
 
 
 
 Data Scientist, Data Intelligence - San Francisco, CA 94105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist, Data Intelligence Salesforce 757 reviews San Francisco, CA 94105 Salesforce 757 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
 Job Category
 Products and Technology
 Job Details
 Department Overview: Data Science Apps (DSA)
 The Data Science Apps (DSA) team, which sits within the broader Data Intelligence organisation, is a family of multi-talented technologists with backgrounds ranging from Artificial Intelligence to Finance. What connects us all is a shared curiosity for how to drive product strategy with data, a passion for getting the job done, and a healthy disregard for constraints.
 The DSA team, comprising of other data scientists and machine learning engineers, works with other data scientists, engineers, designers, executives, product managers, marketers, customer success, and sales team members across all Cloud businesses to
 discover new opportunities for growth and optimization
 drive data-informed product strategy
 create data product experiences and actionable insights that enable our stakeholders to maximize revenue.
 The team works exclusively with Salesforce’s leaders, providing them with prescriptions to effect the bottom line and solve critical business problems, rather than on external customer-facing products.
 If you were to join us, you would:
 Work closely with a diverse, talented team of data scientists, data and visualisation engineers, analysts, strategists, product managers to create high-visibility data products and decision-making tools for Salesforce’s leaders.
 Work on problems like forecasting important business metrics such as sales and capacity, churn and propensity modelling to retain and grow our customer base, clustering and classification using both structured and unstructured data so we can deliver value and create the most meaningful customer experiences, and so much more!
 Have exposure to and build end-to-end data data science products - develop, maintain and productionalise new and existing models and algorithms that underpin our data science applications.
 Regularly review and update our existing data, models and algorithms to ensure that they remain relevant and to the changes in the broader economy as well as Salesforce’s own business (e.g. acquisitions, introduction of new products, etc.).
 Build ETL pipelines to acquire, prepare and analyse large volumes of internal Salesforce data including data about our Product Utilization, Sales, and Marketing activities to discover patterns, derive actionable product insights and drive development strategies.
 Be part of a team and company that truly cares about your wellbeing and knows how to have fun - both during and after work!
 Examples of attributes we value:
 Advanced knowledge of Machine Learning methods and Statistics
 Good understanding of ML project lifecycle
 2+ years of industry experience and a passion for designing, analyzing and deploying machine learning-based solutions
 Proven ability to find creative solutions to challenging problems using a blend of business context and statistical and ML techniques
 Ability to write good quality, well-documented, scalable code - Python preferred. Experience tools like mlFlow, Airflow, Cron, Docker and Cloud Platforms such as AWS/GCP is a plus
 Solid understanding of data transformations and analytics functions using tools/languages like Pandas, Sklearn, SQL and Spark
 Strong communication skills and ability to tell compelling data stories with audience-appropriate visualizations
 Passion, curiosity, solutions focus and independence
 Perks
 Good work-life balance with excellent wellness benefits for you and your family
 Competitive salaries, generous equity and matched 401k
 Comprehensive health insurance plan including dental and vision
 Flexible PTO and paid volunteering
 Accommodations
 If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
 Posting Statement
 At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
 Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
 Salesforce welcomes all.
 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Salesforce 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Salesforce in San Francisco, CA Data Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Salesforce Salesforce 757 reviews Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
