
 
 
 
 R&D Director, Applied Information Sciences (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Analytics) - Albuquerque, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search R&D Director, Applied Information Sciences (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Analytics) Sandia National Laboratories 242 reviews Albuquerque, NM Sandia National Laboratories 242 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Posting Duration 
 
 This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time. 
 
What Your Job Will Be Like 
 
 Reporting to the Associate Laboratories Director (ALD)for National Security Programs, the Director of the Applied Information Sciences (AIS) Center will coordinate and lead a new Information Sciences (IS) initiative at Sandia National Laboratories (Sandia). This initiative spans and integrates Sandia’s capabilities in data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, data analytics, associated areas of applied math & statistics, and related next-generation computer development and co-design opportunities to: 
 Better bridge from fundamental IS research to high-consequence applications 
 Accelerate the application of Sandia-differentiated IS to existing program portfolios 
 Create new IS programmatic opportunities and research activities to develop and apply IS architectures, tools, techniques, workforce, and infrastructure 
 Enhance the Labs’ IS capabilities to the benefit of Sandia’s sponsors and clients, increasing Sandia’s IS leadership, and attracting and retaining critical skills in the workforce 
The AIS Director, and their leadership team, will be responsible for creating a new Center with an integrated organizational vision and mission, culture, and workforce and capability stewardship plan. The AIS Director and their team will also support program development for the breadth of Sandia’s national security missions including developing proposals, technical demonstrations, and presentations. In collaboration with existing Program Portfolios, the Director will identify existing and new sponsors requiring IS-related technologies, capabilities, or products, and will develop new programs with those sponsors. For all program development activity beyond the Department of Energy National Nuclear Security Administration (DOE/NNSA), the AIS Director will ensure that the new programs have national security impact for the programmatic sponsor while simultaneously developing capabilities supporting core NNSA missions. 
On any given day, the AIS Director may be called on to: 
 Collaborate with other Sandia Directors to produce and execute a labs-wide, multi-year IS Technical Roadmap, create and convene a Labs-wide IS Director Governance Council, identify investments in IS capabilities and infrastructure, and create and lead an Investment Area Team (IAT) for AIS in the Computer Science and Information (CIS) Research Foundation within the Sandia Laboratory-Directed Research and Development Program. 
 Represent Sandia’s IS capability to, and answer questions from, senior leadership, DOE/NNSA, officials from other US government departments and agencies, members of the US Congress or their staff, members of the press, or state and local officials. 
 Develop and maintain key relationships (both internal and external) including with academia, other national laboratories, and industry. 
 Supervise and influence foundational and emerging research applicable to Sandia-differentiated IS to help advance the IS Technical Roadmap, knowledge discovery, decision-making and insights, streamline business practices, or enable new IS capabilities. 
 Build and maintain a culture of diversity and inclusion. 
 Assure safe and secure program execution (Center-level budgets, staffing, and deliverables) and address performance and execution gaps. 
 Ensure that budgets, schedules, and performance standards are realistically set and achieved, and that mission objectives and Sandia and NNSA requirements are effectively met. 
 Assist the Division ALD and other Center Directors in the stewardship and development of the Division. 
 Qualifications We Require 
 
 Bachelor’s and Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, OR another relevant STEM field, OR an equivalent business, military, or management degree in a field featuring IS technologies 
 Twelve or more years of experience, including eight or more years of managerial and leadership experience 
 US DOE Q clearance or equivalent active clearance with another US government agency, e.g., DOD, required to start and ability and willingness to acquire SCI access which could require polygraph examinations. 
 Qualifications We Desire 
 
 PhD degree in a relevant STEM field, or an equivalent business, military, or management degree in a field featuring IS technologies 
 Senior management-level strategy development 
 Ability to lead foundational research in, or high-consequence application of, IS technologies 
 Strategic vision and demonstrated ability manage a program portfolio to attain organization-wide objectives; proven track record of developing and sustaining customer relationships. 
 Ability to build a shared vision; encourage others to action; set clear direction; establish plans consistent with that direction. 
 Demonstrated ability to thrive in a dynamic and lean environment and to deal creatively with resource constraint issues and uncertainty. 
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks and changing priorities, mediate conflict, and apply leadership concepts and techniques. 
 Demonstrated experience in building effective partnerships; dedication to diversity; exemplary interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills. 
 Demonstrated experience and results in implementing engineered safety principles for high consequence work. 
 Excellent teamwork capability and the demonstrated ability to be a trusted, encouraging, and an effective member of a leadership team. 
 An active Department of Energy (DOE) granted Q-level security clearance or active Top Secret clearance with another US government agency 
 About Our Team 
 
 The AIS Center is a newly-formed organization in Sandia’s National Security Programs Division. The Division stewards fundamental DOE/NNSA capabilities applicable to all Sandia programs and provides trusted, threat-informed pathfinder technologies for national security through the delivery of advanced defense, deterrent and intelligence technology, and analysis to strengthen our nation’s defenders. 
 
About Sandia 
 
 Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs: 
 Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide 
 Extraordinary co-workers 
 Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world 
 Career advancement and enrichment opportunities 
 Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home) 
 Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance* 
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov 
 These benefits vary by job classification. 
 
Security Clearance 
 
 Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance and SCI access, both of which require US citizenship. SCI access may also require a polygraph examination. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain these levels of access may be impacted. 
Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by the DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment. 
 
EEO 
 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law. Sandia National Laboratories 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in Albuquerque, NM Jobs at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, NM Director of Data Science salaries in Albuquerque, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sandia National Laboratories Sandia National Laboratories 242 reviews About Sandia 
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation's premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
