
 
 
 
 Computational physicist - Salem, OR 97301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Computational physicist Thermo Fisher Scientific Salem, OR 97301 Job Title:  Computational Physicist 
 Requisition ID:  151794BR 
 
When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you will do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment, or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact and supported in achieving your career goals. 
 
 Location/Division  US - Hillsboro, OR/ Remote in US -Materials and Structural Analysis Division 
 
 How will you make an impact? 
The Sample Modification & Characterization group within Advanced Technology (AT) is seeking a computational physicist or computational biophysicist to help create the next generation of microscopy tools.
 Our AT team is responsible for Research and Development to create new microscopy technologies that delight our customers and solve their research needs.
 Charged particle optics, electron and ion focusing systems, and sample characterization are at the heart of Thermo Fisher Scientific’s Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM), Focused Ion Beam (FIB), and DualBeam tools serving the Semiconductor, Life Science and Materials Science markets.
 You will contribute to scientific understanding of particle-matter interactions and emerging microscopy technologies, particularly those for Life Science customers. 
 
What will you do? 
Define and execute independent simulation projects that support our customers’ scientific goals in electron microscopy. 
Provide computational, programming and simulation support for other key projects within AT around sample preparation, beam chemistry and charged particle physics. 
Develop and maintain in-house computer programs and simulation packages supporting exploratory R&D. 
Define and execute the Digital Science vision of the group. 
Ownership of projects or sub-components of projects in line with the group’s 5-year technology roadmap. 
Participate in the development of intellectual property including invention disclosures and patent applications. 
Maintain substantial knowledge of state of the art in computational techniques and best practices. 
Work closely with a team of scientists and engineers. 
Communicate product of research to internal customers. 
Attend conferences, workshops, and other events to communicate research to external customers. 
Establish collaborations with computational experts and external professionals to accelerate projects. 
Other duties as required. 
Education
 
Doctorate in physics, computer science, mathematics, or equivalent with 5 years’ work experience (Postdoc or industry) or other equivalent degree(s) with commensurate experience. 
 
 Experience
 This role is required to have experience in computational physics, computational biology, computational chemistry, or computational biophysics. 
Strong background in mathematics, physics, chemistry, or biology. 
Familiarity with modern digital simulation techniques such as density functional theory. 
Expertise in biomechanics / biophysics is desired. 
Expertise in Artificial Intelligence / Deep Learning method is desired. 
Experience collaborating with experimentalists is desired. 
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
Strong knowledge of statistical and data-analytical methods. 
Demonstrated ability to create and implement complex algorithms and simulate physical systems using commercially available simulation software. 
Ability to work cooperatively and professionally to conceive, develop, and complete research projects relevant to the business on-time and on-budget. 
Ability to think creatively to scope and propose new projects. 
Ability to maintain regular stakeholder contact for updates and discussions. 
Excellent written and verbal communications skills. 
Excellent collaboration skills. 
Windows, MS Office proficiency. 
Ability to work independently and in a team environment, as well as with cross-functional groups. 
At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 75,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. Thermo Fisher Scientific 30+ days ago original job Report job Jobs at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Salem, OR Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
