
 
 
 
 Azure Cloud & AI Americas Time Zone Lead, Microsoft Consulting Services - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Azure Cloud & AI Americas Time Zone Lead, Microsoft Consulting Services Microsoft 7,121 reviews United States Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description How would you like to leverage your strategic consulting practice expertise to transform how our World-class technology-enabled solution delivery organization is empowering our customers & partners to optimize their transformation and business outcomes? If so, the  Microsoft Consulting Services (MCS), WW Azure Cloud & AI (AC&AI) Domain team  has an opportunity for you. 
Microsoft Consulting Services’  mission is to make the market through digital transformation, modern delivery, and accelerating customer agility through cloud. The  Azure Cloud & AI Domain  delivers Digital Transformation projects on Azure Cloud & Artificial Intelligence. We deliver customer business outcomes across Intelligent Manufacturing, Predictive Maintenance, E-health, Smart Grids, Sustainability, Digi-banks, E-government, Connected Vehicle, and more! Our team values are centered around embracing a growth mindset, investing in our people, customer obsession and celebrating diversity and inclusion. 
The  AC&AI Americas Time Zone (TZ) Lead  is responsible for leading an organization of consulting professionals toward cost efficient and sustained high-quality delivery of project consulting services to customers. This role reports to the Worldwide Domain Lead for Azure Cloud and AI. 
Responsibilities 
As the  AC&AI Americas TZ Lead,  you are ultimately responsible for the overall performance of the domain within their time zone from a financial and scorecard performance standpoint. You will work closely with the diverse services sales and delivery teams, globally. You will optimize all the resources in the Americas (Canada, U.S. and LATAM) for maximum efficiency from pre-sales through delivery for the full life cycle of services we support. 
Business - Resource / Financial Management:  Leads and is responsible for TZ specific Financial and Scorecard commitments for the Domain. Ensure the organization grows and evolves its delivery skills supporting the strategies of the overall domain via readiness programs, effective knowledge management programs, and consistent use of delivery methods and tools. 
Business – Technical Delivery:  Contribution to the growth and maturity of the local and international technical communities and lead by example. In addition, drive IP development, knowledge management, reuse initiatives, and drive best or proven practice in architecture, planning, and customer engagement. Provide risk management for the practice, as well as ensures successful delivery of the full life cycle of services in the domain via the quality management programs, methods, and tools required for the domain to deliver successfully. 
Leadership:  Focuses organizations' priorities on consumption, customer & partner satisfaction, delivery practice maturity, resource and bench management, deal structure, and cost-effective delivery driven by successful execution of the delivery strategies required to be successful. Clearly articulates the MCS mission, goals, and strategies to all audiences, helping them understand how they play a part in Microsoft’s continued success. Demonstrates sound judgment in tough commercial and personnel situations. Acts as a role model and encourages continuous personnel and organizational improvement. Demonstrates strong Stakeholder Management capability and impactful engagement within the Global Leadership community in a way that supports Areas to achieve their business goals, while balancing the business and operational imperatives of the domain. 
People Management:  Manager of Technical Delivery Managers (TDM), Delivery Management Managers (DMM) Consultants, Architects, Architect Managers, and PjM’s. Leads organization and people at scale, demonstrating global mindset. Models and cultivates a growth mindset culture and Microsoft leadership principles: create clarity, generate energy, deliver success. Leads effectively through transformations by building organizational and people capabilities for the future. Brings together the power of One Microsoft to deliver an integrated approach to customers. 
Customer/Partner Satisfaction:  As a Manager of Managers, TZ Leads support, coach and enable their organization to convincingly drive high quality technical delivery and delivery excellence through customer satisfaction activities (Conditions of Satisfaction, Service Delivery Plans, etc.) and behaviors (responsiveness, delivery on promises, raise issues early, etc.) for their teams. They take ownership of and resolve escalations as necessary for customer success using a One Microsoft approach. 
Qualifications 
Required: 
15+ years of technology leadership experience with a proven record of delivering the full range of management/strategy consulting services, from pre-sales through delivery in large scale, complex enterprise environments. 
History of successfully leading senior delivery leaders with direct and indirect teams, hiring, developing, and retaining technical professionals, globally. 
Proven track record of managing the financial fundamentals of a delivery organization. 
Deep understanding of the delivery skills, methods and tools required for success. 
A deep understanding of markets, customers, and related technology 
Background in solving large and complex customer issues successfully working directly with senior leaders (customer and internal stakeholders) to resolve. 
Self-motivated, confident, and comfortable in working in a matrixed, global organization. 
Ability to achieve results through influence, in addition to direct management, across multiple business units. 
Preferred: 
Experience with large scale Microsoft customers is desired. 
Location/Travel:  You may be based anywhere in the United States. You can expect travel to range between 0 – 25%, contingent upon Covid-19 restrictions. 
Join us and be one who empowers billions!  That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world. 
#bizops 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. 
 If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Cloud Consultant jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Cloud Consultant salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
