
 
 
 
 IT Specialist I - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Specialist I TuSimple 3 reviews San Diego, CA TuSimple 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. This role is located in San Diego, CA
 
 For immediate consideration please email your resume to:  infosec__it_support_specialist_i_e1ec40512us@ivy.greenhouse.io
 
Company Overview
 
Come join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!
 
As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are at the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are leading the industry in autonomous trucking.
 
While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.
 
TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first global commercially viable autonomous truck driving platform!
 
Job Overview
 
Prepares new systems including disk imaging, renaming and joining to domain, and system testing.Assists with evaluating older systems bench tests and to determine whether systems can be repaired and re-deployed, or disposed of.
 Participates in the accurate and timely installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of corporate hardware and software, in line with TuSimple's IT Service Level Agreement.
 With guidance, determines and resolves non-complex issue(s). Tests fixes to ensure problems have been adequately resolved.
 Prioritizes and schedules support tickets, escalating tickets to the appropriate IT personnel as needed.
 Helps maintain detailed documentation for hardware and software corporate assets, systems, and deployments.
 Assists with configuring and installation of network workstations and other network devices.
 Helps maintain the proper organization and security of the IT storage area.
 
 Experience and Skills required : 
Basic technical knowledge and understanding of various desktop applications (e.g GSuite, Virus Protection (Forti client),VPN).
 Basic understanding of the building/imaging computer process.
 Ability to read and follow technical instructions.
 With guidance, ability to effectively conduct root-cause analysis to determine a problem and resolve the issue.
 Demonstrated aptitude and passion for IT.
 
 Preferred: 
1+ year of work experience in an IT position.
 
Perks
 
Visa sponsorship is available for this position
 Opportunity for professional growth and career advancement
 Competitive salary and benefits
 Up to a 30% discretionary bonus.
 
Daily breakfast, lunch, and dinner
 
Shape the landscape of autonomous driving
 100% Company paid Medical, Vision, and Dental insurance plan
 Company 401(K) program
 Company paid life insurance
 Company paid education/training.
 Company paid gym membership.
 
TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above listed items.
 
This role is located in San Diego, CA
 
 For immediate consideration please email your resume to:  infosec__it_support_specialist_i_e1ec40512us@ivy.greenhouse.io TuSimple 13 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job IT Technician jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at TuSimple in San Diego, CA IT Technician salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from TuSimple TuSimple 3 reviews TuSimple is a fully commercialized autonomous trucking company.   As a multi-national Artificial Intelligence Technology Company, we are ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
