
 
 
 
 Designer - AI Creative Design - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Designer - AI Creative Design Facebook 621 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 621 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Facebook AI team is looking for a seasoned Designer to join the marketing and communications design team.The Facebook AI Team is dedicated to furthering the capabilities of AI in service of the Facebook company. As a Designer on the Facebook AI Creative Design Team, you will be focused on bringing fresh approaches on strategy and execution to break through and humanize a technical space while championing refinement and brand consistency during growth.We are looking for a creative with experience in both refined presentation design, event branding, infographics, social imagery, campaigns and brand design systems. This candidate would bring a passion for design, photography, type and motion as they come together to tell compelling stories.The candidate will work closely with the creative director, marketing partners, product designers, engineers and researchers. They possess follow-through, communication, and the capability to manage and contribute to multiple projects simultaneously. Strong leadership, presentation and collaboration skills required to work with cross functional partners in this self-starter environment. 
Design all branded touch points for conferences, online events, research projects and awards. 
Design presentations and infographics for research content while contributing to the development of the broader design system of our brand. 
Concept, design and oversee production of integrated, internal awareness campaigns and conferences 
collateral and swag. 
Strategize, concept and support brand management for our external-facing brand including support on our newly branded website. 
Design presentations and infographics for research content while contributing to the development of the broader design system of our brand. 
8+ years of relevant experience working in a digital company, agency, or studio 
Demonstrated experience partnering with engineering and media teams to deliver scaled programs 
Demonstrated understanding of web UX/UI trends and best practices 
Demonstrated experience designing for websites as well as variety of traditional mediums 
Communication skills 
Working knowledge of entire Adobe Suite 
Working knowledge/experience in Figma 
Understanding of Artificial Intelligence 
Motion graphic storyboarding experience 
Familiarity with front end code 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Designer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 621 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
