
 
 
 
 Director of Legal Operations & Innovation - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Legal Operations & Innovation Levi Strauss & Co. 2,684 reviews San Francisco, CA Levi Strauss & Co. 2,684 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION
 You're an original. So are we  .
 We're a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
 Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we've used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi's®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
 We're looking for someone to guide the continued evolution of the Levi Strauss & Co. Greater Legal Team, which includes Legal, Security& Resilience, and the Levi Strauss Foundation. The Director of Legal Operations and Innovation will oversee the global business operations and ongoing innovation of the department to support our mission and strategies. You will manage the department's operations by delivering important projects, increasing efficiencies and effectiveness, and deploying key best practices. You will report to the EVP and General Counsel and will work closely with the department leaders. You will sit on the department's Legal and Security Leadership Team. You will manage two legal operations professionals.
 About the Job
 Develop the department's operational and strategic roadmap, translating department goals and priorities into strategic plans, partnering with members of the department to report progress, and generating agreement from multiple partners where needed
 Partner with the department's leaders, and the Finance, IT and Procurement departments, to manage the department's annual financial operating plan, accruals and forecasts
 Manage a comprehensive external legal resource program that includes strategic law firms and other outside counsel, vendors, and managed services to maximize value, evaluate performance, increase efficiency, increase diversity, and improve predictability
 Develop a framework for RFPs and negotiate alternative fee arrangements for projects with predictable scope
 Manage our eBilling platform to enhance its capabilities
 Design and report on department goals and other metrics to inform decision-making, measure departmental performance against strategic plans, and support department leadership in developing operational strategies
 Manage the department's IT portfolio and strategy, developed together with department leadership
 Guide the evaluation and implementation of technology solutions throughout the department, including data science and artificial intelligence solutions, using change management strategies
 Develop scalable processes, organizational models, and workflows to increase the quality, efficiency, value, and effectiveness of the department's operations and service delivery, including streamlining legal support processes and migrating to or enhancing use of automated or semi-automated workflows
 Keep an eye on legal technology and trends and recommend relevant department adoption and changes
 Contribute to agenda planning for department leadership meetings
 Lead the Legal Operations team of two
 About You
 Bachelor's Degree required; MBA or JD preferred.
 At least 5+ years of total work experience in operations or law firm management; 7+ years of relevant experience
 Experience making an impact, leading change and developing strategies
 Experience managing individuals and leading a complex function
 An innovative thinker who will identify opportunities and strategies for increasing value and efficiency across the department
 Project management skills
 In-depth understanding of law firm billing, pricing and compensation practices; demonstrated experience with alternative fee arrangements
 Experience with litigation and transaction matter lifecycles, and legal service delivery
 Technology-know-how; proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications; preferred expertise with LegalTracker ebilling software and Apttus for CLM
 We put a lot of thought into our programs to provide you with a benefits package that matters. Whether it is for medical care, taking time off, improving your health or planning for retirement, we've got you covered. Here's a small snapshot:
 401K match: $1.25 for every $1.00 you contribute up to the first 6% of pay you save.
 Five hours of paid volunteer time per month with nonprofit organizations
 Product discount of 50% off regular-price merchandise
 Paid Family Leave
 EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
 LOCATION
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 FULL TIME/PART TIME
 Full time
 Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account. Levi Strauss & Co. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Operations jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Levi Strauss & in San Francisco, CA Director of Operations salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Levi Strauss & Co. Levi Strauss & Co. 2,684 reviews You’re an original. So are we. We’re a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented
the blue jean in 1873, and we reinv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
