
 
 
 
 Director of Customer Success - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Customer Success Qventus Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Company 
Qventus   provides a real-time decision-making platform for hospital operations. Our mission is to simplify how healthcare operates, so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on delivering the best possible care to patients. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create products and solutions that help nurses, doctors, and hospital staff anticipate issues and make operational decisions proactively. We work with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. 
 
Qventus works with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. The company was recognized by the 2019 Black Book Awards in healthcare for patient flow and by CB Insights as a 2019 top 100 Most Promising Company in Artificial Intelligence. Recently, Qventus won the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Emergency Response for the Healthcare System Innovation Challenge through its work helping health systems across the country plan for and operate in the COVID pandemic. 
The Role 
We’re looking for a  Director of Customer Success  to lead the team that supports our largest account. This requires strong expertise in a range of competencies including: executive relationship development/management, people and project leadership, change management, healthcare consulting/professional services, and enterprise account management with technical and operational components. The right person for this role will bring a passion for creating repeatability and predictability in a highly complex technical and operational environment. 
The  Director of Customer Success  will lead a team of Customer Success Managers and an Analytics and Reporting Associate to collaborate with a broad group of technical and clinical operations experts to successfully deploy and continually expand adoption of Qventus solutions. The Director serves as an Industry and Qventus product expert who strategically and independently drives high impact customer relationships and product/methodology enhancements forward. The Director will lead the team to deliver the product within the determined timeline, budget, and scope, while delighting the customer. 
The  Director of Customer Success  will lead and manage junior staff by supporting their achievement of goals and professional development. The right candidate has a history of consistent high performance and is passionate about making our healthcare delivery system more efficient. 
 Core Responsibilities: 
Independently lead the cross-functional account team (Customer Success, Clinical Operations, and Technical Operations) that manages Qventus’ largest enterprise client. 
Responsible for client usage, outcome generation, reference-ability, renewal, and identifying opportunities for expansion. 
Establish, guide and manage expansion of executive relationships to ensure alignment both within the accounts and across supporting teams within Qventus (product, engineering, clinical operations, technical operations, sales). 
Define, lead and execute account strategy – focusing short and long term efforts around prioritized efforts to drive customer adoption, referenceable relationships across key stakeholders, tangible value, and performance improvement. 
Independently manage high-impact and critical client conversations, expertly communicate the Qventus value proposition. 
Resolves complex account issues largely independently, but knows when to bring to bear resources from across the organization. 
Develop and manage team members. 
Act as a critical member of Customer Operations Leadership team. 
Use data and process to measure and manage account performance creatively, proactively, and applicable to other members of our customer base. 
Drive internal improvement activities including operational processes and consulting methodology. 
Craft, manage and deliver high-impact, visually compelling client communications and presentations. 
Provide clinical, technical and process expertise into solution design in order to address customer use cases and to deliver results. 
Partner with Product (and other areas) to drive Qventus solutions in directions our customers need. 
Act as primary point of escalation for the account, both within the client and inside Qventus. 
Partner with Sales to identify and support growth – both within the assigned account and within prospective. customers with similar profiles. 
Ability to travel 25-50% (once safe to do so again). 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
BA/BS required, MBA or other relevant advanced degree (preferred). 
A background in professional services or consulting in healthcare technology or operations at a top firm (7-10 years) 
A track record of leading cross-functional account teams to deliver measurable outcomes and growth 
Experience establishing and expanding “trusted-advisor” relationships with health system executives. 
 Additional candidates attributes that are highly desired: 
The experience, knowledge and confidence to be a leader within a fast-paced high-tech start-up company in the healthcare vertical. 
Demonstrated ability to lead and develop staff. 
Strong understanding of hospital economics and operations. 
Strong interpersonal communication (verbal + written), project management and client service skills with the political savvy to engage with client C-suite executives. 
The ability to translate client needs into product and service terms for Qventus teams and articulate the implications of product features for client workflows. 
Strong attention to detail and proven data/analytical skills with a bias towards process design and implementation. 
Flexible learning mind-set to fully understand and integrate Qventus solutions with a high level of critical thinking and the ability to navigate ambiguous and dynamic circumstances and environments. 
Solid written communication and documentation skills to create and edit internal and client deliverables that are succinct, articulate and meet Qventus standards of quality. 
Experience handling tough conversations, addressing and delivering pushback, understanding issues and developing effective, fact-based persuasion strategies. 
Comfortable in an early-stage, high growth environment. 
Bias to action – intolerant of inefficiency and bureaucracy. 
Experience driving structure from ambiguity. 
Creative problem-solver, willing to be a trailblazer. 
Highly dependable and detail oriented. 
High levels of personal accountability. 
A passion for fixing our healthcare system. 
 Qventus is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice which can be found here: https://qventus.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/ Qventus 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Customer Success jobs in Remote Jobs at Qventus in Remote Director of Customer Success salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Qventus Qventus' mission is to simplify how healthcare operates so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on providing the best possible care to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
