
 
 
 
 Salesforce Engineer I - Phoenix, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Salesforce Engineer I American Express 8,100 reviews Phoenix, AZ American Express 8,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.
 At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible - and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way. When you join #TeamAmex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day.”
 There’s a difference between having a job and making a difference. American Express has been making a difference in people’s lives for over 160 years, backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to take on their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards. We’ve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learning and collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. We have their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time to spend with their family or community. And when they’re ready to take on a new career path, we’re right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into the best future they envision. Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people. 
 At American Express the Enterprise Platforms team was created in 2018 as a fundamental part of the company’s Framework for Winning. Core to our purpose is reimagining the platform solution-delivery model to dramatically improve our business outcomes, strategic agility, speed to market, and delivery effectiveness. Our Enterprise Salesforce team of over 400 colleagues power this mission by developing Sales & Marketing solutions which harness the power of Data, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence to offer powerful selling and re-selling engines to grow our business. Our platforms support nearly 30k users across the company to manage our customer relationships and grow our business using the full suite of Salesforce capabilities. 
 We’re always looking to grow our Salesforce team with the best talent and have a full spectrum of positions available for all experience levels and disciplines. Working at Amex will provide an opportunity to apply and extend your skills to Service Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Einstein, CPQ, Tableau, Slack, and an extensive list of App Exchange capabilities. In return we expect a passionate and positive “can do” attitude, clear and logical communication skills, a team player, and someone willing to bring in new ideas and challenge the status quo to accelerate our transformation journey. 
 The Engineer plays a critical role in helping us transform our technology and architecture and delighting our customers with best in class technology platforms. Our Engineers not only understand how technology works, but how that technology intersects with the people who count on it every single day. Innovative ideas and new perspectives are at the core of how we create a more powerful, personal and fulfilling experience for all our customers. So if you’re passionate about crafting breakthrough applications and making an impact on an audience of millions, look no further.
 Responsibilities 
 Deliver Salesforce solutions on Salesforce Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Salesforce Communities and Force.com platform. 
 Accountable for Salesforce technical delivery - Build, System Testing handover/co-ordination, Technical documentation and deployment activities. 
 Play lead in reviewing Epics/User-stories, convert functional requirements to technical requirements, Estimate user stories, plan team capacity and work closely with Scrum Master to finalize Sprint scope. 
 Ability to analyze/identify gaps in functional/business requirements, discuss with functional and client product owners on required changes that aligns with Salesforce product stack and architecture 
 Ability to effectively debug and resolve technical issues and/or defects which may be reported as a result of faults in the production system. 
 Develop end to end Salesforce solutions using Configuration and customization using APEX Class, Triggers, Visualforce pages, Lightning components etc., 
 Migrate changes from development to test to production environment(s) using CI technologies like Salesforce DX, Jenkins and ANT 
 Build integrations between Salesforce and external applications using REST, SOAP APIs, oAuth and Single Sign-On. 
 Build Proof of Concepts and lead the team in extending concepts to Enterprise Systems. 
 Manage risks and issues as well as cross dependencies with other teams. Communicate effectively with internal teams and client to address technical design and functional gaps. 
 Partner with stakeholders to continuously upgrade Enterprise platforms as per industry standards and Technology stack latest offerings 
 Harness the opportunities to build Intellectual Property within the team and for the enterprise. 
 Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 BS degree or higher in computer science or related discipline 
 2+ years of experience on an agile development team using a modern programming language 
 Knowledge of development frameworks, design patterns and agile practices 
 Highly collaborative with exceptional leadership/soft skills 
 Ability to craft simple, elegant, and comprehensive solutions 
 Salesforce development experience strongly preferred 
 Proficient oral and written communication skills 
 Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners 
 Strong problem-solving skills and a desire to learn through experience 
 Excellent collaboration in a team environment and comfortable in group based working sessions. 
 Aptitude for learning and applying programming concepts 
 Working experience as part of an Agile team. 
 American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. 
 
ReqID: 21005545 
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time 
Date Posted: Apr 30, 2021, 11:07:37 AMAmerican Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law. American Express 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Salesforce Developer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at American Express in Phoenix, AZ Salesforce Developer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from American Express American Express 8,100 reviews At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
