
 
 
 
 Conversational Artificial Intelligence Architect, Manager - Applied Artificial Intelligence - Phoenix, AZ 85012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Conversational Artificial Intelligence Architect, Manager - Applied Artificial Intelligence Deloitte 10,102 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85012 Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Work you'll do 
At Deloitte you will manage and deliver components of client engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions for large companies. Key responsibilities will include: 
 
Architect, position, design, develop and deploy enterprise solutions which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Services 
Manage teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures. 
Formulate planning, budgeting, forecasting and reporting strategies. 
Manage full life cycle implementations. 
Develop statements of work and/or client proposals. 
Identify business opportunities to increase usability and profitability of information architecture. 
Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement. 
Develop and manage vendor relationships. 
Lead workshops for client education. 
Manage resources and budget on client projects. 
Assist and drive the team by providing oversight. 
 
The team 
 Analytics & Cognitive 
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. 
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting enterprise programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. 
The Analytics & Cognitive team works with our clients to: 
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based as well as client-owned platforms 
Deploy automation and cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions 
Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements 
Qualifications: 
6+ years of relevant work experience 
1+ year of consulting experience on Conversational AI systems 
2+ years of experience leading and managing project teams 
2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore.ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, MS LUIS/Cortana or IBM Watson 
3+ experiences developing and deploying voice and/or text conversational flows for virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore.ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, or IBM Watson, MS LUIS/MS Azure Cognitive/ML 
Travel up to 50% of the time (Monday - Thursday/Friday) (While 50% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.)
 Limited immigration sponsorship may be available. 
 
Preferred: 
 
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Empirical Statistics 
Certification or expertise on at least one of the following platforms: IPSoft Amelia, Kore.ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, or IBM Watson 
API development experience 
Advanced skills in Java/C++, R, Python, etc. 
Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA. SAS/Base, SAS/Stat, SAS/Macro preferred 
Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, neural networks, dialog systems, dialog management, and natural language generation 
Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.g., Decision Trees, Naive Bayes Classification, Ordinary Least Squares Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, Ensemble Methods, Clustering Algorithms, Principal Component Analysis, Singular Value Decomposition, Independent Component Analysis) 
In-depth theoretical and practical knowledge applying categorical methods such as logistic and survival analysis 
Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.g., Virtual Travel & Hospitality Concierge, Virtual Product Specialists, Virtual Personal Shopper, Virtual Bank Teller & Advisor, Virtual Account Representative, Virtual IT Helpdesk Support, Virtual HR Specialist, Virtual Onboarding Advisor, On-the-job Task and Process Guidance, Corporate Policy Guidance, etc.) 
Expertise in 2+ domain preferred (e.g., Customer & Marketing, Finance, M&A, Operations, Pricing, Risk, Supply Chain, Workforce, etc.) 
Experience in Technology, Media, Telecommunications, Consumer (especially transportation) and Financial Services& Insurance a plus 
Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements. 
Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). 
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment. 
An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred. 
anccon 
aitecharch Deloitte 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Deloitte in Phoenix, AZ Architect salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
