
 
 
 
 Data Center Hardware Operations Engineer - Nevada - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Center Hardware Operations Engineer NVIDIA 237 reviews Nevada Remote NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you a person who likes to work in a fast paced organization?
 For two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics. With our invention of the GPU - the engine of modern visual computing - the field has expanded to encompass personal computer games, movie production, product design, medical diagnosis and scientific research. Today, visual computing is becoming increasingly central to how people harmonize with technology, and there has never been a more exciting time to join our excellent team. NVIDIA is now passionate about innovation at the intersection of visual processing, high performance computing, and artificial intelligence.
 Our data centers, and the thousands of servers installed in them, are the foundation upon which our creative products and services are delivered. Our customer base consists of hundreds of deeply intelligent engineers who continually provide us with complex problems to be solved.
 We are looking for a highly motivated Data Center Engineer to join our team. Having depth and breadth knowledge of working in data center facilities in a large-scale distributed environment is a strength you'll need. You should have deep knowledge and experience in Data Center Hardware Operations.
 What you'll be doing:
 Act as technical liaison for our hardware operations team.
 Participate in the monitoring, maintenance, support, and optimization of all production server hardware, software.
 Develop processes to transform hardware operations.
 Contribute to the development of the global DC knowledge base.
 Deploy new data center infrastructure support, deliver server upgrades, integration efforts, large scale rebuilds, and other projects as required.
 You are recognized for forward thinking and will support all DC teams to reduce potential risks to current and upcoming projects.
 You will hunt for and resolve issues as well as analyze data looking for trends and systemic issues. Implement process improvements and develop a leading edge operational environment.
 Assist in establishing a spare parts depot.
 Work with hardware manufacturers to help develop tools and knowledge base.
 Build scripting tools for all types of hardware equipment to better serve the hardware operations team efforts.
 What we need to see:
 You will have 7+ years of experience in large-scale data center hardware troubleshooting, repair, and component changes.
 BS, BA, or BEng degree or equivalent experience in technical field, or relevant work experience.
 Demonstrate expertise in server hardware management, including configuration, installation, modification and troubleshooting of server equipment.
 Deep understanding of data center hardware equipment, network designs, and cabling infrastructure.
 Ability to understand internal customer problem and provide technical solution in timely manner.
 Good interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively with a diverse group of customers and staff.
 Experience providing client-facing, direct customer support and service.
 Able to work in a constantly evolving, hands-on, startup environment.
 Ability to make decisions and work with minimal direction.
 Proven experience in developing and reviewing MOP and SOPs, to minimize our risks.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 BICSI or equivalent certifications.
 An obvious passion for getting things done in a fast-paced technology environment.
 Deep understanding of data center power and cooling infrastructure, of network and cabling infrastructure.
 Experience with NetBox, CMMS, SNOW and Inventory Management tools. Linux and Python are a plus.
 You're a self-starter with a mentality for growth, continuous learning, and constantly looking to improve the team.
 Extensive knowledge of the OSI model and basic networking concepts.
 Self-motivated, high EQ, can work within anyone from SVP to field engineer to customer.
 Attention to detail with superb interpersonal skills and the ability to handle multiple priorities.
 A positive attitude and a strategic outlook.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Hardware Engineer jobs in Nevada Jobs at NVIDIA in Nevada Hardware Engineer salaries in Nevada Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
