
 
 
 
 Senior Growth Analyst - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Growth Analyst Grin, Inc. United States Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The Company 
GRIN is the #1 influencer marketing software solution in the world. Focused on providing authenticity at scale, GRIN helps brands manage thousands of direct influencer relationships at a time, cutting out the “middleman” seen in legacy influencer networks. Advanced tools such as the world's largest database of influencers, automated email outreach and follow-up, campaign management, the industry’s leading influencer CRM, and deep analytics with sales tracking, power the influencer marketing programs of the fastest growing consumer brands in the world. 
GRIN is headquartered in Sacramento, CA with a “Remote First” work environment, meaning work-from-home is the default. 
The Team 
The Data Team was formed relatively recently at GRIN, but has an ambitious remit to significantly impact the organization cross-functionally ranging from acquisition to retention and working collaboratively across all teams in the company. 
Data-driven transformation through the democratization and access of data via multiple platforms empowers our teams to make smarter decisions. Measuring the impact of those choices gives us the agility to adapt quickly when necessary. With the advent of these initiatives around data storage, centralization and automation, we anticipate massive gains in efficiency, growth in our core metrics, and a rising tide of excitement, morale and engagement. 
You’ll be helping to build out a team of mathematicians, statisticians, analysts, and engineers. 
As we build and integrate cutting-edge technology in data infrastructure, cloud services, artificial intelligence, augmented/virtual reality, and machine learning, we’re excited to see what the future has in store for GRIN. 
 
Responsibilities:
 The Role 
Use a variety of data analysis tools to explore our existing dataset to uncover correlations, predictive metrics & other insights that uncover the factors that drive growth. 
Assist other members of the team in data analysis required to explore & validate hypotheses. 
Build, own and manage initiatives to develop and automate tooling, dashboards & training to communicate relevant growth metrics to other stakeholders, both regularly and on an ad-hoc basis. 
Collaborate with engineering to shape and drive tactical and strategic development of data infrastructure, reporting and analytical applications. 
Work closely with engineering and development teams to build ETL pipelines. 
Deliver reporting and analytics to cross functional management teams 
Generate automated weekly reporting on various KPIs via Tableau 
Perform ad-hoc analysis on multiple reporting metrics: CPA / CAC, LTV, ROI etc. 
Own and manage multiple initiatives to develop and automate tracking mechanisms to measure multi-channel performance both regularly and on an ad-hoc basis. 
Present insights and recommendations from analyses to senior management and influence behavioral change in decisions and direction across the company. 
Develop, maintain and improve internal relationships with other business leaders and externally with vendors and partners. 
Proactively initiate, scope, and execute projects across multiple business units with minimal guidance. Work closely across multiple teams to understand business requirements and ensure strategy and developed solutions, dashboards and analyses fit evolving needs. 
Collaborate with engineering to shape and drive tactical and strategic development of data infrastructure, reporting and analytical applications. 
 
Qualifications:
 
Preferred Education 
A bachelor’s degree in Business, Economics, Finance, Math or Statistics. Computer Science or another technical field of study is also acceptable. 
Requirements & Qualifications 
At least 3 years analytical experiences with high data volume environments, preferably in software, internet, media or telecom industry. 
Technical expertise regarding statistics, data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques. 
Demonstrated experiences and strong track record in experimental design & interpretation, exploratory data analysis & prototyping. Startup experience is a plus. 
Strong database experiences including proficiency in SQL, programming and API integration. 
Strong communication and analytical skills, independent, sensitive to numbers. 
Knowledge of Tableau, Hive, No-SQL, Hadoop, Graph or other data applications and related languages is a plus. 
Fluency in presenting abstract data concepts, storytelling and driving actionable results from analytical findings. 
Benefits 
Competitive salary 
16 days of PTO + 10 Sick Days + paid holidays 
Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance 
Home Office set up 
Employee Stock Option Program 
Paid Child Bonding Leave 
401k Program 
Professional Development Opportunities 
Tons of growth opportunity 
…and much more! Grin, Inc 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Analyst jobs in United States Jobs at Grin in United States Senior Analyst salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Grin, Inc. We Push Apps.

Mobile app publishing - faster, better, smarter. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
