
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Littleton, CO 80125 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews Littleton, CO 80125 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space.  Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing people are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every single day we use our skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. 
 
Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. 
 
The Lockheed Martin Space Pulsar development team is focused on evolving how Lockheed Martin Space does business. We’re consistently looking at ways to improve our collaboration, foster innovation and advance how we operate. The Pulsar development team delivers advanced visualization projects leveraging capabilities like Extended Reality and the Pulsar Center; an advanced, configurable visualization center for the immersive display of digital concepts, scenarios, modeling, simulation, and war gaming. The team holds creativity and innovation as core principles in everything we do. We are seeking a  Software Engineer  for our Littleton, CO location. 
 
We are looking for someone who will thrive in a fun, positive workplace and actively engage in our creative and unique development culture. The ideal candidate is ambitious, capable of learning fast, and is passionate about the latest technologies and bringing them to life through innovative approaches. This individual can multi-task in a dynamic environment to support fast-paced activities. This individual should be team oriented and comfortable ideating as a team to deliver rapid prototypes. The candidate should be comfortable giving and receiving respectful, candid feedback while working through design challenges that require novel solutions. 
 
Roles and responsibilities will include: 
 
 Developing innovative solutions in support of advanced visualization projects and prototypes Working cohesively with a team of developers, 3D artists and designers Partnering with peers and internal clients to shape project requirements through industry research, stakeholder interviews and emerging trends Contributing to our team’s growing set of development platforms, tools, and processes by continually introducing and facilitating the adoption of new ideas and emerging technologies 
 
Typically has a Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 2 years of professional experience; or no experience required with a related Masters degree. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Degree in computer science, game development, computer/software engineering or similar technical degree. 2+ years of professional software development experience Experience with database technologies, networking, data services and computer system interfaces Proficient with various programming languages including C# US Citizenship is required with the ability to obtain and maintain TS/SCI clearance. 
Desired Skills: 
 Strong communication skills Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills Ability to decompose high-level goals into individual tasks with estimated completion times Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills across both technical and process issues Experience with various AR/VR technologies (e.g. HTC Vive, Oculus, HoloLens, etc.) Experience with Extended Reality peripherals (e.g. Leap Motion, Tobii Eye Tracker, etc.) Experience with game development engines/platforms (e.g. ARKit, Unity 3D, Unreal Engine). Ability to learn Computer Graphics development (e.g. shader development, render pipelines, etc.) Ability to learn additional software skills such as building machine learning models, artificial intelligence 
To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin champions an inclusive work environment that urges differences and big-picture thinking. Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. We enjoy a robust package of benefits, on-site campus perks and the opportunities of a global technology leader to back the kind of innovation that has characterized our historic breakthroughs.
 
 
Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: 
 
 Performance Bonus Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition 
Interested in learning more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package? Click here. 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Littleton, CO Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Littleton, CO Software Engineer salaries in Littleton, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
