
 
 
 
 Summer Fellow - Artificial Intelligence - Montclair, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Summer Fellow - Artificial Intelligence Own The Room 4 reviews Montclair, NJ Own The Room 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Seasonal Full Job Description Own The Room® is an unrivaled communications training company, trusted by the world's top companies; we take careers and companies to the next level . Since our founding in 2011, we've partnered with more than 200 companies in 46 countries and 7 languages, empowering individuals and teams with the breakthrough skills they need to drive progress, increase efficiency, and improve collaboration — all while boosting the bottom line. Recently, we've added the LifeHikes® app to our portfolio to continue to disrupt how people learn through a powerful combination of AI technology and our proven learning methodology. This app is just the beginning as we launch a new parent company called LifeHikes with a coalition of incredible companies focused on disrupting the personal and professional learning ecosystem.
 We are seeking talented college graduates from a wide range of disciplines to participate in our inaugural LifeHikes® Summer Fellows program. This is a unique opportunity to join an international leader in learning and development, committed to helping people worldwide unleash their potential. In addition to your day-to-day duties, you will also experience a Hike, our instructor-led, virtual training session that will take your communications skills from good to great.
 
This is a full-time, paid Fellowship running from June 7th – August 11th, 2021.
 
SUMMARY
 
The Summer Fellow, Artificial Intelligence for Coaching, will work with a fast-moving, agile team to build the base for an Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning product centered around increasing access to personal coaching. This position will focus on research, prototyping, and analysis that will form the core of our new LifeHikes® offering. No tech background required, but additional technical skills would be utilized.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES
 
 Perform research across categories such as:  Communications, Sales, Decision-Making, Personal Skills, and Creativity.
 
Evaluate content in all above disciplines to develop AI / ML offerings that support the LifeHikes® ecosystem
 
Perform basic prototyping and solution creation to support technical processes and new products.
 
Blue Planet Training, Inc. (DBA Own The Room, DBA LifeHikes) is committed to building a diverse, talented, global team and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Own The Room 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fellow jobs in Montclair, NJ Jobs at Own The Room in Montclair, NJ Fellow salaries in Montclair, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Own The Room Own The Room 4 reviews Own The Room® is a privately held corporate training company based in Montclair, NJ. Founded in 2011, Own The Room has grown its footprin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
