
 
 
 
 Senior Data Engineer - Atlanta, GA 30309 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Engineer Kroll 59 reviews Atlanta, GA 30309 Kroll 59 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our professionals balance analytical skills, deep market insight and independence to deliver solid, defensible analysis and practical advice to our clients. As an organization, we think globally. We create transparency in an opaque world, and we encourage our people to do the same. That means when you take your place on our team, you’ll discover a supportive and collaborative work environment that empowers you to excel. If you’re ready to share your perspective with the world, then you can make a real impact here. This is the Duff & Phelps difference. 
 Duff & Phelps is building an artificial intelligence and machine learning practice, and we’re looking for you to join our growing portfolio of AI projects. You will be involved in designing, building, and integrating data from various sources and working with an advanced engineering team and professionals from the world’s largest financial institutions, law enforcement, and government agencies. 
 At Duff & Phelps, your work will help protect, restore and maximize value for our clients. Join us and together we’ll maximize the value of your career. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Design and build organizational data infrastructure and architecture 
 Identifying, designing and implementing internal process improvements including re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, optimizing data delivery, and automating manual processes 
 Choose the best tools/services/resources to build robust data pipelines for data ingestion, connection, transformation, and distribution 
 Design, develop and manage ETL processes 
 Transform data and engineer new features for machine learning models 
 Version data and create data monitoring models
 Assist with deploying models to production 
 Working with global teams to deliver models 
 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 Experience with Azure 
 Experience with Python 
 Experience in dealing with different kind of databases, data sources and formats 
 Experience writing ETL jobs 
 Experience with big data tools like data lakes, Spark, Hadoop, etc. 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Ability to conduct data profiling, cataloging, and mapping for technical data flows 
 Ability to work with an international team 
 
 DESIRED SKILLS: 
 Strong cloud architecture principles: compute, storage, networks, security, cost savings, etc. 
 Experience with NLP tools like spaCy or NLTK 
 Experience with machine learning tools like Tensorflow, PyTorch or Keras 
 Experience with real-time data pipelines 
 
 In order to be considered for a position at Duff & Phelps, you must formally apply via careers.duffandphelps.jobs 
 Duff & Phelps is committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We will not discriminate between applications for reason of gender, gender identity, race, religion, color, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, age or disability . Kroll Just posted original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Kroll in Atlanta, GA Data Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kroll Kroll 59 reviews Kroll is a corporate investigations and risk consulting firm based in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1972. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
