
 
 
 
 Computer Scientist - Senior - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Scientist - Senior Preting, LLC Washington, DC Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Description 
 Job Title:  Senior Computer Scientist (Analytic Efficiency) (Part-time) 
 
Location:  National Capital Region (NCR) 
 
Security Clearance Required:  Top Secret (TS) with SCI and CI Poly (or willing to obtain a CI Poly) 
 
 
Job Description 
 
Preting is seeking exceptionally qualified individuals to serve as Computer Scientists at the Senior level to support the Defense Resources Infrastructure (DRI) Office. The Senior Computer Scientist uses mathematics, statics, information science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, network science, probability modeling, data mining, data engineering, data warehousing, data compression, data protection, and / or other scientific techniques to correlate complex, technical findings into graphical, written, visual and verbal narrative products on trends of existing intelligence data to leverage other IC data sources. 
 
Job Responsibilities 
 
 Develops and utilizes machine learning and data mining algorithms, including, but not limited to, Multiple Information Model Synthesis Architecture (MIMOSA) prediction algorithms based on open-source capabilities. 
 Integrates or codes algorithms to support Government intelligence search and discovery missions. 
 Makes best-practice recommendations on managing data within hardware, software, storage, and bandwidth constraints. 
 Implements data science techniques to support predictive analysis, social media and crowd-source data analytics, wargaming and strategy development. 
 Employs exploratory analysis and rapid iteration techniques of large volumes of data to quickly derive intelligence. 
 Prepares products to describe and document findings and activities. 
 Ability to communicate understanding from information that may be incomplete, indirect, highly complex, seemingly unrelated, and / or technically advanced. 
 Structure analysis based on trends in reporting and a range of analytic perspectives from other analysts, organizations, and intelligence disciplines. 
 Collaborate and work with other IC members on Information Sharing, driving collection, and addressing analytic disputes and conflict resolution. 
 Develop concise, insightful and comprehensive products for defense intelligence. 
 Ability to lead teams in researching multifaceted or critical problems. 
 Provides guidance in selecting, designing, and applying analytic methodologies. 
 Uses argument evaluation and validated analytic methodologies to challenge differing perspectives. 
 Perform qualitative and quantitative analytic methodologies and pursue developments in academia or other fields that affect tradecraft methodology. 
 Define comprehensive, new, or unique research approaches that enable rigorous assessments to address and contribute to high-level tasks. 
 Conduct in-depth analysis of analytic operations and knowledge management issues across organizational and intra-IC boundaries and clearly articulates key findings. 
 Review analytic products for cogent arguments, tradecraft standards, and adequate support for conclusions; routinely tests analytic rigor of analytic products. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Active Top Secret (TS) with SCI security clearance and CI Poly (or willing to obtain a CI Poly). 
 Must meet one of the following:
 Have a minimum of twelve (12) years of relevant experience and a related Master’s Degree from an accredited college/university (with at least a portion of the experience within the last two (2years) 
 Must have at least seventeen (17) years of related experience (with a portion of the experience within the last two (2) years) in lieu of a Master’s Degree. 
 Demonstrates ability to work independently with minimal oversight and direction. 
 Have in-depth knowledge and understanding of the labor category activities required to meet mission requirements. 
 The physical demands described below are representative of those that may need to be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position:
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or listen. 
 The employee is frequently required to walk; use hand to handle or feel and reach with hands and arms. 
 The employee is occasionally required to stand and may occasionally lift and/or move up to 30 pounds. 
 The employee must successfully complete all medical examinations required by the client, including for any temporary duty or full-time deployment as required. 
 Preting Consulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants are granted the same consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other federally protected class. Preting, LLC 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Preting in Washington, DC Computer Scientist salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Preting, LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
