
 
 
 
 Clinical Applications Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Clinical Applications Specialist TeraRecon, Inc. Remote Remote About the Company 
 TeraRecon is a leader in advanced visualization and artificial intelligence solutions. Our flagship product, Intuition, is the market share leader for radiology and cardiology advanced visualization. Our AI division was awarded the best new radiology vendor for 2018 and nominated for best new software in 2019 by readers of industry news leader, AuntMinnie. Further, we were recently named the 2020 KLAS Category Leader for Advanced Visualization. We are committed to redefining advanced visualization by leveraging machine learning and improving radiology workflows through personalized automation that increases efficiency. TeraRecon is a privately-held global company with its world headquarters in Durham, NC, and major offices in Tokyo, Japan; Frankfurt, Germany; Fremont, CA and Acton, MA. While our employees are located across the world, we work as one company, functionally-aligned, and goal-driven. TeraRecon’s transparency and collaborative work environment foster an energetic and inviting culture. 
 
 The Opportunity
 TeraRecon’s growth is due in large part to our highly sophisticated products and services. By offering some of the most advanced user-friendly healthcare solutions fueled with our innovative AI technology, we can continue our growth by commercializing relevant products that exceed our customer’s expectations. Terarecon will continue its dedication to the development of clinically relevant and outcome-focused healthcare solutions utilizing skilled and innovative thinkers and doers who can build and execute using tools and processes for optimal product delivery. 
 About the Position 
 We are looking for a Clinical Application Specialist/Customers Success Manager to join our Customer Success Team. TeraRecon’s Customer Success team engages our corporate customers to drive adoption and demonstrate ongoing value of our entire suite of software and tools. This critical function is responsible for onboarding new customers by engaging executive teams in the launch, driving ongoing adoption, and managing renewals. It works with the rest of the TeraRecon organization to uncover new ways to make TeraRecon a part of everyday life for our customers and to help grow and improve our product. If you are dedicated and ambitious, TeraRecon is an excellent place to grow your career. 
 
 The position is a remote US employee. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 Establish clear retention goals and process milestones for the client to work towards. 
 Drive retention and growth among our most valuable customers by understanding their business needs and helping them succeed. 
 Enable successful roll-out of TeraRecon to customer employees, including sharing and developing relevant creative assets, performing quarterly business reviews, training and health checks virtually at least 3x/year and onsite at least 1x/year. 
 Optimize existing processes within the company and actively enhance all customer success initiatives. 
 Review customer complaints and concerns and engage the appropriate TeraRecon staff to help resolve any issues.
 Seek to improve all aspects of the customer experience with TeraRecon.
 Maintain a cadence of communicating with customers about their adoption trends, sentiment, while mining for deeper engagement and sales opportunities. 
 Promote an energetic fan base for products and locate TeraRecon ambassadors to the products’ benefits and values. Identify opportunities for customers to act as TeraRecon advocates (e.g. testimonials, case studies).
 Collaborate closely with Sales to support pilot customers, renewals, and expansion opportunities. 
 Marshall resources across the TeraRecon organization as needed to support customers’ needs. 
 Represent the voice of the customer to inform our sales process and product roadmap. 
 Act as a trusted advisor to our large customers and ensure their success. 
 Help customers achieve business value and get the most out of their investment with TeraRecon. 
 Drive increased value, retention, and customer satisfaction. 
 Expand the TeraRecon footprint across the assigned organizations. 
 Deliver and communicate ROI for our clients, throughout the customer lifecycle. 
 Perform pre-sales demonstrations and customer training for TeraRecon’s full application suite. 
 Train clinicians on all levels on imaging post-processing techniques and available AI. 
 Have expert level knowledge of all TeraRecon product. 
 Travel to current or prospective customer sites, luminary sites, trade shows and symposia as needed to perform presentations or training, participate in clinical research projects and/or capture customer product feedback. 
 Work with the product management and engineering teams to help guide the development of new features or enhancements and modify current features by being the voice of the customer. 
 Work closely with product management team on localization of clinical assessment and needs as required.
 Work with customers and the TeraRecon team to keep attrition below max threshold, meet specific growth and sales passthrough goals quarterly and yearly.
 Perform pre-sales demonstration and customer training for all TeraRecon products. 
 Train clinicians on all levels of imaging post-processing techniques 
 Have expert level knowledge of all TeraRecon products 
 Provide Support for TeraRecon’s luminary, reference, strategic sites, and any sites enrolled in the customer success management program 
 Design, configure and optimize data and clinical workflows for the company products deployed at customer sites 
 Provide application assistance and support to end users 
 Test and investigate all clinical related issues 
 Travel to customer sites, luminary sites, prospective customer sites, trade shows, and/or symposia to perform above mentioned functions, as deemed necessary by TeraRecon 
 
 Qualifications: 
 ARRT Certified with 8+ years of practical hands on CT or MR experience, working in a clinical environment (hospital, imaging center, etc.) 
 Minimum of two or more years of experience on TeraRecon software 
 Minimum of two or more years leading and facilitating training 
 Experience with Customer Success, Relationship Management, Account Management, or similar role is preferred 
 Experience working with large complex, multi-divisional and multi-geographical customers and enterprises preferred. 
 Exceptional communication skills, highly organized, collaborative and detail oriented 
 Experience building and maintaining relationships, while working to mitigate, churn and drive engagement and renewals. 
 Proficient in medical terminology and concepts. 
 Working knowledge of electronic health records and systems, PACS systems, and the ability to work with a variety of systems, programs and software applications. 
 Empathetic, positive attitude with a desire to help our customers reach their goals. 
 Results-driven mentality, with a bias for speed and action. 
 Strong analytical skills, with the ability to translate data into insights.
 Deep understanding of customers concerns and thoughts regarding the use of products, and the ability to troubleshoot as needed.
 Passion for technology and for being a part of a fast-growing organization. 
 Strong work ethic with comfort in a dynamic environment where you are expected to move quickly and wear many hats. 
 
 Education: 
 AART License; Bachelor’s Degree preferred. 
 
 Salary:  Depending on qualifications and experience. 
 Benefits:  Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, LTD, STD, Section 125, and 401K 
 
 TeraRecon is an equal opportunity employer and a Federal subcontractor. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or veteran status. For more information, please refer to the “ EEO is the Law ” poster. TeraRecon, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at TeraRecon in Remote Application Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TeraRecon, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
