
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Seattle, WA 98121 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Highspot 2 reviews Seattle, WA 98121 Highspot 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Highspot 
Highspot helps sales teams improve customer conversations and achieve their revenue goals. From content optimization and performance analytics to in-context training, guided selling, and more, the Highspot platform delivers enterprise-ready features in a modern design that sales reps and marketers love. Using Highspot, marketing leaders have deep insights and analytics into the performance and influenced revenue of content, campaigns, and marketing assets. What makes the solution special? It’s loved by sales reps globally, and is the #1 rated sales enablement platform on G2 Crowd. 
We are committed to diversity as both a moral and business imperative. 
About the Role
 We are invested in growing early-career developers who are excited to learn and contribute to various projects in Highspot teams. Our Accelerate engineers will be contributing to projects in our various feature areas, such as Content and Guidance, Product Platform, Pitch, Engagement, and Training. 
We are a community of engineers working at the intersection of business software, artificial intelligence, and great design. We are looking to complement our engineering team with a Software Developer. As a Highspot Software Developer, you will be responsible for all aspects of the software lifecycle – including feature design, architecture, implementation, testing, monitoring, and diagnostics. 
This is a role that works closely with Product Management, Design, Front End, Engineering, Back End Engineering, and Technical Project Management teams. 
Some of the technologies that we use include JavaScript, React, Backbone, Underscore, and jQuery, as well as HTML5 and CSS3, Ruby, Clojure, MongoDB, and Solr. 
 
 What You'll Do 
Structured Onboarding, knowledge sharing across different teams, and technical product deep-dive, and hands-on learning of tech stack in Highspot 
Ongoing training and learning activities such as in Frontend stack, and problem-solving sessions in JavaScript, Ruby and Clojure 
Shadowing and Pair-Programming/Code walk-through 
Understanding and contributing to Highspot tools and ecosystem 
High-impact work to meet crew’s goals and Highspot’s deliverables and opportunity for rotations to work on different crews’ features and projects 
Mentorship from many talented engineers across teams 
Rapid career growth track 
Other essential learnings, such as communication and leadership skills 
Learning with a cohort in a fun and collaborative community 
 
 
Your Background 
An entrepreneurial spirit: you’re agile, creative, resourceful, and tenacious as you solve problems and achieve team and company goals 
B.S./M.S. in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, related technical degree or training, or equivalent industry experience 
 
 
Technical Qualifications 
Comfortable with modern open source technologies and tools 
Basic understanding of HTML, CSS, & JS. React a plus. 
Experience in writing a scripting language like Python or Ruby (Ruby or Clojure is a plus) 
Solid understanding of data structures and algorithms 
Strong problem solving and debugging skills 
 Benefits 
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits 
401(k) Matching 
Paid parental leave 
Flexible work and vacation schedules 
Discounted ClassPass membership 
2 volunteer days per year 
Transportation benefits 
Competitive compensation and stock options 
Fully-stocked kitchen 
Annual company-wide events 
Meaningfully contribute to a compelling vision! 
Equal Opportunity Statement 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, citizenship, color, ethnicity, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or invisible disability status, political affiliation, veteran status, race, religion, or sexual orientation. Highspot 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Highspot in Seattle, WA Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Highspot 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
