
 
 
 
 Technical Escalation Engineer - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Escalation Engineer RingDNA Los Angeles, CA ringDNA, the company that uses AI to help every rep sell like an expert, is led by an award-winning executive leadership team and backed by Goldman Sachs, Bryant Stibel and Palisades Growth Capital. ringDNA was named one of the "Best Places to Work" by BuiltinLA and Comparably. The company was named one of the best privately owned companies in America by Entrepreneur and has been in the JMP Hot 100 for three years running.
 
ringDNA offers talented candidates a chance to work with executive mentors in a rapid growth environment where teammates are passionate about our transformative technology, vibrant culture and collaborative mindset. See why people love working at ringDNA .
 
Who We're Looking For
 
Do you love supporting global 24/7 mission-critical enterprise SaaS applications? Are you passionate about triaging, analyzing, and developing solutions to Level 2 customer issues?
 
If so, join our team as we revolutionize how companies communicate with their customers and prospects. At RingDNA you'll be handling escalated support cases for a cloud SaaS platform dedicated to the operation, security, and real-time synthesis of data communication channels, structured and unstructured data, product analytics, and artificial intelligence capabilities. RingDNA delivers groundbreaking sales communications technology to some of the world's best companies, and you'll be part of the team keeping our users happy and productive.
 
How We'll Support You
 
You'll be working closely with Customer Support and Success, Data, Product Management, DevOps, and Engineering teams, harnessing the collective brainpower around user experience, product enhancements, infrastructure, specifications, data analytics, and configuration to identify and provide solutions to often technically demanding and time-critical customer requests. With company-wide visibility and support for your efforts, the Support Escalation Engineering role is an exciting and rewarding place to be at ringDNA.
 
Duties in Detail
 
Taking ownership of Level 2 support issues
 Be willing to learn how each of the products work and their features
 Working hard to solve customer problems while delighting them along the way
 Continually researching and learning about the current and future best practices of using ringDNA
 Collaborating with our Product Management and Engineering Teams to build new features and fix bugs
 Driving product and process improvements to reduce support costs
 Working with remote/offshore developers as needed
 Using JIRA to communicate and coordinate progress
 Creating or updating documentation based on customer interactions
 Participating in our hiring processes by reviewing applications, assessments, and in interviews
 
Candidate Requirements
 
5+ years in support or other service-oriented customer facing role in a SaaS organization.
 Worked at one company for at least 2 years in the last 5 years.
 Methodical, empirical approach to solving customer challenges with a track record of successfully resolving technical issues.
 Experienced in managing cases throughout the entire support lifecycle from initial customer inquiry to triage and reproduction, writing bug reports for hand off to the development team, and case resolution.
 Able to communicate complex technical topics to customers and coworkers of varying technical skill levels.
 Experience being on-call:  jumping into complex situations, making sense of them, and communicating clearly to stakeholders what's going on.
 Comfortable using support platforms such as Salesforce.
 Ability to thrive and adapt to rapidly evolving products and market. RingDNA 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Engineer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at RingDNA in Los Angeles, CA Technical Engineer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RingDNA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
