
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Specialist - College Station, TX 77845 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Specialist Lynntech, Inc. College Station, TX 77845 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Lynntech is hiring an Artificial Intelligence specialist to develop new solutions for unsolved or frontier challenges in this domain. The candidate should have, preferably, at least 2 years of previous experience in this field, such as an R&D position in industry or government, a MS in Computer Science with focus on AI technologies, or an industry position in this field. The candidate must have in-depth experience in at least one of the following areas (share your work or previous projects if you can). 
Deep Learning and Neural Networks, such as detectors, classifiers, GANs, Reinforcement Learning, style transfer, and related algorithms or architectures. 
Programming and Software Engineering with a strong focus on Artificial Intelligence algorithms and methods. 
Experience in developing AI solutions for any of the following domains: Computer vision, Medical Image processing, Geo-spatial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing (NLP) or Signal Processing. 
AI Explainability methods, Adversarial Examples, and evaluation of AI algorithm performance. 
The candidate must be able to provide evidence of being either a U.S. citizen or U.S. permanent resident at the time of application to meet contract requirements. The following additional qualifications are also very desirable and would help in differentiating candidates: 
BS or MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, or related disciplines. 
Training and validation of models in TensorFlow/Keras, or Pytorch for AI applications. 
Experience in programming, algorithm analysis, and best coding practices. 
Proficiency with C and C++ to enable fluid communication with the Engineering team. 
Platform agnostic: should be able to work with Microsoft Windows, Linux, or MacOS. 
Strong technical writing and presentation skills. 
The candidate will be hired to support our Intelligent Systems unit. We rely on a high level of technical competence and efficiency within our team and we are looking for motivated, skilled, independent and talented, innovators to join us in developing advanced solutions for our customers. 
In addition to working with a highly capable team of scientists and engineers, qualified applicants will have the opportunity to interact with industrial and government customers and collaborators. Therefore, being able to present results, communicate a challenge, or advocate for a solution is important. 
Lynntech's core values are Creativity, Execution, and Collaboration. Our scientists and engineers interact to solve interdisciplinary challenges, often at the intersection of different technical domains. We operate in a very collaborative multi-disciplinary environment, to generate, plan, and execute highly innovative solutions. Our team develops systems to provide actionable information by transforming and analyzing data, often in challenging application environments. Intelligent systems perceive, analyze, structure, and interpret information, interacting with other systems or users to meet critical mission objectives in the field. Our team uses AI, state-of-the-art electro-optical/infrared, embedded navigation systems, human-machine interfaces, and other resources to solve real-world problems such as search and rescue, analysis of geospatial data to provide actionable intelligence, terrain monitoring, disaster recovery, computer vision for autonomous vehicles, assistive technologies for disabled users, data analytics, natural language processing, and mobile computing for Internet of Things (IoT) applications.
 Interested candidates are encouraged to apply online at www.lynntech.com. Lynntech is an Equal Opportunity Employer/M/F/Vet/Disabled. Lynntech, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Intelligence Specialist jobs in College Station, TX Jobs at Lynntech in College Station, TX Intelligence Specialist salaries in College Station, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lynntech, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
