
 
 
 
 Computer Vision Scientist - Culver City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Vision Scientist Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Culver City, CA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 PhD or equivalent Master's Degree plus 4+ years of experience in CS, CE, ML or related field 
 2+ years of experience of building machine learning models for business application 
 Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language 
 
Do you want to join Amazon Studios AI team – the team that is at the forefront of inventing new visual media technologies to provide incredible experiences to audiences around the world? Do you want to invent/leverage cutting-edge deep-learning/machine-learning algorithms to build innovative solutions most people cannot yet imagine?
 
If your answers to these questions are “yes”, then come and join us at Amazon Studios AI, that is leveraging the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence to create a new way of watching video content. We expect our solution to disrupt the media and entertainment industry and delight audiences around the world. We are looking for talented and ambitious teammates who will Think Big with us. If you have a passion for groundbreaking technology, please join us and be part of this exciting, newly funded and fast-growing project.
 
On our team, you will partner with top AI scientists, software engineers, product managers, and others. You will be joining on the ground floor and will grow with our team all the way through to our expected launch. You will be expected to:
 
 Build state-of-the art computer vision solutions using approaches such as CNN, LSTM, GAN, etc. 
 Build 2D/3D face/body models in time series domain. 
 Research, invent and implement novel deep learning architectures/algorithms as part of building a disruptive product. 
 Work in a collaborative environment with other scientists, engineers, product managers and others. 
 Proficiency in Python and C++. 
 Hands-on experience working in computer vision and machine learning using models and methods such as CNN, LSTM, GAN, etc. 
 Proficiency in using Computer Vision and Deep Learning toolkits. 
 Experience in 2D/3D domains (time series, object tracking etc.) 
 Proven ability to design, implement and operate large projects at scale. 
 Strongly motivated by entrepreneurial projects and experienced in collaboratively working with a diverse team of engineers, analysts, operations personnel and business management in achieving superior results. 
 Strong ability in problem solving and driving for results. 
 Experience with related AWS services and large datasets. 
 Experience in designing and implementing new methods in new application areas. 
 Strong personal interest in learning, researching, and creating new technologies with high customer impact. 
 Strong communication and data presentation skills. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Culver City, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Culver City, CA Computer Scientist salaries in Culver City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
