
 
 
 
 Data Modeler - Charlotte, NC 28201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Modeler Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Charlotte, NC 28201 Remote Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Cognizant (NASDAQ:  CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.
 
Data Modeler- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*
 
AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice
 
This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights
 
 Location and Travel:  Charlotte, NC or REMOTE
 
Translate business requirements into data models (conceptual, logical, and physical) to support big data platform solutions
 
Work with the Application Development team to implement data strategies, build data flows and develop conceptual data models
 
Create and manage logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality, reduce redundancy and optimize performance
 Designs logical enterprise-wide data models, Provides support for master data management, logical data, quality system development, implementation, and maintenance.
 Makes recommendations for process improvements in order to support data integrity efforts.
 
Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.
 
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  May 13 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Modeler jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in Charlotte, NC Data Modeler salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cognizant Technology Solutions Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients'​ business, operating an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
