
 
 
 
 ASIC Digital Design Engineer, Staff - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Digital Design Engineer, Staff Synopsys 261 reviews Mountain View, CA Synopsys 261 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 29062BR 
 USA - California - Mountain View/Sunnyvale
 Job Description and Requirements 
 At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
 
Our Silicon IP business is all about integrating more capabilities into an SoC—faster. We offer the world’s broadest portfolio of silicon IP—predesigned blocks of logic, memory, interfaces, analog, security, and embedded processors. All to help customers integrate more capabilities. Meet unique performance, power, and size requirements of their target applications. And get differentiated products to market quickly with reduced risk. 
 
 Senior ASIC Digital Design Engineer 
 
 Job Responsibilities 
Understand Standard Specifications/ the functional specifications/ feature enhancements for the product and create micro-architecture and detailed design documents for some of the components of the design with medium complexity. 
Be an individual contributor in the Design Tasks – RTL coding of design, debug, verification coverage improvement in the directed Verilog Test Bench, etc. 
Create/ work on designs using Low Power Design Methodology and automotive safety 
Need to understand Standard Specifications/ the functional specifications/ feature enhancements for the product and create micro-architecture and detailed design documents for some of the components functions/ product features for the DesignWare family of synthesizable cores in protocol areas such as AMBA (AMBA2, AXI, CHI)/ SD/eMMC/DDR/PCIe/Ethernet/ USB/ MIPI 
Creates deliverables which do not require close review or supervision by a Senior Technical Lead. 
Do technical review of Functional specification, micro-architecture and RTL Code. 
The candidate should be able to analyse the coverage metrics and improve them with definition of additional test cases in directed environment, for features of the protocol/ product specs. 
The candidate will work in a project and team-oriented environment with teams spread across multiple sites, worldwide. 
Key Qualifications 
Has a strong desire to learn and explore new technologies.
 Demonstrates good analysis and problem-solving skills.
 Possesses a full understanding of specialization area plus working knowledge of multiple related areas.
 Independently resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways on a regular basis.
 Customarily exercises independent judgment in selecting methods and techniques to obtain solutions.
 Performs in project leadership role.
 Contributes to complex aspects of a project.
 Determines and develops approach to solutions.
 Work is independent and collaborative in nature.
 Provides regular updates to manager on project status.
 Represents the organization on business unit and/or company-wide projects.
 Guides more junior peers with aspects of their job.
 Frequently networks with senior internal and external personnel in own area of expertise. 
 
Preferred Experience 
Typically requires a minimum of 5+ years of related experience.
 Prior knowledge and experience of CAD tool usage are required. 
 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Engineering
 Country 
 United States
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Digital Designer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Synopsys in Mountain View, CA Digital Designer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 261 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
