
 
 
 
 Dev Manager - Des Plaines, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Dev Manager Capgemini 8,227 reviews Des Plaines, IL Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Proven ability to work with onshore and offshore teams. 
The ideal candidate should have a strong development background with recent management experience. 
Ability to work with Project Managers and others in the context of larger projects to ensure coordination of delivery; clear communication with stake holders; represent the development team to non-development professionals; obtain feedback back to the team; to represent the development team to external development organizations (counterparts). 
Scheduling Establishment of schedules, Sprint management, reporting on schedule, ensure visibility and transparency, ensure successful deployment and delivery. 
Expert knowledge of agile methodologies. 
Good knowledge of process development and release management 
Strong experience in team collaboration 
Expert knowledge of all phases of the SDLC 
Excellent written and verbal skills 
Deep understanding of business and technical processes and how they support clients? business 
Desire to grow yourself and others 
Ability to independently make decisions in the context of a larger strategic vision. 
Team player where not afraid to jump on issues for quick resolutions 
API experience is a MUST 
Cloud experience a plus 
Apigee experience is a plus 
Financial experience is a plus 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Des Plaines, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Des Plaines, IL Developer salaries in Des Plaines, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
