
 
 
 
 Data Analyst - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Analyst Robin Healthcare 26 reviews Texas Remote Robin Healthcare 26 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Robin Healthcare is a tech-healthcare startup with a mission to transform our healthcare system from its very core: the doctor-patient encounter. We marry medical scribing with the Robin Assistant™, our proprietary smart device, to produce the highest quality medical notes for our physicians so they can focus their attention on patients, not paperwork.
 THE COMPANY:  Robin Healthcare is transforming our health system from its very core, the doctor-patient exam. We marry medical scribing with the latest in speech-to-text and artificial intelligence to produce the highest quality medical notes for our physicians more efficiently than ever before. With Robin's HIPAA compliant service, physicians are freed to focus on the patient, improving care and outcomes, while you learn how real care is provided.
 
 POSITION PURPOSE:  The primary goal of a data analyst specialist is to assist the entire operations team with updating and developing operational dashboards. These dashboards assist every team from hiring, training, scribe management to sales, accounts, and onboards. In some cases, this will include assembling data to facilitate more quantitative decision making across the org. In other cases, the information will be aggregated or distributed to assist in operational workflows.
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Reconcile and troubleshoot existing operational dashboards and spreadsheets
 
Improve the resiliency of existing operational dashboards with smarter queries
 
Work with automation team to aggregate data and trigger automation workflows
 
Build new quantitative and workflow dashboards
 
Collaborate with different operations and engineering teams to understand and define needs
 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Strong quantitative and qualitative thinker
 
Strong Systems Thinker
 
Quick to pick up new skills
 
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
 
Able to Prioritize Work Efficiently and Effectively
 
Advanced Google Sheets/Excel Ability
 
Advanced SQL Ability
 
Able to work in a fast-paced setting
 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Previous experience working with Financials
 
Previous experience setting up Data Infrastructure (AWS, PostgresSQL, BigQuery)
 
Previous Startup Experience or history of working on an analytical and/or development team
 
Intermediate Javascript, Python, MongoDB
 
Experience with Zapier or other third-party automations
 
Location
 Austin, Texas
 
Department
 Operations
 
Employment Type
 Full-Time
 
Minimum Experience
 Entry-level
 
Compensation
 DOE
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer:  Successful applicants must be eligible to work in the US (visa sponsorship is not provided at this time) and must be able to pass a pre-employment background test. Robin Healthcare is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Robin Healthcare 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Analyst jobs in Texas Jobs at Robin Healthcare in Texas Data Analyst salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from Robin Healthcare Robin Healthcare 26 reviews Robin Healthcare is transforming our health system from its very core, the doctor-patient exam.  We marry medical scribing with the lates... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
