
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Applied AI - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Applied AI OpenAI San Francisco, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the API team, a core group who work to bring OpenAI's technology to the world in partnership with other organizations. 
 
We are looking for a self starter engineer who loves building and running production systems. In this role, you will build the systems that power a breadth of production ML use cases. You’ll also work closely with and directly accelerate machine learning researchers, but don't need to be a machine learning expert yourself. We value people who can quickly obtain a deep technical understanding of new domains, and enjoy being self-directed and identifying the most important problems to solve. 
We look for a track record of the following: 
Experience designing, implementing, and running production services. 
Comfort managing and monitoring infrastructure deployments. 
Willingness to debug problems across the stack, such as networking issues, performance problems, or memory leaks. 
Experience with high-performance computing or infrastructure orchestration tools are a bonus. 
You might be a good fit if you: 
Are self-directed and enjoy figuring out the most important problem to work on. 
Own problems end-to-end, and are willing to pick up whatever knowledge you're missing to get the job done. 
Know your way around a Unix shell. 
Build tools to accelerate your own workflows, but only when off-the-shelf solutions would not do. 
Have been a startup founder or an early-stage engineer. 
Enjoy fast paced work environment with tight feedback loops. 
On this team you will be expected to balance building new components while improving the foundation on which it all runs. The codebase is currently a mix of Go and Python. Our services run on multiple Kubernetes clusters, and the clusters are versioned in Terraform. We always aim to deploy reliable systems with low error rates and redundancy built in. We’re only getting started building the API, and would like you to join to help build the rest of it! 
 
About OpenAI 
 
 We’re building safe Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), and ensuring it leads to a good outcome for humans. We believe that unreasonably great results are best delivered by a highly creative group working in concert. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 
 This position is subject to a background check for any convictions directly related to its duties and responsibilities. Only job-related convictions will be considered and will not automatically disqualify the candidate. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
 
 Benefits 
 Health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family
 Unlimited time off (we encourage 4+ weeks per year)
 Parental leave
 Flexible work hours
 Lunch and dinner each day
 401(k) plan OpenAI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at OpenAI in San Francisco, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from OpenAI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
