
 
 
 
 Software Development Engineer - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Engineer Microsoft 7,121 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft continues to expand its efforts in artificial intelligence with a focus on building an Intelligent Cloud and Intelligent Edge. The Artificial Intelligence and Research (AI+R) division is chartered with ensuring that Microsoft remains at the forefront of AI technologies. 
 
As a new and fast-growing team within this organization, we are applying our best AI research and engineering capabilities to new customer solutions. While there has been a lot of progress in the areas of languages and perception in the field of artificial intelligence, we are only starting to scratch the surface in other areas like autonomous systems (drones, robots etc.) 
 
Our vision is to lead the autonomous systems tidal wave, empowering intelligence within drones, robots, industrial control systems, etc. Our cloud-based solution uses machine teaching and reinforcement learning techniques. If you are looking to join a team that is on the cutting edge of AI and cloud distributed systems and in a quickly growing market segment with the potential to be the next billion dollar business, this may be the opportunity you’re looking for. 
 
This is a new business area and team members will have an opportunity to work closely with early customers as we define the product, refine its features, and generalize it to support many vertical industries. 
 
We are looking for a passionate software developer who has a strong background and interest in cloud services/distributed systems and loves to develop new technologies that can be deployed to users worldwide. Even if you do not have previous AI experience, this will be a great learning opportunity in a fun-filled and driven team where you will get to work with experts in MSR and product teams across Azure to realize our vision. 
 
We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse team! To that end, we strongly encourage and welcome applications from qualified engineers of all backgrounds. 
 
We look forward to hearing from you! 
Responsibilities 
Architect, build and operate a new cloud service for autonomous systems. 
Work with diverse teams in Azure such as Compute, Service Fabric, Kubernetes, ML, etc. to make the right technology bets and tradeoffs. 
Work closely with other sister teams and research to ensure we build a cohesive product that delights our customers and makes a difference in the market. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualification 
2+ years of professional experience designing, implementing, and shipping a cloud service 
3+ years of professional experience coding in C#/C++, Python or Java 
Preferred Qualifications 
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or another related technical field 
1+ years of professional experience with containers, Kubernetes and/or similar technology 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Software Engineer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
