
 
 
 
 Senior Backend Engineer - Denver, CO 80202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Backend Engineer Verizon 28,827 reviews Denver, CO 80202 Verizon 28,827 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $115,100 - $213,700 a year Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 Verizon is serious about innovation. About being the first and being the best. We are building a future using technologies like 5G, Mobile Edge Computing and Artificial Intelligence that are allowing us to create products that were previously impossible. We’re building tomorrow with the best of today. 5G Disruption is an entrepreneurial team within Verizon's Corporate Strategy & New Business Incubation organization, tasked with seeding the next generation of net-new software businesses for Verizon above the network layer. We're leveraging the power of our networks to create entirely new B2B products and solutions that push beyond our connectivity capabilities and have the potential to create transformational new growth vectors for Verizon. 
As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be solving deep technical problems and building innovative solutions in a fast-paced environment working with smart and passionate team members. You must have hands-on experience building scalable services. Your responsibilities will include participating in the overarching solution, working closely with software engineering teams to bridge key technical relationships, and driving projects towards success. You will work closely with product owners, additional stakeholders and software engineering teams to develop high-quality software. You will be detail oriented, self-directed, self-motivated, with a strong capacity for working successfully and collaboratively with members across the organization. You will need to be independent, self- driven, self-organizing and hungry for learning. 
Design, build, and support our next-generation product/platform APIs. 
Ensure that code adheres to defined standards and best practices for performance, speed, scalability, and quality. 
Practice Agile development methods and exemplify core Agile values of transparency, collaboration, acceptance of change, and iterative development. 
Routinely deliver working software solutions that meet user story acceptance criteria. 
Learn from, collaborate with, and mentor team members. 
Facilitate technical conflict resolution with active listening and critical thinking. 
Serve as a technical lead and hands on builder of our new product initiatives. 
Ensure the quality of architecture and design of systems. 
Fully and completely understand system interdependencies and limitations. 
Effectively research and benchmark technology against other competing systems in the industry. 
Contribute intellectual property through patents. 
Assist in the career development of others, actively mentoring individuals and the community on advanced technical issues and helping managers guide the career growth of their team members. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Even better if you have: 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. 
Master's degree. 
Six or more years of software engineering experience, including Java and/or related languages. 
Significant experience in networking, multi-threaded applications, inter-process communication, and complex software development. 
Significant experience in building high-performance, highly-available and scalable distributed systems (caching, messaging, asynchronicity, ETL, etc.) 
Software polyglot experience. 
Experience with AI, ML, and CV technologies, tools, and techniques. 
Experience designing, building and managing Internet-scale APIs. 
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes. 
Experience with edge computing paradigms. 
Ability and willingness to learn new technologies quickly. 
Ability to work in a highly collaborative Agile team. 
Demonstrated aptitude and desire to learn new skills. 
Written and verbal communication skills. 
Ability to embrace change and work in a fast paced, iterative environment. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $115,100 and $213,700  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Back End Developer jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Verizon in Denver, CO Back End Developer salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,827 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
