
 
 
 
 System Engineer - Southfield, MI 48033 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Engineer Capgemini 8,227 reviews Southfield, MI 48033 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Discuss customers AFC requirements and cascade them to the internal subject matter experts: System, Program Manager and Hardware/software design team 
Confirm the team is committed and has concrete action plan to close any gap. Gather all necessary evidences to close all open items within pre-defined quality scope and time. 
Analyze applicable AFC industry standards (ASPICE, ISO 26262, ISO/SAE 21434..) to deliver the work package with the highest standard and quality targets. 
Develop and maintain well-defined engineer process to achieve in-house and customer driven AFC targets. 
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to achieve internal and external audits process targets. 
Collaborate with program management to identify customer AFC deliverable dates for assigned projects, confirm other internal stakeholders have closed or have action plan to close any open items within the time agreed. 
Regularly collaborate with local and global AFC team to align on internal and customers quality guidelines/requirements. 
Develop process flow documentation and milestone tracking tools; establish file sharing database. 
Identify and implement AFC best practice/lesson-learned. 
Prepare training materials for System and Product design team members, as well as customer. 
Support any relevant tasks as assigned. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Southfield, MI Jobs at Capgemini in Southfield, MI System Engineer salaries in Southfield, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
