
 
 
 
 Pre-License Trainer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Pre-License Trainer Sitel United States Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 About Sitel Group® 
As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. 
 
With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 
 Who Are We Looking For? 
 
 Must have experience with any insurance licensed work. Ability to manage challenging trainees while remaining in control. At least 2 years of customer service or technical support experience coaching and mentoring other associates, preferably in a complex, fast-paced contact center environment. Prior experience teaching adult curriculum and monitoring student success. Training background in a like field is a plus. Four-year college degree or equivalent directly related work experience. 
 
 What Are We Looking For in You? 
 
 Creates learning experiences that equip new and long-term associates to excel in their work environments through expert classroom instruction, on-floor mentoring and one-to-one skills coaching. Modifies and presents training programs for representatives/agents. Tracks and analyzes training programs by examining agent performance. Recommends changes to training programs. Conducts training programs for representatives/agents and first-line supervisors on new products/services, selling skills and/or system changes. 
 
 What Should You Expect From Us? 
 
 Tons of growth opportunity (93% of our non-agent positions are filled internally) A leadership team that hears your voice; we know that when we WORK Together we can accomplish so much more Access to some pretty cool tools and resources A feeling of accomplishment when you WOW Customers Ongoing training designed to improve customer experience and business performance Fun team environment where we work hard to Build TRUST every single day 
 
 A few more perks you’ll enjoy: 
 
 A suite of benefits which include medical, dental, and vision Free virtual doctor visits (medical plan enrollment required) Diabetes assistance program 401k - Sitel will match 100% of the first 3% and 50% on the next 2% you contribute to the plan, all company match is 100% vested! Sitel Scholarship Educational Program (plus discounts for your family) Sitel Employee Discounts for your favorite brands We even have Pet Insurance! 
 
So what are you waiting for? Be BOLD and apply now! 
 We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position and we look forward to speaking with you soon to discuss your qualifications. Sitel 22 days ago original job Report job Trainer jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Trainer salaries in United States Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
