
 
 
 
 Manager, IT Business Analysis - Reporting & Data Insights - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, IT Business Analysis - Reporting & Data Insights Teach For America 413 reviews Remote Remote Teach For America 413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description THE ROLE
 As the Manager of Business Analysis, you will have the opportunity to work on organization-wide information technology (IT) projects that support the work of Data and Reporting teams across Teach For America, including but not limited to working with the Enterprise Business Intelligence (EBI) and Artificial Intelligence Engineering (AIE) teams. You will work to understand users’ needs, document their pain points, provide solutions, training, and support to users. The ideal candidate will be passionate about data analysis and data quality, have the ability to learn quickly, and an interest in the impact technology can have on accelerating work towards our mission.
 THE ORGANIZATION
 There are more than 16 million children growing up in poverty in the U.S., and less than 10 percent of them will graduate from college. These statistics are not a reflection of our children’s potential; we know that children growing up in poverty can and do achieve at the highest levels. Rather, these statistics reflect the systemic lack of access and opportunity for children in low-income communities.
 Teach For America’s (TFA) mission is to find, develop, and support a diverse network of leaders committed to expanding opportunity for children from classrooms, schools, and every sector and field that shapes the broader systems in which schools operate. We are seeking individuals who align with our mission, core values and commitment to Diversity Equity & Inclusiveness and are ready to join us in this global movement.
 THE PERSON
 Participate in the Scrum team assigned to EBI development [25%]
 Participate in the Scrum team assigned to AIE development [15%]
 Assist with the creation and maintenance of the Product Backlog, prioritizing and sequencing the component user stories according to business value [5%]
 Coordinate inputs and tasks required of other business analysts and business stakeholders [10%]
 Assist with development of product roadmaps and communicate project status [10%]
 Contribute to compliance efforts as needed [5%]
 Contribute to research & development efforts to maintain a standard of growth and innovation [10%]
 The Manager, Business Analysis manages relationships with the partner team reporting & analytics stakeholders and their assigned BAs, across the following functions: [20%]
 Development
 Recruitment
 Admissions
 Finance
 Marketing
 Org.-Wide Learning and Strategy
 Human Assets
 Information Technology
 THE MUST HAVES
 Prior Experience
 At least 3-5 years of professional experience, with at least 2-3 years of relevant job experience preferred
 Work Demands
 Some weekend and evening work required
 Skills
 Developing mastery of – or willingness to learn - the discipline of business analysis, including but not limited to elicitation, requirements management and communication, enterprise analysis, requirements analysis, and solution assessment and validation
 Works effectively with internal and external stakeholders
 An internal consultant mindset: able to structure problems independently; cut to the heart of complex topics; identify tactical solutions; find connections across disparate themes
 Able to manage multiple projects and tasks concurrently and prioritize effectively in a fast-paced work environment
 Flexibility and ability to quickly adapt to new information and evolving business needs
 Experience with SQL and principles of object-oriented design
 Is capable of leading root cause analysis across interdependent business processes, disparate data sources, and multiple modes of data integration
 Education
 Certified Scrum Product Owner preferred
 THE TEAM
 We partner with every other team in the organization to create world-class technology solutions that allow us to work more effectively and efficiently toward our mission. To do so, we work with some of the biggest names in technology and leverage the latest software, equipment, and expertise. Our team works hard, but we also have a lot of fun.
 THE PERKS
 By joining staff, you join a network of individuals committed to pursuing equity for all students and developing themselves as professionals in the process. We as an organization value the longevity of our employees and offer a comprehensive and competitive benefits plan. The salary for this position is also competitive and depends on your prior work experience. Please be advised, you will have an opportunity to discuss salary in more detail after you begin the application process.
 TFA does not sponsor candidates for work visas for this position.
 WE ARE DEEPLY COMMITTED TO DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSIVENESS
 In all we do, we act on the following beliefs:
 Diversity is crucial for successful change efforts and is one of Teach For America’s greatest strengths.
 The full potential of our diverse network will be reached only when we are an inclusive community.
 The predictability of success or failure for our students or individuals in our organization should not correlate with any social, cultural or other identity-based factors.
 Teach For America encourages individuals of all ethnic, racial, and socioeconomic backgrounds to apply for this position. We are committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization, as we want to engage all those who can contribute to this effort.
 Teach For America is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, marital status, veteran status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
 *This job description reflects Teach For America's assignment of essential functions and qualifications of the role. Nothing in this herein restricts management's right to assign, reassign or eliminate duties and responsibilities to this role at any time.
 NEXT STEPS
 Interested in this position? Apply now! Scroll down to the bottom of the page to find the link to the online application. If you still have questions regarding the role, feel free to contact our recruitment team at staffing@teachforamerica.org or visit www.teachforamerica.org/about-us/careers .
 THE PERKS
 By joining staff , you join a network of individuals committed to pursuing equity for all students and developing themselves as professionals in the process. We as an organization value the longevity of our employees and offer a comprehensive and competitive benefits plan. The salary for this position is also competitive and depends on your prior work experience. Please be advised, you will have an opportunity to discuss salary in more detail after you begin the application process.
 NEXT STEPS
 Interested in this position? Apply now! Scroll down to the bottom of the page and click Apply. If you still have questions regarding the role, feel free to contact our recruitment team at StaffHiring@teachforamerica.org or visit www.teachforamerica.org/about-us/careers
 Colorado Residents  : If you are based in Colorado, please click here for total rewards information. Teach For America 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Teach For America in Remote IT Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Teach For America Teach For America 413 reviews About us

Teach For America (TFA) is a selective leadership development program that works to address educational inequity. Our members... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
