
 
 
 
 Quality Documentation Specialist- Remote - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Documentation Specialist- Remote Nuance 473 reviews Remote Nuance 473 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary:
 
Nuance Quality Documentation Specialists work nearly in real-time with a physician and their care team to complete documentation of clinic visits. Specialists support healthcare providers and their patients by learning medical documentation and using new technologies to create summaries of patient encounters. Our team saves time for providers by delivering accurate documentation within a couple hours of patient visits. Documentation includes patient histories, exams, radiographic findings, assessments, and treatment plans. Specialists make healthcare functional and efficient by allowing providers to keep their focus on their patients. 
Full Time,  Benefits eligible,  100% Work from Home 
Our team seeks candidates who are passionate about medicine and desire to impact the future of healthcare. We are looking for quick learners who can get up to speed with medical terminology to include anatomy and treatment modalities and strive for continual learning and improvement. Successful candidates will be eager to learn new technology and be open to making changes as new technologies evolve. Training will be provided through our Quality Documentation Specialist training program. 
Responsibilities 
Provide documentation coverage for a set of healthcare providers, which involves listening to audio recordings of patient clinic visits and leveraging technology to summarize medical facts in professional clinical reports (History of Present Illness, Physical Exam, Results, Assessment & Plan). 
Achieve proficiency in navigating EHRs and enter clinical reports and data directly into customer EHRs, adhering to specific clinic guidelines and workflows. 
Maintain a high-quality standard and adhere to account-specific documentation which delineates documentation requirements for our customers. 
Collaborate with managers on feedback from providers and successfully resolve issues. 
Required Qualifications/Experience 
Prior work experience in a professional office setting. 
Familiarity with medical terminology. 
Excellent English professional writing skills; including advanced proficiency in grammar and spelling. 
Excellent listening skills and ability to understand diverse accents and dialects of physicians, their staff, and patients. 
Ability to work independently in a secure and private location with a reliable high-speed internet connection. 
Ability to participate in live video chat and screensharing sessions for training. 
Preferred Qualifications/Experience 
Experience as a medical scribe or a transcriptionist preferred but not required. 
Experience or training in the medical specialty of Oncology, Orthopedics, Neurology, ENT, Cardiology, Ophthalmology, GI, Dermatology, Rheumatology, Family Medicine, Pain Medicine, Nephrology, or Urology preferred but not required. 
Experience with the Microsoft Office 365 or other cloud-based productivity tools. 
Familiarity with Electronic Health Records; Epic, Cerner, or Athena experience is highly preferred. 
 
Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. 
LI Code:
 
#LI-MB1 Nuance 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Document Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Nuance in Remote Document Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 473 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
