
 
 
 
 Senior Consultant, Natural Language AI Services - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Consultant, Natural Language AI Services Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,363 reviews United States Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent professional or military experience 
 8+ years experience of IT platform implementation in a highly technical or analytical role 
 5+ years experience experience in application architecture, database architecture, or networking 
 Experience working with external or internal customers to implement large-scale solutions 
 
Are you passionate about innovating with natural language-based artificial intelligence to streamline the way people interact with technology systems? Do you have the ability to envision unique, cutting-edge solutions that bring together conversational interfaces – voice-based, chat-based, and multi-modal – with systems, devices, and data? Would you like to be part of a team focused on increasing adoption of the AWS platform by engaging with companies and application developers building natural language-based solutions? Do you have a unique combination of deep technical knowledge, business acumen, and strong consulting skills? Do you have the business savvy and the technical background necessary to help further establish AWS as the preferred platform for natural language-based solutions?
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking a leader to work with our customers to craft natural language-based solutions.
 
At AWS, customer obsession is in our DNA. The successful candidate will become a trusted adviser to our customers, and will work with AWS sales, business development, solution architects, and service teams to drive customer adoption and revenue. This will include leading engagements to design and implement customer solutions incorporating AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Polly, Comprehend, Transcribe, Translate, Textract, and Kendra.
 
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
 
 Collaborate with AWS field sales, technical sales, training, and support teams to help partners and customers learn and use AWS platform services including Amazon Lex, Polly, Comprehend, Transcribe, Translate, Textract, and Kendra. 
 Lead engagements with AWS customers to develop and deploy cutting-edge solutions leveraging these AWS services. 
 Evaluate potential customer opportunities and assist in defining and estimating the work to incorporate into proposals and statements of work. 
 Develop trusted relationships with customer CIOs, CTOs, CDOs, IT functional leaders, and business sponsor executives. 
 Drive the creation, adoption, and evolution of reusable customer offerings related to natural language-based solutions and conversational interfaces. 
 Author or contribute to AWS customer-facing publications such as blogs and white papers that advance the state of the art in conversational interfaces. 
 Attract and develop top technical talent for natural language-based technologies, to build high-performing teams of consultants with superior technical depth and outstanding customer relationship skills. 
 Work with AWS service engineering teams to convey partner and enterprise customer feedback as inputs into AWS service roadmaps. Influence roadmap priorities to accelerate customer adoption and value. 
 Work with complex global customers spanning multiple business units. 
 
This is a customer-facing role. When appropriate and safe, you will be required to travel to client locations to deliver professional services when needed.
 
 
 Prior experience in a technical role within a services organization 
 Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences 
 Experience delivering product strategy and consulting services. 
 Ability to understand and articulate business impact of technical decisions 
 Experience working directly with customers, partners or third-party developers 
 Experience managing relationships with customer executives and key business stakeholders 
 A proven track record of managing and delivering large-scale enterprise IT projects 
 Experience using Agile development practices 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including group leadership and executive presentations 
 Customer-facing skills to represent AWS well within the customer’s environment and drive discussions with senior personnel regarding trade-offs, best practices, project management, and risk mitigation 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
 
 For virtual jobs where work can be performed in Colorado: For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at 122,300 yr. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site. 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Consultant jobs in United States Jobs at Amazon Web Services in United States Senior Consultant salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
