
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer AiCure 2 reviews New York State Remote AiCure 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. AiCure is headquartered in New York and has leveraged mobile and cloud-based applications, combined with our latest Artificial Intelligence (Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Data Science) to bring about a better way for pharma & healthcare businesses to deliver to you & me.
 
When patients use our apps, information on their medication intake is reported in various dashboard products, which allow stakeholders to gain insights and to take actions (patient alerts, etc.). Our apps use computer vision to identify the patient (face verification), verify that patients are taking the right medication (pill recognition), and that they are actually taking their medication (action recognition).
 
The Machine Learning Engineer creates and modifies computer programs by converting project requirements into code. This position reports to the Director of AI, Engineering.
 
 Essential Functions/Responsibilities: 
Ensure that all work complies with all applicable Ai Cure policy, procedures and SOP's.
 
Ensure that work adheres to applicable regulations (e.g., HIPPA)
 
Develop and deploy computer vision solutions
 
Provide research and insight regarding direction of computer vision development within the company.
 
Carries multiple projects and or responsibilities
 
Prepare and participate in presentation of code reviews and testing.
 
Mentor and train Jr. Programmers
 
Confirms project requirements by reviewing objectives, data input, and output requirements.
 
Arranges project requirements in programming sequence by analyzing requirements; including where necessary preparing a work flow diagrams using knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, programming language, and logic.
 
Encodes project requirements by converting workflow information into computer program.
 
Confirms program operation by conducting tests; modifying program sequence and/or codes.
 
Prepares reference for users by writing operating instructions.
 
Maintains client confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.
 
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.
 
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
 
Design, develop, and support Ai Cure applications.
 
Develop and program using Python, Java or C++ Linux data servers.
 
Gather and document user requirements/features
 
Define unit and acceptance tests for applications
 
 Required Education & Training: 
Master's-level degree in computer science or computer/electrical engineering. Previous professional experience may be considered in lieu of advanced degree.
 
1-5 years commercial software development experience. Having shipped a commercially viable product highly desirable.
 
Ability to manage and provide tactical and leadership guidance to clinical team.
 
Company directed training related to Quality Management System, Human Subjects, Security and Good Clinical Practice.
 
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
 
Exceptional attention to detail and accuracy
 
Professional, self starter, very enthusiastic, catalyst and committed to make the difference Aicure 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York State Jobs at AiCure in New York State Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York State Company Info Follow Get job updates from AiCure 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
