
 
 
 
 Post Doc Research Assistant - Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Methods, CIVS - Hammond, IN 46323 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doc Research Assistant - Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Methods, CIVS Purdue University 1,176 reviews Hammond, IN 46323 Purdue University 1,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Summary 
 This position has a limited duration of 3 years. Continuation is dependent upon funding and business need. Benefits do apply. 
 
The Center for Innovation through Visualization and Simulation (CIVS), established in 2009, is a multidisciplinary research center which applies cutting-edge simulation and visualization technologies to solve real-world problems with academic, industry, and community partners. With its missions in innovation, application, and education, CIVS is globally recognized for its innovative approaches to developing solutions to complex problems. CIVS, in collaboration with more than 160 organizations, has made significant educational and economic impacts. CIVS also serves as a showcase for the NWI region, highlighting the region's commitment to innovation, cutting-edge technologies, collaboration, high-quality work, and real-world problem solving. 
 The position will focus on research development of artificial intelligence-based approaches to predict the impacts of changing input conditions on complex industrial processes involving chemical reactions, phase change, multi-phase flow, combustion, and more. These approaches will be applied to real-world sensor data from industrial processes and high-fidelity simulation data provided by corresponding computational fluid dynamics simulations. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in AI, Neural Networks, and Deep Learning applied to modeling and predicting the response of multi-variable systems driven by complex phenomena. 
 Preference will be given to candidates who have experience in technical proposal writing, strong communication skills, and managing teams of graduate students. Also preferred are a strong publication record and excellent programming skills. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work and collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team of researchers and engineers, in addition to experts from the manufacturing field with decades of experience. 
 Applicants should have well-documented experience with Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning methodologies, with previous experience handling data analytics for large-scale data sets preferred . 
 
 
Core Competencies 
 
Applicants must demonstrate strong writing and communication skills, the ability to function in a team environment with other researchers, and past experience at publishing in technical journals. Strong publication record and excellent programming skills are preferred. 
 
Education 
 
Ph.D. degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or other related field. 
 
Experience 
 
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in AI, Neural Networks, and Deep Learning applied to modeling and predicting the response of multi-variable systems driven by complex phenomena. Experience with FORTRAN and Python programing languages is a plus. 
 Additional Information: 
 
 For information regarding our excellent benefits package, please visit: www.purdue.edu/benefits 
 
 Professional references will be verified prior to any offer of employment. Employment is contingent upon completion of successful background check along with a motor vehicle records check if applicable. 
 
 Purdue University Northwest is an EEO/AA employer fully committed to achieving a diverse workforce. All individuals, including minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. 
 FLSA Status 
 Exempt Purdue University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Hammond, IN Jobs at Purdue University in Hammond, IN Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Hammond, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Purdue University Purdue University 1,176 reviews Purdue University is a vast laboratory for discovery. The university is known not only for science, technology, engineering and math prog... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
