
 
 
 
 Site Reliability Engineer - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Site Reliability Engineer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense! 
Anduril’s Lattice framework integrates deployed sensors into a single operational platform. From a dozen Sentry Towers to swarms of Ghost Drones, Lattice fuses sensor data to produce a single view and control interface for human operators. 
Lattice requires a robust distributed infrastructure of thousands of interconnected devices on multiple hardware platforms across a variety of secure networks! 
Site Reliability Engineers at Anduril are responsible for these thousands of critical Lattice nodes. From virtual clusters in secure clouds to ruggedized industrial PCs in austere environments to low-power SOCs flying in the air, SREs work closely with product, platform, and hardware teams to support the full life-cycle of all Lattice nodes: development, imaging, deployment, operation, monitoring, troubleshooting, and upgrading. 
 What You'll do
 Work with all involved teams on the life-cycle of baseline Lattice node operating system 
Work with product teams to instrument and monitor health of deployed systems 
Propose and implement solutions for issues, processes, and architecture 
Remotely fix software, hardware, and networking issues in sophisticated environments 
Participate in a 24/7 on-call rotation 
 Required Qualifications
 2+ years of Linux administration 
2+ years of scripting and/or programming experience
 1+ years directly supporting a 24/7 production environment 
Quickly understand and navigate sophisticated networked systems 
Comfortable operating in a dynamic environment 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data. ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Site Reliability Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Site Reliability Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
