
 
 
 
 GTM Techno - functional Consultant - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications GTM Techno - functional Consultant Capgemini San Jose, CA Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :3+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Should have Large-scale GTM implementation experience with proven success; at least One cloud implementation experience required. 
Should have good domain knowledge of GTM and must be well versed in implementing the GTM core modules (Denied Party Screening, Trade Item Classification etc.) 
Should have experience in implementing/supporting OTM/GTM, GTM configurations, Logistics and Global Trade Management and Solution Design in a global environment & OTM Customizations and Integrations with Oracle, other ERPs & legacy Applications 
Should have the ability to interact with the customer and work with multi location teams. Should plan the activities to meet the project deadlines. 
Performs varied duties and tasks that need independent judgment, in order to implement or enhance Oracle Transportation Management (OTM) /GTM to meet customer needs. 
Good knowledge on PL/SQL, XML and XSL stylesheets. 
Strong trouble shooting/ debugging skills on rating, planning and agent workflow issues. 
Operates independently to provide quality work products to an engagement, with minimal supervision. 
Requirements : 
Well versed with the OTM integration architecture and should be able to work and provide instruction to the Middleware (SOA) consultant for mapping. 
Experience on Fleet Management, Sourcing and FTI. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people en+d up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 4 days ago original job Report job Technical Consultant jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Capgemini in San Jose, CA Technical Consultant salaries in San Jose, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
