
 
 
 
 IT Internship - Summer 2021 - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Internship - Summer 2021 Qualcomm Incorporated 1,544 reviews San Diego, CA Qualcomm Incorporated 1,544 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description Company:
 Qualcomm Incorporated
 Job Area:
 Interns Group, Interns Group > Interim Intern
 Job Overview:
 Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.
 Before there were smartphones or smart cities, before autonomous cars or 360 virtual reality videos, there was our technology. Headquartered in San Diego, for over 30 years Qualcomm inventions have inspired others to make the impossible, possible. From 5G to artificial intelligence, from IoT to automotive and extended reality applications, Qualcomm is inventing the technologies of an intelligently connected future, spearheading research efforts for the next global wireless standard, and collaborating with industry leaders in the wireless value chain to make this future a commercial reality.
 
Qualcomm has numerous internships available in our Information Technology department. As an IT intern, you will work with a team of IT professionals and engineers to develop, implement and maintain various technologies for the organization. With a degree in computer science, engineering, or information technology, you will be able to contribute to some of the projects below.
 
 
 Below are examples of roles and technologies that you may work on during your internship:
 Framework roll out and tool implementation
 System-level integration issues
 Design and Integrate new features
 Project and program documentation
 Data analysis
 Network security
 Vendor management
 Testing, developing, and/or modifying applications
 Project management
 Server/System administration
 
 Technologies:
 OS: Android, Linux, Windows, Chrome, Native Platforms (RIM)
 Microsoft office suite: SharePoint, Outlook, Skype, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Project, etc.
 Enterprise service management tools
 Cloud computing services, such as AWS
 Version control, operational programs, such at Git/GitHub, Splunk, or Syslog
 Firewalls, VPN technologies, and proxy services
 Frameworks: Hadoop, Ruby on Rails, Grails
 Web Development: HTML5, JavaScript, AJAX, PHP, Python
 Application Development: Android Studio, Java, Objective C, MySQL and/or NoSQL, JSON
 Education Requirements:
 In study towards a Bachelor's or Master's in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Information Systems, or a related field.
 Must be available for 3 months during Summer 2021 (May-September) with a graduation date of December 2021 or later
 Spend your summer working in the future.
 
Working at Qualcomm may be the closest you'll get to experiencing time travel. You wont just work in a lab or write lines of code. Our interns join world-class teams to help define and build what is next for mobility and the world.
 You'll be paired with a mentor with visibility to your project and team, receive support from your manager and have access to the entire Qualcomm employee community to ensure your success.
 In addition to competitive pay and accrued vacation time, you will receive full relocation coverage and furnished housing accommodations for the duration of your internship
 Well make sure you have fun outside of work with weekend surf lessons & beach days, networking opportunities with Qualcomm executives and professionals, company-wide mentorship program platform, overnight hackathon, community service opportunities, and so much more...
 Whether you're graduating and seeking a full-time position after your internship, or hoping to return for another internship the following year, you will be considered for a returning offer through an evaluation of your work from the summer.
 *Certain program offerings are only available in certain office locations or to those who qualify based on pre-determined criteria. Specific benefits provided for given roles and locations will be detailed at the time of offer.
 
 
All Qualcomm employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams, and in the Company.
 Applicants  : If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.
 To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies  : Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
 EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification. Qualcomm 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Information Technology Intern jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Qualcomm in San Diego, CA Information Technology Intern salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Qualcomm Incorporated Qualcomm Incorporated 1,544 reviews Billions, maybe trillions of times a day… 

That’s how often people around the world touch something made better by Qualcomm. It could ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
