
 
 
 
 Senior Consultant - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Consultant Synopsys 262 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Synopsys 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 30274BR 
 USA - California - Mountain View/Sunnyvale, USA - California - San Francisco 
 Job Description and Requirements 
 As Synopsys engages with clients in the application of our software security improvement methodologies, the Security Consultant joins in the execution and delivery of planned project deliverables and milestones that assist clients in learning, understanding, and applying Synopsys's secure software development methodologies. The Security Consultant typically has task responsibility within one project and develops the capability to perform tasks within one or more of Synopsys's security practices. The Security Consultant continuously learns and expands technical understanding. Security Consultants do some work from the office/home, but often go on site to help customers exterminate the bugs and untangle the flaws that make their systems insecure. Our Security Consultants make themselves and their team trusted advisors to our customers: they build the relationships that help create and identify follow-on assignments. 
Responsibilities: 
Source Code Analysis 
Software Penetration Testing 
Architecture Security Analysis 
Secure Software Design and Architecture 
Application Reverse Engineering 
Network Security Analysis 
Database Security Analysis 
Ideal Technical Skills: 
Familiarity with software security weakness, vulnerability, and secure code review 
Familiarity with software attack and exploitation techniques 
Familiarity with at least one software programming language and framework 
Experience with C/C++, .NET, Java, multiple OS and RDBMS 
Experience with other languages (e.g. JavaScript, Python, Ruby, PHP, Perl, COBOL, SQL, or Assembly) 
Experience conducting secure code review 
Experience conducting reverse engineering 
Experience performing web application penetration testing 
Qualifications: 
Proven written and verbal communication skills 
Awareness of end-to-end project management life-cycle including planning, execution and closeout 
Comfortable interfacing with clients and utilizing negotiation skills 
Ability to collaborate with project team members, take direction from the project lead and execute tasks consistently 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent. Master’s Degree preferred 
Willingness to travel 
Synopsys Software Integrity Group was named a leader for 2020 in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing (AST) in recognition of our vision and ability to execute. Security and risk management leaders will need to meet tighter deadlines and test more-complex applications by integrating and automating AST in the software life cycle eliminating risk before it puts them at risk. Every business runs on software, and defects in software create risk. We’ve curated the most powerful products and services to create one comprehensive platform that enables our customers to detect and remediate defects across their entire SDLC. Learn more: https://www.synopsys.com/software-integrity.html 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Software Security Consulting
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 Security Consulting
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Consultant jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Synopsys in Sunnyvale, CA Senior Consultant salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 262 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
