
 
 
 
 Customer Success Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Success Manager Qventus Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Company 
Qventus provides a real-time decision-making platform for hospital operations. Our mission is to simplify how healthcare operates, so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on delivering the best possible care to patients. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create products and solutions that help nurses, doctors, and hospital staff anticipate issues and make operational decisions proactively. We work with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. 
 
Qventus works with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. The company was recognized by the 2019 Black Book Awards in healthcare for patient flow and by CB Insights as a 2019 top 100 Most Promising Company in Artificial Intelligence. Recently, Qventus won the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Emergency Response for the Healthcare System Innovation Challenge through its work helping health systems across the country plan for and operate in the COVID pandemic. 
 
The Role 
 
A  Customer Success Manager  (CSM) will wear a number of hats, combining aspects of complex engagement management, account management, and product management. This person will develop relationships with our key leaders and users in the hospital and be a critical link between Qventus and the customer, and our internal product and delivery teams. The CSM will serve as the overall engagement manager from customer kickoff through go-live and ongoing maintenance, creating and maintaining a complex and cross-functional project plan with a matrixed team. The CSM will develop deep knowledge of the Qventus suite of products to successfully deploy them, think creatively about new use cases for the product, and drive value for our customers. 
 Core Position Responsibilities: 
Serve as the “CEO” of assigned accounts/customers. 
Effectively manage complex engagements with matrixed teams 
Ability to create value for customers by ensuring clearly defined business outcomes and then builds a success plan with the appropriately identified objectives, timelines, risks and metrics needed to achieve it. 
Accountable to drive high usage of the Qventus platform within customers by driving the creation and execution of a thorough and action-oriented plan. 
Leverage deep functional expertise in order to increase the customer’s usage of existing workloads. 
Proactively identifies new workflows and expansion opportunities in each account to drive value both for the customer and for Qventus. 
Create a customer base who is excited about Qventus and serves as a reference for prospective customers. 
Maintain and demonstrates the ability to manage customer relationships, from the client executive team through to front-line leadership. 
Obtain a basic technical understanding of the platform with a desire to expand technical knowledge. 
A passion for fixing our healthcare system. 
 Position Basic Requirements: 
5-7 years of experience in professional services delivery or consulting. 
Project management experience with large enterprise implementations. 
A track record of applying strong quantitative and analytical skills in prior roles. 
Basic technical understanding with a desire to expand his/her technical knowledge. 
Ability to travel up to 30-50% nationwide. 
 Nice to have's: 
Knowledge of the landscape of patient flow processes, challenges, and solutions. 
Change management experience. 
Experience working with product managers, engineers, and technical teams. 
 Qventus is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice which can be found here: https://qventus.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/ Qventus 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Qventus in Remote Customer Success Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Qventus Qventus' mission is to simplify how healthcare operates so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on providing the best possible care to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
