
 
 
 
 Director of Compliance - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Compliance Ocrolus New York, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the Ocrolus rocket ship! 
Ocrolus is a  fintech infrastructure company  that transforms documents into actionable data with over  99% accuracy . Designed to streamline document-driven workflows and automate high-stakes financial decisions, Ocrolus is trusted by leading fintechs like  SoFi, LendingClub, Cross River Bank, BlueVine, Enova, and Plaid,  to name a few. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. Ocrolus has raised over $50 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others. 
We pride ourselves on being a dynamic, diverse team, unified by shared values of  Ownership, Optimism, Objectivity, Humility, Urgency, and Appreciation . We love what we do and the people we do it with, which is why we invite our team to bring their full selves to work every day. 
We’re looking for a Head of Compliance with experience in financial regulatory as well as IT operations and security process compliance. We need someone with a strong and successful track record of solving hard problems using out-of-the-box thinking. 
 Responsibilities 
Providing regulatory oversight, risk management and policy implementation for all processes and systems applied 
Providing data management, confidentiality and security oversight and policy implementation 
Preparing the organization for and maintain a readiness to undergo audits certifying compliance of regulatory standards such as SSAE18, SOC2 and regulations issued by authorities such as DFS 
Evaluating compliance of applications and system to industry standards such as CIS, NIST and OWASP 
Being a strong problem-solver with good communication and collaboration skills 
Being flexible, a self-starter, and a fast-learner 
 Requirements 
Knowledge of relevant regulatory as well as industry standards 
Experience preparing for and conducting compliance audits, both internal as well as external
 Familiarity with compliance levels of various cloud-based IT service providers such as AWS, Azure and Rackspace 
Good communication and negotiation skills 
 Our employees are incredible individuals - that’s the only kind we hire - and we’re committed to their well-being and supporting their efforts to become the best they can be, both at work and in life. This includes offering flexible working hours, unlimited PTO, Summer Fridays, an inclusive work environment (D&I Council), and wellness reimbursement for physical and mental well-being. 
We’re growing rapidly and were recently named # 1 Fastest-Growing Fintech Company on the Inc. 5000,  and  #1 Fastest-Growing Software Company in NY  in Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500. If you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance! 
Ocrolus is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Ocrolus 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Compliance jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Ocrolus in New York, NY Director of Compliance salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ocrolus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
