
 
 
 
 Principal Software Engineer (multiple locations available) - San Mateo, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Software Engineer (multiple locations available) Dun & Bradstreet 748 reviews San Mateo, CA Remote Dun & Bradstreet 748 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet
 We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us! 
 Locations:  This role can be based remotely or in the following locations: San Mateo, CA; Austin, TX; Short Hills, NJ; Center Valley, PA or Hyderabad, India.
 Our Team:
 Dun & Bradstreet has the world’s most comprehensive business data sets and analytics capabilities to power today’s most crucial business needs. That’s why 90% of the Fortune 500, and companies of all sizes around the world, rely on Dun & Bradstreet to help grow and protect their business. Our engineering teams focus on developing industry-leading, highly scalable, SaaS based applications to put this data into action. We are solving extremely intellectually interesting problems using machine learning, artificial intelligence and high-performance distributed computing. 
 We are looking for individuals interested in building world-class SaaS applications and solving complex challenges with one of the world’s largest B2B data sets. We have a supportive team atmosphere, using the latest technologies , and always strive to ensure D&B is the best place to learn and grow your career. 
 The Rol  e  :
 As a Principal Software Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and developing cutting-edge SaaS applications. You can expect to be working in a stimulating, collaborative environment focused on continuous improvement within an agile development process, where developers are responsible for end-to-end working software. 
 Not only do you have expert software engineering skills, but you also a proven track record of delivering creative, high-quality solutions. You are a strong people leader who believes that success comes from helping your team succeed and will find success in developing your engineering team’s capabilities by acting as a trusted advisor and mentor. 
 Your Role Will  Include  :
 Developing platform capabilities to meet business requirements
 Determining operational feasibility of proposed solutions
 Validating solutions using proof of concepts and prototypes
 Writing simple code (low maintenance, extensibility, test-ability and performance)
 Collaborating with the team to take advantage of new concepts/technologies
 Making informed decisions quickly and taking ownership of services at scale
 Supporting and developing your team of software engineers by providing leadership and coaching
 Growing your engineering team by interviewing, recruiting and hiring
 Lead ing the team on a day-to-day basis
 Potential technology stack for this position could include: AWS, Docker, Jenkins, Hadoop, Spark, DynamoDB, Redshift, Redis, Akka or similar technologies 
 About You:
 Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science, engineering, physics or related field
 8+ years of programming experience
 Solid understanding of fundamental computer science concepts such as the practical application of data structures and algorithmic complexity
 Practical experience in automated unit testing frameworks, continuous integration, performance tuning/testing and application monitoring
 Agile development experience with Scrum, Kanban, XP, etc.
 A significant track record of learning of new concepts, business models and technologies
 Energetic with a passion for software development and emerging technologies 
 If any of this excites you,  click  apply! Select ‘LinkedIn Ted Gaubert’  for how you heard about us.
 #LI-CF1
 Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 
We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.
 Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com. Dun & Bradstreet 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in San Mateo, CA Jobs at Dun & Bradstreet in San Mateo, CA Principal Software Engineer salaries in San Mateo, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dun & Bradstreet Dun & Bradstreet 748 reviews The Dun & Bradstreet Data Cloud offers the world’s most comprehensive business data and analytical insights to power today’s most crucial... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
