
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer - Tucson, AZ 85711 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer Rincon Research Corporation 4 reviews Tucson, AZ 85711 Rincon Research Corporation 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer 
 ASBU  | Tucson, AZ, United States 
Why Join Rincon Research Corporation (RRC)? 
At Rincon Research Corporation, our primary business is innovating, developing, and fielding digital signal processing (DSP) products and services for the United States Defense and Intelligence Communities in support of national security. 
Rincon Research Corporation (RRC), an employee owned company, is seeking a talented, tenacious, results-driven individual   with experience in developing Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) algorithms. This is an opportunity to pioneer novel AI/ML approaches to interesting challenges in a multi-disciplinary R&D environment with likeminded, motivated engineering staff who are collectively responsible for creating innovative solutions in support of national security   and defense. 
Come join the team that is creating cutting edge signal processing, geolocation, and communication systems for the future! 
What  are the primary responsibilities in  the  Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer   position? 
Under general supervision, this individual will work on small project teams to conceive, analyze, design, implement, test, deploy, and maintain Radio Frequency (RF) and Machine Vision systems. The right candidate will be expected to demonstrate creativity and disciplined work habits leading to solutions that are innovative and well justified. 
What   required  background will make you successful? 
Bachelor’s degree in one of the following disciplines: Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or other equivalent fields of discipline. 
Highly motivated to learn new ML/AI algorithms and to maintain familiarity with the latest advances in the field. 
Strong scientific reasoning ability. 
5 or more years demonstrated experience with Statistical Machine Learning methods such as Bayesian Inference, Clustering, Regression, etc. 
4 or more years of experience with Convolutional Neural Networks for object detection/classification for images. 
Proficiency with at least one high-level deep learning software library (TensorFlow/Keras, PyTorch, MXNet, etc.). 
Ability to obtain and maintain a Top Secret/SCI security clearance. 
US Citizenship Required. 
P referred  skills : 
Master’s or PhD in one of the following disciplines: Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or other equivalent fields of discipline. 
Familiarity with a broad range of AI/ML topics such as Deep Reinforcement Learning, Adversarial/Counter-Adversarial AI, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), and Transformer models. 
Experience in scientific programming with C, C++, or similar language on UNIX/Linux. 
Digital Signal Processing (DSP) experience. 
Active TS/SCI clearance. 
Where is the position located? 
This position is located at our Tucson, AZ office. 
What benefits does RRC offer? 
100% employer-paid premiums for family medical and dental insurance, employee life insurance, short-term and long-term disability (STD & LTD) 
Flexible reimbursement spending accounts for medical expense and dependent care 
Immediate participation and vesting in the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401(k) Plan 
Employer contributions to RRC’s ESOP 
Employer matching contributions to the company’s 401( k) Plan 
Employer discretionary contributions to the company’s 401(k) Plan 
Rincon Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified 
applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, veteran status, or any other protected factor. Rincon Research Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Tucson, AZ Jobs at Rincon Research Corporation in Tucson, AZ Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Tucson, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rincon Research Corporation 4 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
