
 
 
 
 Director, System Software Security - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, System Software Security NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA Remote NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is looking for an outstanding Software Engineering Director to lead multiple dynamic and innovative teams in our Tegra System Software SoC group. This essential role will give you a rare opportunity to influence and deliver a wide range of products and functionality which impact all our growing businesses.
 You will help set and drive our security strategy and grow your teams both in size and skill. We need you to demonstrate a proven understanding of software development principles, and the willingness to work collaboratively and remotely with other teams to accomplish complex goals. You should have experience influencing decisions cross-organizationally and leading processes to meet multiple objectives. You should be passionate about finding opportunities for process improvements and automation.
 What you will be doing:
 As a security leader, you are expected to be both a technical and managerial leader for the Tegra System Software group, as well as leader more broadly throughout the company. You will be managing a team of outstanding security engineers and architects to build and deliver security and cryptographic features that are used in all Tegra-based SOC products across our automotive, enterprise, and embedded/IOT markets.
 Develop a strategic direction for investment and improvement of the secure architecture for multiple platforms in alignment with NVIDIA leadership.
 Continuously review and identify improvement opportunities in established processes, infrastructure and practices to ensure NVIDIA platforms are robust against current and future security threats.
 Provide direction and advice on emerging threats, vulnerabilities, and security practices that may have an impact on the security posture of the applicable environment.
 Cooperate with customers and partners to identify security challenges and craft a sound security solution which can serve long term and short-term business goals.
 What we need to see:
 15+ years working experience in embedded / SoC security industry, including 10+ years in a leadership position.
 5+ years' experience implementing defensive software security in products.
 BS, MS, or Ph.D. in CS, EE, CE (related technical field) or equivalent experience.
 Deep understanding of secure architecture and design fundamentals and their application in modern SoC's (System on a Chip), including root of trust, secure boot, and measured boot.
 Deep understanding and implementation experience with Public Key Cryptography Standards such as Cryptographic Token Interface, Elliptic Curve Cryptography
 Demonstrated ability to hire talented Software Engineers and establish elite engineering teams.
 Strong understanding of effective threat modeling, attack tree / pattern, and risk assessment skills.
 Sound knowledge of operating system architecture and security fundamentals such as UNIX based operating system, RTOS or microkernel.
 Hands-on skills with various programming languages including C, C++, Rust, Python and an understanding of how to use them for improving software security.
 Advanced problem-solving skills to identify complex security issues with software and hardware.
 The ability to work in a dynamic and diverse team is required and strong interpersonal skills and a real passion for working as a team are critical.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Familiar with ARMv8, ARMv9, and RISC-V architectures and related security fundamentals.
 Direct experience with server security systems and associated infrastructures.
 Experience with FIPS 140-2 and Common Criteria certification processes, including analysis of security requirements necessary to guide the development of security solutions that can attain Common Criterial EAL 5+ certification.
 Background with programming languages designed for safety and security such as Rust and the SPARK subset of Ada.
 Passion for taking the state-of-the-art in areas such as post-quantum cryptography and homomorphic encryption and building practical security solutions for problems that may not emerge for many years.
 Machine Learning, Deep-Learning, Artificial Intelligence experience as it relates to static code analysis and vulnerability.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Security jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Director of Security salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
