
 
 
 
 PIM Consultant - Cincinnati, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications PIM Consultant Capgemini Cincinnati, OH Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Job Desription: Hands-on techno-functional experience in Oracle EBS Supply Chain (Inventory, BOM, PIM) 
Work multi-functionally to drive the strategic direction for data governance, 
provide product master data quality and data governance capabilities throughout the end-to-end lifecycle of the Product Master; 
leading projects including identification of critical data elements and rules definitions, and product data quality policies. 
Drive common process, standards, policies, controls, audits, metrics, governance, and organization capabilities across the business unit 
Strong experience in assessments/designing/configuring/development Oracle PIM. 
Hands-on experience in Oracle EBS Supply Chain modules (Inventory, BOM, etc.) both on-premise. 
Strong hands-on knowledge in SQL, PLSQL, OAF, and Workflow. 
Strong knowledge and experience in implementation methodologies. 
Strong knowledge and deep expertise in MDM methodologies and data governance 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Consultant jobs in Cincinnati, OH Jobs at Capgemini in Cincinnati, OH Consultant salaries in Cincinnati, OH Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
