
 
 
 
 Asst Dir – Sales Representative (Remote) - Data Solutions - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Asst Dir – Sales Representative (Remote) - Data Solutions Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Atlanta, GA Remote Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Role/Responsibilities 
 Role: 
This role is responsible for working with other sales colleagues and other internal stakeholders to drive the sales process for a narrow set of products or services. Key activities include identifying and qualifying prospects, initiating new sales activity and managing sales cycles to closure. Additionally, the role requires the assessment of client needs and providing clients with strategic guidance and product overviews 
 
 Responsibilities: 
Meet or exceed annual sales goals and targets that align with the company’s vision and objectives. 
Work with sales colleagues and other internal stakeholders to drive the sales process from beginning to end by identifying and qualifying prospects, initiating new sales activity and managing sales cycles to closure. 
Drive the development of business within assigned territories. 
Build relationships across client and prospect organizations to maintain desired pipeline levels. 
Partner with Solution Specialists to develop clear, concise proposals and deliver targeted client demos that address client needs. 
Collaborate with Product Management and Product Strategy to promote improvement in product quality and the development of new sources of revenue. 
Assess the needs of the client by identifying specific cause of underlying problems and proposes innovative solutions based on their business requirements. 
Identify additional products and services that clients may benefit from and introduce them appropriately into dialogue with clients. 
Begin development as a market expert and provide product/service use cases during the sales cycle. 
Serve as the main liaison between the client service team, the client and the implementation services organization on each services opportunity. 
Coordinate Moody's Analytics responses to requests for product and services information from prospects and clients. 
Assist in the preparation and circulation of market insight comments to create awareness of Moody's expertise internally and externally. 
Assist in the training of new team members. 
Provide current forecasts and pipeline information to management. 
Position requires travel (approximately 20% to 40% of your time). 
 Qualifications 
 Undergraduate/first-level degree (e.g., Bachelor’s degree) required, with coursework in business, economics, finance, marketing or related fields. 
5-7+ years’ experience working in direct business-to-business sales roles with a focus on serving financial services and/or corporate treasury customers. 
Solid understanding across all industries, including market dynamics and customers’ business drivers, with a strong emphasis on non-financial/insurance corporate accounts. 
Solid understanding of use cases spanning the customer lifecycle from new customer acquisition to collections and charge-off. 
Ability to present high-level information as well as detailed demonstrations of products & services. 
Experience utilizing consultative selling techniques. 
Proven ability of accurate pipeline management from initial lead to close. 
Excellent verbal/written communication and presentation skills. 
Skilled in establishing, developing, and maintaining key relationships within accounts, including senior executives, both internally and externally. 
Ability to work both independently and within a team environment, with focus and high attention to detail. 
 LOB/Cost Center 
 The Data Solutions operating unit (OU) is the commercial data business of Moody’s Analytics. We are comprised of 750 professionals who curate, manage, and provide data to over 7,000 customers worldwide. We are best known for our Orbis database, which is the world’s most comprehensive database of public and private companies. We are also the definitive source of ratings-related data for companies and securities that have been rated by Moody’s Investors Service. There are four market-facing groups within Data Solutions: Data Applications, Data Feeds, Media Solutions, and Contributory Data Solutions. In addition, we have various strategic and operational teams that specialize in curating and sourcing data and keeping all our databases accurate, relevant, and up to date. Any analytical activity depends on reliable and accessible data, and we are proud to be a mission-critical information resource for decision makers around the world. 
 
Cortera is the leading provider of highly innovative B2B data and analytics solutions used by companies across a wide range of industries to improve the quality of their decisions at every stage of the customer lifecycle. Leveraging the largest database of information on businesses in North America, with more unique data than any other provider, Cortera is solving problems resulting from the lack of information about businesses, privately held businesses in particular. Combined with some of the most advanced big data, machine learning and artificial intelligence technology, Cortera is revolutionizing the use of B2B data for companies helping improve sales effectiveness and their ability to make better risk decisions resulting in the growth of their revenue and profit while freeing the flow of capital to small businesses in North America to help fuel growth and innovation. 
 Job Req ID 
 20991BR 
 Entity 
 Moody's Analytics (MA) 
 Line of Business 
 Data Solutions OU (DAAS OU) 
 Regular/Temporary 
 Regular 
 City 
 Atlanta, Boca Raton, Boston, Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas, Jersey City, King of Prussia, New York, Omaha, PLANO, Quincy, South San Francisco, Vienna, Waltham, Washington DC, West Chester, White Plains, Wilmington 
 Job Category 
 Sales & Marketing 
 Job Sub Category 
 Sales 
 Experience Level 
 Experienced Hire 
 Working at Moody's 
 Moody's (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 11,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody's combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com. 
 Entity 
 Moody’s Analytics provides financial intelligence and analytical tools supporting our clients’ growth, efficiency and risk management objectives. The combination of our unparalleled expertise in risk, expansive information resources, and innovative application of technology, helps today’s business leaders confidently navigate an evolving marketplace. 
 EEO Policy 
 Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
 
 
For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law.
 
 
Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law. Click here to view our Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination statement. 
 Securities Trading Policy (STP) 
 Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary. Moody's Corporation 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Moody's Corporation in Atlanta, GA Sales Representative salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Moody's Corporation Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
