
 
 
 
 Intellectual Property Associate or Patent Agent - Florham Park, NJ 07932 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intellectual Property Associate or Patent Agent Greenberg Traurig 153 reviews Florham Park, NJ 07932 Greenberg Traurig 153 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Greenberg Traurig, a global law firm, currently has an excellent opportunity for an Associate or Patent Agent in the Intellectual Property Department. We offer competitive compensation, an excellent benefits package and a team oriented environment. 
The ideal candidates will have 2-4 years of experience drafting and prosecuting patent applications in the software space, including applications directed to Big Data and artificial intelligence technologies. Hardware experience is a plus. The qualified candidate must possess excellent academic credentials as well as strong legal research and writing with experience drafting patent applications “from scratch.” 
Must be self-motivated and flexible. Must be admitted to USPTO. Successful candidate will have the option to sit in one of various office locations. 
 
 Greenberg Traurig is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Individuals seeking employment at Greenberg Traurig are considered without regards to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, age, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or genetic information, among other protected bases.
 
 
 To that end, GT, a Mansfield Rule 3.0 Certified firm, continues with its current participation in Diversity Lab’s Mansfield Rule 4.0 initiative, which measures and seeks to increase diversity within law firms. Providing your data during the application process helps us with achieving that goal and with meeting reporting/record-keeping obligations under federal and state law and other legal requirements. Providing your data is entirely voluntary and will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be treated confidentially. Greenberg Traurig 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Patent Agent jobs in Florham Park, NJ Jobs at Greenberg Traurig in Florham Park, NJ Patent Agent salaries in Florham Park, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Greenberg Traurig Greenberg Traurig 153 reviews Greenberg Traurig, LLP (GT) has approximately 2200 attorneys in 40 locations in the United States, Latin America, Europe, Asia, and the M... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
