
 
 
 
 Data & Artificial Intelligence Technical Sales Specialist – Industrial - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data & Artificial Intelligence Technical Sales Specialist – Industrial IBM 30,726 reviews Austin, TX 73301 IBM 30,726 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
Client Technical Specialists (CTP) are the technical experts and advisors to clients, IBM sales teams and/or IBM Business Partners. As a CTP you understand the client's business requirements, technical requirements and/or competitive landscape. You apply your business insights, build and maintain client relationships, incorporate hardware, software and services into client-valued solutions and ensure client readiness for the implementation of technical solutions. This is an opportunity to shape the future for both IBM and its clients. Start your journey now! 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The Industrial Market technical sales team is currently seeking a Data & Artificial Intelligence (D&AI) Technical Sales Specialist. This position is responsible for supporting sales of IBM's Database, Data Governance, Data Science and Watson AI across IBM's Data & AI portfolio. Responsibilities include understanding client’s business requirements, technical requirements, competitive landscape, and identifying the technical fit of IBM’s Data & AI portfolio of solutions to meet customer needs. In this role you will be expected to demonstrate and explain the benefits of various technologies and IBM’s ability to deliver solutions that make customers successful.
 
 
Additionally, candidates will serve as technical liaisons with prospective and existing clients to provide sufficient industry and domain expertise to establish credibility for IBM’s abilities and value proposition. Hands-on expertise with IBM Data & AI software tools, or similar capabilities from other software providers, is expected and it’s also important to have a business-level understanding of the impact that Data & AI capabilities can have on business outcomes. 
 
Key Responsibilities: 
Working as a member of an integrated sales team in the definition and deployment of Data & AI solutions for IBM customers and prospects.
 Work with the extended technical team and sales teams to deliver effective demonstrations, workshops, Proof of Concept (POC), Proof of Technology (POT) and other technical sales accelerators to grow pipeline and drive revenue. 
Delivering business value presentations to line of business stakeholders and executive audience 
Use technical sales acumen to understand the client's business requirements, technical requirements and/or competitive landscape. 
Collaborate with in Market IBM and Business Partner Technical and Services teams to define, design, and detail the aspects and feasibility of proposed integrated solutions 
Actively engage with clients to develop the trust and credibility to help them grow their businesses by solving strategic and tactical business problems with IBM’s proven Data & AI technology solutions 
Work with IBM Business partners to supplement their existing stills, provide skills transfer to partners and provide direction in engaging with IBM resources 
Apply IBM brand strategies and offerings, methods and models, to ensure world-class design and delivery 
Attributes: 
Understand how the full range of IBM Data & AI technology, including databases, data governance, data science and Watson AI applications, can be integrated to address customer needs 
Skilled in provocative consultative selling, with an understanding of the client's needs and IBM capabilities 
Commercially minded and capable of supporting end-to-end sales engagements with the ability to think, plan and act strategically 
Extensive networking and interpersonal skills in complex environments 
Self-starter with eagerness to seek and build new skills 
Demonstrated Business/Territory development success 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 3 years in technical software pre-sales engineering 
At least 3 years of hands-on experience with multiple Data & AI offerings from IBM or similar offerings from other software solution providers 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 5 years in pre-sales engineering 
At least 5 years of hands-on experience with multiple Data & AI offerings from IBM or similar offerings from other software solution providers 
Experience with Cloud Pak for Data and Red Hat OpenShift 
Competitive experience in other Data & AI technologies and cloud solutions 
Bachelor’s/Master’s in computer science, computer engineering, natural sciences, statistics, or equivalent experience with experience in distributed computing 
About Business UnitIBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.
 
 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
US Citizenship required. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Sales Manager jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Technical Sales Manager salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,726 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
