
 
 
 
 Product Manager - AV Simulation - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager - AV Simulation NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a Product Manager for Autonomous Vehicle Simulation.
 For more than two decades, NVIDIA has pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics. With a singular focus on this field, we offer specialized platforms for gaming, professional visualization, data center, and automotive markets. Our work is at the center of the most consequential mega-trends in technology - virtual reality, artificial intelligence and self-driving - and there has never been a more exciting time to join our team. The automotive industry is at a disruption & NVIDIA is at the forefront of the autonomous vehicle revolution, powering many key solutions for major car manufacturers. We are engaged in the key areas of automotive business where visual computing & AI matters: AI Cockpit and Autonomous Vehicles (AV). We are need a Product Manager in our autonomous vehicle team who can help drive our product strategy.
 What you’ll be doing:
 Defining developer requirements and priorities by gathering and analyzing feedback from developers in the autonomous vehicle industry.
 Conducting gap analysis across software and hardware and you will reason about competitive advantage.
 Leading cross-functional initiatives including engineering and marketing to development.
 Refining product positioning analyses and presentations, product marketing material, and product engineering material.
 Crafting Product and Marketing assets for improving the developer engagement pipeline.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) with 6+ years of experience in Engineering, Computer Science, or similar experience or Masters + 1-2 years experience.
 A passion to create technology that changes the state of the art by enabling access to safe transportation for all.
 Understanding technicalities on how to build and deploy safe Autonomous Vehicles.
 Provide evidence that you can take on hard problems and do whatever is needed to build a product where art and technology collide into one.
 Proven ability collaborate with a diverse team while taking personal responsibility for your own contributions.
 Agility in changing focus as the needs of our effort evolve.
 Nice to have previous practical experience with deep learning, creativity and the ability to innovate.
 Have strong leadership, communication and presentation skills.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Previous experience with AI, Autonomous Vehicles, and/or building developer focused software products.
 You have deep empathy for customers and like represent customers’ voice in discussions.
 You have a business perspective on the AV market.
 MBA
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables outstanding creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence.
 It’s not just technology though! It is our people, some of the brightest in the world, and our company diverse culture make NVIDIA one of the most fun, innovative and multifaceted places to work in the world! Central to NVIDIA's culture are our core values like innovation, excellence and determination and team, that guide us to be the best we can be.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Product Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
