
 
 
 
 Sr Applications Engineer-DDR4/5 - 20336 - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Applications Engineer-DDR4/5 - 20336 Rambus 30 reviews San Jose, CA Rambus 30 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Rambus, a premier chip and silicon IP provider, is seeking to hire an exceptional Applications Engineer to join our Buffer Chip AE team in San Jose, California. Candidates will be joining some of the brightest inventors and engineers in the world to develop products that make data faster and safer. 
 We are seeking an experienced Applications Engineer with hardware design and lab debug expertise to support US and international customers of Rambus DDR4 and DDR5 memory buffer chips. The Applications Engineer will analyze and debug complex technical issues involving DRAM, signal integrity buffer chips, PMIC, DIMM, server and BIOS operation and interaction. As an Applications Engineer, the candidate will be reporting to the Director of Engineering and is a Full-Time position. 
Responsibilities 
 Analyze and debug complex technical issues and bring customer issues to a satisfactory conclusion.
 Support technical qualification of new chip designs to secure customer design wins.
 Assist with validation and debug of new memory buffer chips for DDR5 servers.
 Collect and analyze signal integrity data at the system level.
 Present technical updates to customers and company management in writing and verbally via quality presentations.
 Prepare technical documentation such as datasheets, user guides and application notes. 
 Qualifications 
 Familiar with DDR4/DDR5 DIMM memory operation in Intel, AMD, and/or OEM servers.
 Good understanding of signal integrity issues up to 3 GHz and higher.
 Experience with power management and I2C/I3C serial interfaces.
 Extensive experience with probing, high speed oscilloscopes and other lab equipment.
 History of using fundamental root cause techniques (fishbone, design of experiments, etc.) to solve complex problems.
 Ability to use scripting languages such as Perl, Tcl or Python to analyze data log text files and automate system and bench testing.
 Past experience manipulating MRC BIOS code and utilizing server platform debug hooks and tools (either Intel or AMD) is strongly desired. 
 Ability to travel to customer sites as needed, including international travel.
 Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English. 
 BS degree or higher in Electrical Engineering or related field. 
 5+ years of experience in hardware design or validation at the chip and module level. 
 
- 
About Rambus 
With 30 years of innovation and semiconductor expertise, Rambus leads the industry with products and solutions speed performance, expand capacity and improve security for today's most demanding applications. From data center and edge to artificial intelligence and automotive, our interface and security IP, and memory interface chips enable SoC and system designers to deliver their vision of the future.
 Rambus offers a competitive compensation package including base salary, bonus, equity, matching 401(k), employee stock purchase plan, comprehensive medical and dental benefits, time-off program and gym membership. 
Rambus is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 Rambus is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may let us know in the application. 
For more information about Rambus, visit rambus.com. For additional information on life at Rambus and our current openings, check out rambus.com/careers/. Bank of Ireland 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Application Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Rambus in San Jose, CA Senior Application Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rambus Rambus 30 reviews Rambus is the innovative technology solutions company that brings invention to market. Unleashing the intellectual power of our world-cla... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
