
 
 
 
 Controls Engineering - Albuquerque, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Controls Engineering Akima Infrastructure Services, LLC 471 reviews Albuquerque, NM Akima Infrastructure Services, LLC 471 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We are seeking a R&D S&E, Robotics/Controls Engineering candidates to lead and support the development of novel solutions for robotic, unmanned and mechatronic systems for national security applications. This position requires working as part of multidisciplinary science and engineering teams doing cutting edge research and technology development to support the nation’s security needs. There are multiple positions available, one of which should be focused on applied mathematics, electrical engineering, biomechanics, non-linear controls, optimization, and algorithm development. 
 Company Overview 
 AIS is actively seeking individuals who can contribute to national security within the science, technology, and engineering fields as part of our supplemental labor team at vital federal research and development installations supporting the Department of Energy. AIS has an established history of contributing to the success of their customer’s mission. Available employment opportunities may range from administrative and logistical support to advanced technical positions. 
 Job Specifications 
 Tasks include developing, demonstrating and implementing novel robotic, unmanned and autonomous systems for a wide variety of customer sets. Responsibilities will span the breadth of R&D from basic research to applied development with operational deliverable requirements. 
 
Work may include any of the following: 
The development of novel algorithms for autonomous perception and control, e.g. in complex uncertain environments with sparse training data; 
The development of perception and decision-making engines via machine learning or other artificial intelligence methods; 
Writing real-time code to implement control algorithms, e.g. for networked teams of heterogeneous mobile aerial and ground systems with diverse sensors, mobility and computational capabilities; 
Developing novel robotic and mechatronic systems in a variety of scales from micro/miniature to large; 
Developing custom embedded electronic devices; 
Developing and deploying novel algorithms for autonomous vehicle navigation, tracking, and other applications; 
Developing and implementing novel sensors suitable for use in unmanned systems; 
Conducting field tests to evaluate system performance and other activities associated with the development of robotic, unmanned and autonomous systems. 
 
Work may also include supporting a variety of different technical and programmatic activities associated with the research and deployment of robotic, unmanned and autonomous systems, including software development, mechanical and electrical design and engineering, system dynamic modeling, sensor and perception system development, and testing. 
 Knowledge, Skills, Ability 
 Work will be conducted in a fast-paced team environment devoted to rapidly developing and fielding novel control systems, unmanned systems, and robotic systems. Assignments will require executing technical work with excellence; participating in the generation of new ideas and the development of competitive funding proposals, and publishing results in conferences and peer reviewed journals. 
 Minimum Qualifications (Required) 
 Masters, PhD or equivalent in Electrical / Mechanical / Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or comparable field 
Algorithm implementation or programming experience (C, C++, Matlab, Python or similar languages) 
Ability to work with a team 
Commitment to applying safe work practices and procedures 
Experience in one or more of the following: 
Developing and implementing heuristic, optimization-based, or machine-learning based autonomous perception, object recognition or decision-making systems 
Developing and implementing novel mechatronic systems 
Developing models and state equations for dynamic systems 
Developing novel control algorithms for dynamic systems 
Implementing control algorithms on mechatronic hardware 
Developing robotic, unmanned, or autonomous systems 
Developing and testing of electric or electronic systems 
Simulation, algorithm development and control system design experience in Matlab or similar 
 Preferred Qualifications (Desired) 
 1. Strong preference for degree focus on robotics, unmanned systems, automation, autonomy, or control systems 
2. Design and integration of robotic systems and other mechanisms 
3. Modeling and control of dynamic systems, especially robotics or other multi-body systems 
4. Design and integration of mechatronic or electronic systems (i.e. microcontrollers, FPGAs, ideally with hardware in the loop) 
5. Design and testing of wearable robotic or other ergonomic systems 
6. Experience with biomechanical or ergonomic testing on human subjects 
7. Experience with practical control systems (managing I/O, interfaces, etc.) 
8. Development of novel algorithms, including machine learning, for control and other applications 
9. Experience in the development of advanced multi-sensor perception systems 
10. Familiarity with optimization methods 
11. Experience with estimation systems 
12. Experience with navigation, localization and mapping algorithms 
13. Experience in the development of distributed, networked control systems 
14. Experience in electromechanical system integration 
15. Experience with human-machine interaction 
16. Experience with operating system and simulation environments (ROS, Motion Genesis or similar) 
 AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 AIS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify the Human Resources Department 
 Job Expires 
 08-Jun-2021 Akima Infrastructure Services, LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Controls Engineer jobs in Albuquerque, NM Jobs at Akima Infrastructure Services in Albuquerque, NM Controls Engineer salaries in Albuquerque, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Akima Infrastructure Services, LLC Akima Infrastructure Services, LLC 471 reviews Founded in 1995, Akima is the largest and fastest-growing subsidiary of the NANA Corporation, one of 13 regional entities created by the ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
