
 
 
 
 Lead Analyst/Analyst, Confidentiality & Privacy - Technology/Privacy Risk Management - Risk & Brand Protection - Birmingham, AL 35203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Analyst/Analyst, Confidentiality & Privacy - Technology/Privacy Risk Management - Risk & Brand Protection Deloitte 10,102 reviews Birmingham, AL 35203 Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Confidentiality & Privacy (C&P) is seeking a Technology/Privacy Risk Specialist (Analyst/Senior Analyst level) to support the strategic priorities and mitigation of confidentiality and privacy risks across the Deloitte US Firms. This role will primarily support the operational processes in evaluating technologies for confidentiality and privacy risks, as well as participate in key strategic priorities of C&P. The successful candidate will be expected to quickly build subject matter expertise in the US Firms' confidentiality and privacy policies while providing impactful contributions to evaluating technologies for confidentiality and privacy risks and compliance with policies. 
Work you'll do 
Technology/Privacy Risk Management 
Perform Privacy Impact Assessments and Confidentiality Reviews (jointly referred to as PIAs). Review systems in development, identify vulnerabilities, and recommend controls to implement. Update and track activities methodically with relentless attention to quality, accuracy, and timeliness 
 Continually assess the PIA intake process and identify enhancements to capture the intake of new technologies from business, enabling area and ITS processes 
 Conduct risk assessment of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, internet of things, and cloud solutions and follow-up on progress of remediation activities. 
 Work closely with IT professionals to monitor systems throughout the system development lifecycle for privacy and data protection compliance. 
 Coordinate with leadership and key stakeholders to complete assessments. 
 Develop in-depth understanding of the US Firms' businesses and enabling areas to provide quick response and guidance based on potential risks to Deloitte. 
 
Confidentiality & Privacy Strategic Priorities 
 
Participate in and lead projects to implement or enhance the US Firms' confidentiality and privacy programs. Activities may include development of training and awareness materials, support to Lean Data or Data Classification activities, completion of Privacy Impact Assessments, management of Data Subject Access Requests, or support for other high impact C&P initiatives. 
 Support confidentiality and privacy program assessments and system reviews of confidentiality & privacy risks. 
 Review and advise on technical requirements, vendor solutions, and data protection features of applications and systems utilized and/or delivered by the Deloitte US Firms. 
 Provide expertise and support to data analytics efforts to identify insights, potential risks, and mitigation strategies. 
 
 The Team 
 Risk & Brand Protection (R&BP) 
At Deloitte, we are stewards of reputation-ours and our clients. That's why we foster a culture that protects, preserves, and enhances our reputation. With your help, we will distinguish Deloitte as the clear leader in professional services, making us the first choice for clients and talent. 
Confidentiality & Privacy 
Confidentiality & Privacy (C&P), led by the Chief Confidentiality & Privacy Officer and Managing Director, Confidentiality & Privacy, is a steward for Deloitte's reputation. In that role, C&P is responsible for the development and deployment of a comprehensive program to mitigate confidentiality and privacy risks across the Deloitte US Firms. The team is highly collaborative, and individual contributions are measured relative to team contributions. C&P is organized around key service areas, which include: 
Confidentiality & Privacy Policy & Program 
 Insider Risk 
 Incident Management 
 Technology Risk 
 Lean Data Initiatives 
 Qualifications 
Required Education & Experience 
 
 BA/BS in computer science, management information systems cybersecurity, or related field or significant industry experience required 
 3-5+ years of related experience, including a minimum of 3 years in Risk Management, Privacy cyber security, or Privacy by Design 
 Knowledge of technologies used to collect, share, access and use personal data such as cookies, web beacons, data warehouse, and web analytic and decision support software. 
 Familiarity with cyber threats and potential impact on business 
 
 Required Professional and Technical Skills 
 
Demonstrated track record in sound judgment, investigation, strong attention to detail, and persistence in following/driving incidents to conclusion. 
 Excellent organizational, communications (oral and written), problem solving, and interpersonal skills. 
 Strong client service orientation - our clients expect and deserve high quality work products and effective resolution of identified issues. 
 Remain calm while retaining your ability to influence others in high pressure situations. 
 Highly collaborative work ethic with demonstrated agility and strong teaming skills. 
 Quick and eager learner to apply new skills and technologies in a results-oriented manner. 
 Experience and proficiency in MS Office products to include Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and SharePoint. 
 
 Licenses, Certifications, and Other Requirements 
 
Certified International Privacy Professional (CIPP), Certified Information Privacy Technologist (CIPT), certification preferred 
 Work Location: Any Deloitte US office location Deloitte 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Risk Manager jobs in Birmingham, AL Jobs at Deloitte in Birmingham, AL Risk Manager salaries in Birmingham, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
