
 
 
 
 Privacy Policy Manager, Facebook Reality Labs (Artificial Intelligence) - Burlingame, CA 94010 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Privacy Policy Manager, Facebook Reality Labs (Artificial Intelligence) Facebook 622 reviews Burlingame, CA 94010 Facebook 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is hiring a Privacy Policy Manager to join the Facebook Reality Labs Policy team. The team's mission is to guide development of emerging technologies across Facebook as we build the future of virtual and augmented reality products and services. You'll work closely with product managers, engineers, and cross-functional partners across the company to align on technical solutions and public policy considerations governing artificial intelligence (AI) and voice assistant technology for the products and research being developed across Facebook Reality Labs. You will help develop internal safeguards and policy guidelines, build partnerships with external stakeholders, and facilitate legislative and regulatory advocacy. The ideal candidate for this role is a self-starter, a good team player, and creative problem solver who is able to switch easily between detailed work and high-level strategic thinking. This candidate will be deeply familiar with public policy issues surrounding AI as well as global privacy frameworks. You will have a meaningful understanding of stakeholders and perspectives in the privacy community, be able to use this understanding to promote privacy in FRL’s products and drive proactive conversations about AI and voice assistant technology. You should be passionate about the services we provide and the people that we serve. 
Evaluate and provide guidance on the privacy and public policy implications of AI and voice assistant technology in FRL products and services 
Analyze global legislative and regulatory proposals concerning AI, privacy, data security and other technology issues 
Consult with privacy experts to improve our approach to building FRL products and effectively represent Facebook’s perspective 
Evaluate and provide guidance on the privacy and public policy implications of FRL products and services 
Issue spot global policy implications, responsibility, and conformance with norms of the expert and policy communities of new products and features 
Consult with privacy experts to improve our approach to building FRL products and effectively represent Facebook’s perspective 
Review legislation and work with legislative teams on drafting positions 
develop proactive regulatory and legislative solutions 
Develop and maintain policy resources required for products including launch plans, hard Q&As, and internal white papers and briefing memos 
Respond promptly to a wide range of requests from Product, Legal, Policy, Communications, and Business teams across the company 
5+ years of experience public policy experience (2+ years with advanced degree in similar field) 
Familiarity with public policy issues/regulatory frameworks governing artificial intelligence 
Background in technology policy and knowledge for new and emerging technology 
Experience with creating policy analysis and public presentation 
Experience prioritizing multiple simultaneous projects under deadlines 
JD degree, Master's degree, or equivalent practical tech policy experience 
Experience counseling clients around privacy, data security, or other policy issues and managing multiple business priorities 
Experience planning and executing cross-functional initiatives 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Policy Manager jobs in Burlingame, CA Jobs at Facebook in Burlingame, CA Policy Manager salaries in Burlingame, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 622 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
