
 
 
 
 Digital Technical Specialist - Business Applications - - Las Colinas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Technical Specialist - Business Applications - Microsoft 7,121 reviews Las Colinas, TX Remote Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description What Joining the Microsoft Team Means 
Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be, and take their careers to levels they cannot achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky's-the-limit thinking - a cloud-enabled world. 
At Microsoft we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples' lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. 
Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? 
The reinvention of business processes is a growth engine for Microsoft cloud services. The mission of Microsoft Business Applications is to help our customers digitally transform their businesses to drive new sources of revenue, create new and engaging ways to serve their customers, and to transform the way in which their business runs to drive new levels of profitability for their organization. 
Are you ready to join a double-digit growth cloud business? Microsoft Business Applications cloud is recognized by analysts as a leader in the Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Enterprise Relationship Management (ERP) and application platform space. Trusted by global businesses as their platform of choice, Microsoft Business Applications uniquely enables customers to optimize their operations, engage their customers, empower their people and transform their products. It’s a new data-driven world, and Microsoft is the only platform built from the ground up with data and intelligence at the center. Microsoft Business Application solutions include virtually unlimited data sources from customers’ applications including legacy, first and third-party, vendor, customer and many more. This unified approach to data and intelligence enables customers to make informed proactive business decisions with deep insights powered by artificial intelligence and industry-leading analytics (Power BI) resulting in the following key customer benefits: 
Create impact faster: Deliver more impact in less time by quickly deploying solutions, or augmenting existing ones, to enable teams to accelerate business results and increase time to value. 
Break through barriers: Take a data-first approach with unified data that leverages Microsoft AI to deliver insights & actions that help create better customer experiences. 
Adapt to anything: agility to react and respond to new business priorities, market conditions and customer opportunities with rapidly deployable solutions. 
Innovate everywhere: Solve problems with powerful solutions only possible with the Microsoft Cloud enabling interoperable solutions across multiple lines of business. 
See what Satya Nadella has to say about the strategic vision of Microsoft Business Applications here . 
Throughout this job posting you will encounter the terms “workload” & “workload solution expertise”. These are defined as functional/technical experience in one of the following solutions from any software publisher including Microsoft: Customer Engagement: Sales, Marketing, Customer Service and/or Field Service; Finance & Operations: Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Retail/Commerce, Finance. 
Microsoft Business Applications is uniquely positioned as the worldwide leader in enterprise solutions differentiated by our data-first and artificial intelligence-driven platform that can leverage unlimited number of customer data sources. The Digital Technical Specialist role is the ideal place to leverage your passion for being a member of a dynamic sales team that is bringing true digital transformation to customers. 
As a Digital Technical Specialist, you will be joining the Digital Sales organization leveraging cutting edge, industry-leading, virtual engagement tools and best practices with data-first analytics to generate customer-centric business applications demand and land new logos. You work remotely with a geographically dispersed sales pursuit team. 
You will be a technically intense workload digital technical seller within the Microsoft sales organization working with our most important customers. You play a key role in the total sales cycle by helping customers with their end-to-end business transformation needs through conceptualizing, designing and demonstrating solutions mapped to business value within your workload. Executing with excellence you will collaborate across the sales opportunity journey with the Business Applications sales team, Microsoft partners and ISVs, other Technical Specialists and our Customer Success team. 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: Culture | Microsoft Careers 
Check out all our products: https://careers.microsoft.com/ 
Responsibilities 
Who We Are Looking For 
To excel in the Digital Technical Specialist role you must have the following traits and abilities: 
Technically Intense Workload Technical Seller – Demonstrating experience in your workload to customers within a team of remote virtual sellers through functional, technical, and process-level knowledge using the latest digital tools and techniques. 
Strategic & Proactive Pursuit Team Member – Strategic thinker with proactive engagement throughout the pursuit sales cycle; removes blockers, challenges the status quo, unblocks design/technical stale mate, brings clarity from ambiguity by displaying a growth mindset. 
Technical Team Collaborator – Collaborates with a geographically dispersed pursuit team of technically intense workload peers including other Technical Specialists with expertise other than yours, co-sell partners, and Independent Software Vendors to design and virtually demonstrate a solution that maps business value with the end-to-end business transformation needs of the customer. 
Customer-centric Solution Designer – Customer-centric solution designer who employs Design Thinking principles focusing on customer business outcomes. 
Differentiated & Business Value/Outcome-driven Demonstrator – Remotely demonstrates solution capabilities and associated business value addressing customer business decision maker persona needs/pains. Clearly articulates Microsoft competitive differentiation and the value of Business Applications workload solutions. 
Qualifications 
Minimum 2+ Years’ Experience: 
Applicable workload experience with one or more of the following: technical presales, post-sales consulting or relevant company/customer IT application implementation or management. 
Driving and designing a solution strategy as part of the overall opportunity discovery and lifecycle. 
Working across and in collaboration with virtually-dispersed technical pursuit teams designing cloud-based solutions for company or customers. 
Success working virtually with customers in presales or consulting engagements related to business applications workloads. This may include stakeholders within your company. 
Proven success demonstrating differentiated solution value and Microsoft competitive advantage. 
Delivering online/virtual technical workload demonstrations to strategic decision makers. 
Desirable but not required – workload certifications/degrees. 
 Strong understanding of: 
Business solutions (CRM/ERP) workload experience in one or more of the following: Sales, Marketing, Customer Service, Field Service, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Retail/Commerce and/or Finance and how these solutions help customers achieve their desired business outcomes. 
Business value selling methodologies and practices mapped to customer or company persona pains/issues to uncover customer’s stated and unstated needs. 
Commercial cloud offerings, ideally Microsoft’s cloud platform, as well as competitive knowledge of other business applications solutions and related ecosystems. 
Desired skills: 
Excellent virtual presentation and communications skills across various customer stakeholders; experienced online storyteller. 
Comfortable working within a digitally-equipped sales organization engaging virtually with customers throughout the sales process.
 Customer-centric mindset with demonstrated passion for delivering customer value. 
Ability to bring innovative technical solution ideas to customer problems. 
Experienced problem solver able to thrive in a fast-paced environment. 
Growth mindset, insatiably curious, always learning and welcoming of challenges for the opportunity to grow. 
Bachelor’s degree or relevant work experience. 
Your Onboarding Process 
 Microsoft provides extensive world class onboarding & readiness designed to help you extend your existing technical workload skills with Microsoft Business Application product knowledge. You’ll attend an in-depth onboarding program designed to help you become a technical expert in your Business Applications workload. 
Our onboarding program will give you the knowledge and resources necessary to deliver successful customer solution designs and presentations as you start your exciting next career step at Microsoft! 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Specialist jobs in Las Colinas, TX Jobs at Microsoft in Las Colinas, TX Technical Specialist salaries in Las Colinas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
