
 
 
 
 VP, FRL Partnerships - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, FRL Partnerships Facebook 622 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook Reality Labs (FRL) brings together a world-class team of researchers, developers, and engineers to build the future of connection within virtual and augmented reality. We are a highly multi-disciplinary team building and shipping groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and artificial intelligence. The VP of FRL Partnerships will help architect new products and ecosystems with people at the core and help advance Facebook's mission of bringing the world closer together.Facebook is seeking a VP of FRL Partnerships who will lead business development teams across Oculus, Portal, Spark AR, Wearables and FRL Research. This individual will have successfully led complex, first of their kind hardware, platform, distribution, and content deals. S/he will have a deep familiarity with products from a core technology perspective and has been intimately involved in setting product direction. Additionally, they will have experience building multi-level partnership organizations and leading a rapidly growing team.The ideal candidate will have experience mentoring and developing a strong team and will be able to quickly establish credibility. S/he is a self-starter who is comfortable in a rapidly changing environment and takes a proactive and strategic approach to business development. S/he will have the ability to bridge short term goals with longer term strategy and is able to create a well-ordered framework of action with little to no direction. 
Enabling Technologies: Build strategic partnerships and drive deals for optics, display, computer vision, semiconductors, sensors, and other core enabling technologies for future VR and AR products. 
Product Partnerships: Source and close partnerships that drive user engagement, accelerate product roadmaps, and delight customers across FRL's software platforms and ecosystems including Oculus and Portal apps. 
Media Partnerships: Lead partnerships, content acquisition and new product integrations with top-tier media companies across the suite of initiatives ranging from VR to AR platforms. 
Enterprise Partnerships: Build the non-consumer business for FRL products. Drive enterprise adoption and ISV programs to enable collaboration and "Future of Work" use cases. 
Distribution Partnerships: Drive strategy and management of OEMs, MNOs and other partners to build and distribute new devices. 
20+ years of relevant work experience in partnerships and product. 
Commercial experience in hardware and software services. 
Experience scaling an organization and lead at a rapid pace. 
Global Experience. 
Experience working in a cross-functional capacity within a fast-paced, changing environment. 
Experience building new ecosystems. 
Strong team-building experience growing successful organizations from the ground up. 
Experience thinking strategically across all aspects of structuring and executing on a deal. 
Knowledge and curiosity for product. 
Experience leading with Humility. 
Strong listening and communication skills. 
Technical background with an understanding of product. 
Hunter mentality and experience unlocking new opportunities. 
Deep understanding, empathy and awareness of Consumers. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Vice President salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 622 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
