
 
 
 
 Data Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Specialist Haptik Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location: Remote, 1 - Vacancy - Full-time 
 
 What we want to accomplish and why we need you? 
 
Haptik is one of the world's largest Conversational AI companies, having reached over 100 million devices, and processed over 2 billion conversations till date. Haptik has been at the forefront of the paradigm shift of interaction from clicks to conversations. We have built a robust set of technology and tools that can enable any kind of conversational application. With a 100-member strong team, including some of the finest minds in Artificial Intelligence, Haptik is truly poised to lead the Conversational AI revolution. We are building bots for all sizes, big and small - come and join us! 
 
We are on the lookout for a dynamic individual in the Inside Sales Team who specializes in lead generation and have experience in building a list of fresh, relevant and geo-targeted prospects based on your target market. 
 
What will you do every day? 
 Research & extract relevant details about companies, senior executives by using different research processes on the internet. 
 Generate high quality leads from LinkedIn and websites through various tools and extensions. 
 Manage and extract required data from all incoming data files coming from sources such as exhibitions, events, etc. 
 Manage master data, including creation, updates, and deletion for the inside-sales team to run outbound sales activities. Be hands-on with various tools like LinkedIn, HubSpot, MS Office which the Inside sales team uses 
 Review data for inconsistencies or anomalies. 
 Ok, you're sold, but what are we looking for in the perfect candidate? 
 Excellent communication skills. Remember communication is not what you say but what other people understand. 
 Work with cross-functional teams, internal and external with ease and drive them towards a common goal. 
 Handle large datasets (structured & unstructured) 
 Maintain MIS of Data collation & Compilation 
 Can adapt to change and is open to learning new skills 
 A quick learner with an ability to work as part of a team 
 Requirements* 
 Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Businesses Administration, Business Management, or related field. 
 Experience 0-2 years 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Excellent ability to work with large data sets 
 Good organizational skills 
 Good verbal and written communication skills 
 
 Requirements is such a strong word. We don’t necessarily expect to find a candidate that has done everything listed, but you should be able to make a credible case that you’ve done most of it and are ready for the challenge of adding some new things to your resume. 
 
Tell me more about Haptik 
 On a roll: Announced major strategic partnership in April 2019 with Jio in a $100 million deal. 
 Great team: You will be working with great leaders who have been listed in Business World 40 Under 40, Forbes 30 Under 30 and MIT 35 Under 35 Innovators. 
 Great culture: The freedom to think and innovate is something that defines the culture of Haptik. Every person is approachable. While we are working hard, it is also important to take breaks to not get too worked up. 
 Huge market: Disrupting a massive, growing AI market. The global market is projected to attain a valuation of $9 billion by the end of 2024. 
 Emerging technology: We are moving to an AI first world, and Haptik is one of the largest AI first companies globally, based out of India. 
 Great customers: Some of the most notable brands in the world - Oyo Rooms, Samsung, Tata Teleservices, Club Mahindra, KFC, Coca-Cola, to count a few. 
 Impact: A fun and exciting start-up culture that empowers its people to make a huge impact. 
 
 
Working hard for things that we don't care about is stress, but working hard for something we love is called passion! At Haptik we passionately solve problems in order to be able to move faster and each Haptikan imbibes our key values of honesty, ownership, perseverance, communication, impact, curiosity, courage, agility and selflessness. Haptik 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Haptik in Remote Data Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Haptik Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
