
 
 
 
 Copywriter - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Copywriter NextStep 7 reviews Seattle, WA Remote NextStep 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Scoop 
 
We’re looking for someone with diverse copywriting experience who is passionate about words and committed to making a difference. The copywriter will join a small-but-mighty marketing team working to open doors for people who may have been left out of traditional health care education and training models. If you’re a nimble writer able to persuade, educate, motivate and delight with your language, then NextStep may be the right place for you. 
 
As a copywriter, you’ll help concept and write a broad range of content: 
 
 Blogs 
 Multi-channel campaigns 
 Digital ads 
 Landing pages 
 Organic social media 
 Video scripts 
 App microcopy 
 Call scripts 
 Chatbots 
 Collateral materials 
 Billboards 
 Emails 
 Press releases 
 Presentation decks 
 And anything else that has words! 
 
 Best of all, you’ll join a team aimed at transforming the future of work and helping to solve the caregiver shortage. Interested in joining a dynamic company on a mission to make the world better? We want to talk to you! 
 
About Us 
 
NextStep is an innovative health care education and job placement company helping solve the accelerating caregiver crisis in the United States. We train and place workers displaced by automation and artificial intelligence with respected long-term care providers, benefiting both. NextStep’s blended-learning nursing assistant program gives learners the opportunity to start a new, rewarding career and provides employers a solution to their critical workforce needs. We also offer continuing education courses and the National COVID-Ready Caregiver Certification, which equips caregivers with the knowledge to keep themselves and those they care for safe during the pandemic. 
 
What you’ll love about this job: 
 
 See the positive impact of your work almost immediately. 
 Collaborate with a dynamic team that believes in the work we’re doing. 
 Hone your writing skills in an environment where creativity is valued. 
 
 What we’ll love about you: 
 
 4+ years broad copywriting experience ranging from digital ads to articles 
 A can-do attitude that lets you see every challenge as a fun puzzle to solve 
 Serious organizational skills and the ability to prioritize your work 
 A love for collaboration and fast-paced content creation 
 
 **Applicants must be residents in one of the following states: Washington, Alabama, California, Colorado, Montana, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, New York 
 
Benefits 
 
 100% employer-paid health insurance premiums for employees 
 Unlimited/self-managed paid time off 
 401K participation 
 Remote workforce 
 Stock options 
 Part of the vibrant Pioneer Square Labs startup community! 
 
 NextStep is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability that can be reasonably accommodated without undue hardship, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, citizenship, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status. Nextstep 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Copywriter jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at NextStep in Seattle, WA Copywriter salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NextStep 7 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
