
 
 
 
 Writer - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Writer Happify Health New York State Remote About Happify Health
 
Happify Health is a global software-enabled healthcare platform focused on improving mental and physical health. Our platform utilizes an evidence-based approach that delivers scientifically-validated programs which positively impact behavior to help manage chronic conditions alongside providing access to solutions such as telehealth, AI-powered coaching and access to therapeutics, as required, to improve peoples' everyday lives. Happify Health offers two core solutions for its customers and end-users; Digital Therapeutics and Care Delivery solutions and services across the healthcare ecosystem, including enterprises, health plans, health systems, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and individuals. Today, the Happify Health platform is available globally in 10 languages, supports more than 10 chronic conditions, and covers more than 20 million lives.
 About the Role
 
We're hiring a Writer who is passionate about guiding people through interactive content experiences, conversational Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) dialogues, and making mental health resources and concepts easier and more exciting to understand and use. You're a strategic thinker who can bring ideas to life in both short and long form, and adopt various voices for various audiences. You must be comfortable working across all digital platforms.
 
Happify Health has offices in New York and Massachusetts, but we are open to remote candidates.
 
Responsibilities
 
Experience creating social content for a consumer audience.
 
Write engaging, user-friendly content for self-guided programs, science-based activities, and email newsletters.
 
Write conversational A.I. dialogs in the voice of our digital coach, Anna, keeping the user's experience and a natural flow of dialogue top of mind.
 
Turn research-focused, clinician-created content into engaging, user-friendly language in the Happify voice.
 
Transform ideas from clinical experts and product teams into copy that sings in every nook and cranny of a digital experience.
 
Qualifications
 
Proven success making mental and physical health content engaging, interesting, and readable, while also maintaining accuracy and research standards.
 
Demonstrated excellence working within tight word counts—headlines and subject lines are where you shine.
 
Familiarity and comfort writing for an audience focused on mental health, improving their well-being, as well as those with specific chronic conditions.
 
Experienced in newsletter copy, and ability to craft subject line copy and track success via open rate and other metrics.
 
Comfort with extremely short form copy, as well as longer form articles and content.
 
Ability to manage multiple deadlines and varied projects on a consistent basis.
 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, technical, and mission-focused environment.
 
Experience writing in an A.I. environment is a plus.
 
#LI-Remote
 Happify values candidates with different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We do not discriminate based upon ethnicity, age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, socioeconomic status, disability, or veteran status. We're committed to building a company that is an inclusive environment for all.
 
There have been cases of scams targeting candidates by individuals pretending to work at Happify. We will never ask you to share financial information to participate in our recruiting process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, please consider filing a report with law enforcement. If you'd like to verify an email you received from Happify, please write us at verify@happify.com . Happify Health 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Writer jobs in New York State Jobs at Happify Health in New York State Writer salaries in New York State Company Info Follow Get job updates from Happify Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
