
 
 
 
 Mechanical Design Engineer - Folsom, CA 95630 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Mechanical Design Engineer Intel 5,431 reviews Folsom, CA 95630 Intel 5,431 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The Controller & Hardware Engineering (CHE) team is part of the Intel Optane Group (IOG) business group within Intel that is responsible for the design, development, and verification of Intel® Optane™ based Persistent Memory and Solid State Drives (SSDs) for both client and enterprise applications. The CHE Hardware team is involved in all product phases ranging from product architecture, Printed Circuit Board (PCB) circuit design, mechanical enclosure design, simulations, layout, prototyping and validation leading to high volume manufacturing. 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Research, design, and develop mechanical and electromechanical devices or systems. 
Development of system concepts, conducting design previews, performing system acceptance, and resolving design and implementation issues. 
Responds to customer/client requests or events as they occur. 
Develops solutions to problems utilizing formal education and judgement. 
Soft Skills: 
Good verbal and written communications skills, in the form of test plans, reports and presentations. 
Qualifications 
 Education: 
Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field. 
Minimum Required Qualifications: 
4+ years of experience in the following areas:  Mechanical design and drafting with SolidWorks or Creo.  Applying heat transfer and structural analysis to product design.  Drafting and applying GDT to manufacturing drawings per ANSI Y14.5M standard.  Analyzing mechanical tolerance stacks using EXCEL, JMP, Crystal Ball or equivalent tools.  Designing products using one of the following fabrication processes: casting, extrusion, or stamping.  Product Data Management experience using Intel SPEED. 
 Additional Preferred Qualifications: 
 · 2+ years of experience independently creating design verification test plans and design-of-experiments.  2+ years performing CFD simulations using FloTherm, Icepak or similar software.  2+ years product data management using Windchill.  1+ years performing structural simulations using FEA tools such as ANSYS or ABAQUS.  Experience performing or directing shock and vibration testing of electronic packages.  Experience in PCB design and layout design rules using Cadence Allegro PCB.  Experience in mechanics of materials.  Experience in the application of DFMEA process.  Experience with creating project development plans and schedules.  Experience with managing multiple projects.
 Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel Just posted original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mechanical Designer jobs in Folsom, CA Jobs at Intel in Folsom, CA Mechanical Designer salaries in Folsom, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,431 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
