
 
 
 
 Partner Support Engineer III - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Partner Support Engineer III Expedia.com 953 reviews Austin, TX Expedia.com 953 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Partner Support Engineer II 
Do you want to transform the experience of millions of travelers the world over? Do you love working with a creative engineering team in building an intelligent, scalable, and personalized travel assistance platform? Do you want to work with state of the art technologies such as real-time streaming, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning? Our goal is to build the best conversational bot platform that can meet customers on any channel (social, SMS, web, or voice), use AI/ML to understand/anticipate their needs, and deliver unparalleled service. 
As a Software Engineer, you will support partners throughout the lifecycle of their Virtual Agent development. You will also work with internal and external partners and customers during the onboarding, development, troubleshooting, and deployment phases of their Virtual Agents based on the Expedia Group Conversation Platform. 
Your solutions will provide the ultimate customer experience needed to anticipate and resolve customer's questions using an automated assistant. 
What you'll do: 
Support internal and external partners using the Expedia Group Conversation Platform 
Deliver on team goals and partner effectively in defining technical solutions 
Excel in communicating with partners, customers, and teammates clearly and consistently 
Work across organizational boundaries to collaborate with other technology teams to resolve integrated problems 
Update the Knowledge Base with your finding while helping others troubleshooting and resolving issues 
Who you are: 
Proficient in RESTful APIs (HTTP/S, HTTP methods, JSON payloads, etc) 
Proficiency in programming languages like JavaScript, Python, Java 
Familiarity with AWS infrastructure and services 
Familiarity with relational and No-SQL databases 
Passion for building a Conversational AI platform is highly desired 
Why join us: 
Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are a global travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and bring the world within reach – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work and to provide them the tools to do so. 
Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing, or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares. 
If you have a hunger to make a difference with one of the most loved brands in the world and to work in the dynamic travel industry, this is the job for you. 
Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, Vrbo®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com™, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia Cruises™ and SilverRail Technologies, Inc. For more information, visit www.expediagroup.com. L1-GB3 
About Expedia Group
 Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, Egencia®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™.
 © 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50 
Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Expedia 19 days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Support Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Expedia.com in Austin, TX Support Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Expedia.com Expedia.com 953 reviews Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
