
 
 
 
 Supply Chain Sourcing and Analytics Senior Consultant - Phoenix, AZ 85012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Supply Chain Sourcing and Analytics Senior Consultant Deloitte 10,102 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85012 Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Supply Chain Sourcing and Analytics Senior Consultant
 Do you like to challenge the status quo? Does curiosity feed your soul? Are you addicted to the thrill of creating? Do you want to be your authentic self at work? Then consider a career within our Supply Chain practice. Creative design, state-of-the-art technology, and your imagination merge here to create lasting impact for our clients. Not to mention make for a pretty fun and meaningful career!
 The team 
We work with clients to solve their most complex and strategic operational challenges. Our team spans the supply chain from procurement to manufacturing and all through connecting the supply to the customer. In today's world we can't do that without working together across the supply chain and using data and analytics to get our clients insights in real time, all the time. Many of our clients are trying to keep up with companies based solely on an interconnected supply chain; we modernize their supply chains using artificial intelligence, machine learning and connected products resulting in a competitive asset for the entire organization.
 Work you'll do 
As a Senior Consultant you will work in a collaborative and diverse team environment providing many opportunities to have an active voice. You will advise clients on their Supply Chain and Operations strategy and work with them to implement next generation solutions. Deloitte brings world-class supply network capabilities, operational know-how, advanced analytics, and industry-specific hybrid solutions experience to our clients; specializing in: Digital Supply Networks, Internet of Things, Sourcing and Procurement, Manufacturing, Product Development, Dynamic Fulfillment, and Synchronized Planning.
 
Illustrative activities include: 
 
 Work directly with clients to understand their Supply Chain, Manufacturing and related processes, capabilities, and systems 
 Set engagement objectives and scope, develop work plans, and coordinate activities across and between multiple project workstreams
 Identify and implement strategic programs for clients' operations departments, and develop ways to assess, measure, and improve operational performance
 Assess and/or guide the assessment of large datasets to discover meaningful patterns, trends and relationships
 Develop advanced analytics and / or cognitive approaches to generate insights and improve supply chain performance
 
 Qualifications 
 Required 
 
 5 + years consulting and/or industry experience
 Bachelor's Degree
 Experience with the delivery of Sourcing & Procurement projects from strategy through implementation leading a work-stream.
 Experience including two or more of the following: Spend analytics, RFx and Strategic Sourcing execution, supplier negotiation, contract management, supply and material management, demand management, operational procurement, category management, vendor management, or business process improvement
 Limited immigration sponsorship may be available
 Ability to travel up to 50% (While up to 50% travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice)
 
 procurement21ww Deloitte 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analytics Consultant jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Deloitte in Phoenix, AZ Analytics Consultant salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
