
 
 
 
 Researcher - Warren, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher General Motors 8,978 reviews Warren, MI General Motors 8,978 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About GM 
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors. 
 
To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future. 
Why Work for Us 
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities. 
Job Description 
The Analytics Research Department within the Advanced Analytics Center of Expertise (COE) is looking for highly motivated, collaborative individuals to join our growing team. Our mission is to identify and analyze strategic opportunities to improve GM’s profitability, increase operational efficiency and provide customer insights. Application focus areas are enterprise-wide including customer analytics, finance, marketing, product development, revenue management, quality, and supply chain and logistics. 
This position requires mathematical expertise, creative problem solving, cross-functional communication, teamwork, technical documentation, and presentation and project/technical leadership skills. Candidates should demonstrate an exceptional ability to adapt to ambiguous business objectives, and clearly communicate the value of business analytics to a non-technical audience. 
Additional Job Description 
Requirements: 
Ph.D. preferred / MS required with 1-3 years experience in a technical discipline, such as operations research, applied mathematics, statistics, decision science, econometrics, engineering, marketing, or artificial intelligence/machine learning 
Excellent collaboration skills with project teams, management, customers, and experts 
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a particular strength in explaining technical concepts to non-technical audiences 
Ability to quickly learn and adapt skills to work on various projects in different technical and functional areas 
Ability and willingness to contribute on multiple levels including: data preparation, algorithm development, documentation, programming, project management, conducting experiments, and interacting with clients 
Interested in systems-level modeling and analysis of complex problems that may be poorly defined and cross functional, and may have uncertainty, multiple objectives, or decisions involving trade-offs 
Proficient in one or more of the following (or equivalent): AMPL/GAMS, AnyLogic, C/C++, CPLEX/Gurobi, Java, LISREL, OpenCL, OpenCV, Python, R, SQL, SAS, SPSS, SmartPLS, Stata, TensorFlow, Weka, GPU/parallel programming experience 
Benefits Overview 
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others: 
 Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents; Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family; Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement; Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
 Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing; Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends. 
Diversity Information 
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statements 
The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com . In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. General Motors 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Warren, MI Jobs at General Motors in Warren, MI Researcher salaries in Warren, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Motors General Motors 8,978 reviews Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that wil... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
