
 
 
 
 Director, Clinical Innovation - Wellesley, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Clinical Innovation Harvard Pilgrim Health Care 102 reviews Wellesley, MA Harvard Pilgrim Health Care 102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Are you interested in becoming part of a dynamic team that is looking to innovate and improve? 
Would you like to work for a company that has been rated by the BBJ (15+yrs) as one of the best places to work? 
Do you want to be part of a company that is committed to giving back to the community? 
 
Harvard Pilgrim Health Care is currently seeking highly motivated individuals to join our team as the  Director of Clinical Innovation.  The  Director of Clinical Innovation  is responsible for identifying innovative opportunities that reinforce our reputation as an innovation leader and commitment to health equity and Behavioral Health. The position will be responsible for prospecting, selecting, leading, and executing clinical innovation initiatives related to a wide variety of opportunities for clinical innovation, some of which include innovative behavioral health solutions, artificial intelligence, digital therapeutics, and social determinants of health. 
 
 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING: 
 Responsible for developing the strategy that aligns with goals of Combined Org and guide decisions regarding which opportunities serve broader organizational goals. 
 Lead the development of the business case for new partnerships and projects. 
 Stay abreast of external developments in industry, including but not limited to 1) engaging with local, regional and national trade associations, 2) reviewing emerging literature in this rapidly changing area, 3) be aware of competitor activity 
 Generate, ideate and assess opportunities within the domain, and prioritize those which merit pursuits. Work with the other domain leads to develop and maintain a roadmap of all potential Clinical Innovation partnerships to maintain a growing and diversified pipeline. 
 Accountable for leading execution, managing throughout lifecycle of initiative, overseeing analysis and final evaluation, including decision whether to embed in core Combined Org offerings. Ensure initiatives are properly designed to ensure capable of demonstrating the desired outcome and stay within budget. 
 Seek out opportunities for collaboration resulting in funded projects with the Harvard Pilgrim Institute. 
 Lead role to conduct due diligence and drive execution of contracts and related business agreements. 
 Be known internally across Combined Org as in-house expert and ensure that LOB’s aware of initiatives and understand how they support their business objectives 
 Reinforce and expand HPHC national reputation as industry thought leader 
 
 Qualifications 
WHAT YOU NEED: 
 Master’s degree and 7-10 years of relevant business experience required, including developing and deploying strategy: clinical degree (RN, pharmacist or more advanced degree) preferred. 
 Previous experience vetting, introducing and implementing innovation programs and solutions required. 
 Experience in and the ability to discern clinical benefits, direct financial benefits and potential benefits of innovative vendor proposals required. 
 Contracting experience required. 
 Resilient, collaborative, flexible, innovative. 
 
 WHAT MAKES US STAND OUT: 
 Work-Life-Flexibility 
 Paid volunteer time off (up to 3 days annually) 
 Open Time Off 
 Annual Mini-Grant of $500 donated to a non-profit organization of the employee’s choice 
 Educational Reimbursement 
 
 Working Environment 
Must be able to work under normal office conditions and work from home as required. 
 DISCLAIMER 
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Management retains the discretion to add to or change the duties of the position at any time. 
 
 Primary Location :  United States of America-Massachusetts-Wellesley 
 
Organization :  653 CLINICAL INNOVATION Harvard Pilgrim Health Care 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Clinical Director jobs in Wellesley, MA Jobs at Harvard Pilgrim Health Care in Wellesley, MA Clinical Director salaries in Wellesley, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Harvard Pilgrim Health Care 102 reviews Who We Are

Quite simply, we are your dedicated partner in health care, and our sole mission is to improve the quality and value of hea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
