
 
 
 
 Controls Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Controls Engineer Wisk Aero Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Wisk, we believe that less time getting there means more time being there for the moments that truly matter. We are an urban air-mobility company dedicated to delivering safe everyday flight for everyone. Our self-flying air taxi, Cora, will make it possible to skip the traffic and get to where you’re going, faster. Join us to craft a better world by opening access to the sky. 
 
 We are looking for a Senior Controls Engineer to join our GNC Team in designing an exciting new class of electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) vehicles for the emerging frontier of urban-air mobility. You will be responsible for designing and implementing controls algorithms, state estimation methods, and self-flying autonomous software. You will model and create software that runs on full scale airplanes, as well as being responsible for supporting the flight tests of those new algorithms. You will develop and bring about safe autonomous flight by following standard aviation certification processes, performing rigorous testing and utilizing formal method analysis techniques. 
Responsibilities: 
Conduct analysis activities and prototype solutions or improvements 
Develop and verify requirements for satisfying SW certification objectives 
Take ownership of features and design new algorithms and software logic 
Implement new models in our simulation engine using first principles, empirical data, or system identification 
Obtain a high level of familiarity with our vehicle’s avionics, software architecture, and source code 
Contribute to software development and verification activities via a Model-Based Design (MBD) approach for developing high-integrity SW 
Support flight test and HIL activities in debugging anomalies and issues 
Requirements: 
B.S. or M.S. in Aeronautical Engineering, Mechanical/Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science with at least 5 years of industry experience 
Knowledge of estimation and control theory 
Practical experience with design and implementation of control systems 
Strong MATLAB & Simulink and C-code software engineering skills 
Strong simulation and physical modeling background 
Strong linear algebra and calculus skills 
Familiarity with MacOS/Linux/Unix environment 
Desired: 
Experience with path planning, trajectory optimization, or GNC (Guidance Navigation and Control) 
Experience developing high-integrity software using MathWorks toolchain 
Experience with DO-178C certification and DO-331 MBD supplement 
Experience with embedded systems 
Experience with sensor fusion (accels, gyros, GPS, pressure transducers, vision, lidar, radar, ultrasound, etc.) 
Good grasp of aerodynamics and aircraft flight dynamics 
Experience writing software requirements 
Background in optimization, probabilities or machine learning (ML)/artificial intelligence (AI) 
We are located in Mountain View just a couple of hundred feet from Shoreline Lake and its surrounding walking/jogging trails. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision and life insurance (company pays 100% of employee premium), alternative work schedule (9/80), flexible time off, 10 company holidays, a 401(k) plan with 50% company matching (no vesting period), commuter assistance, and education assistance. And on top of all that, we also offer a variety of perks such as free catered lunches, flight lessons, gym membership subsidies, snacks, drinks, fruits, employee referral bonus, charitable giving match, IP bonus program, happy hours and many more. 
 
Wisk Aero provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Wisk Aero abides by applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 
Wisk Aero is an E-Verify employer. Wisk Aero 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Controls Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Wisk Aero in Remote Controls Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wisk Aero Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
