
 
 
 
 Director, Artificial Intelligence Initiative - University Park, PA 16802 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Artificial Intelligence Initiative Penn State University 1,413 reviews University Park, PA 16802 Penn State University 1,413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Pennsylvania State University seeks a visionary and exceptionally collaborative leader to serve as the inaugural director of its Artificial Intelligence Initiative. Applications, inquiries, and nominations are invited.
 Penn State is continuing to develop broadly interdisciplinary capabilities in artificial intelligence (AI), where researchers are tackling exceptionally difficult challenges, ranging from fundamental research to application, and within a research environment known for interdisciplinary excellence. Penn State has created a culture of collaboration that is unrivaled, one that motivates novel team science for innovation and impact.
 Penn State’s strong multi-disciplinary research base in artificial intelligence spans machine learning and expert systems, computational social science, and policy, covering the gamut of fundamental discoveries to translational applications. Penn State’s current application areas include radiation oncology, protein translation, human disorders, ethics, transportation, energy, cyber, national security, and more. The opportunity to develop solutions for societal challenges are unbounded.
 The director will catalyze university-wide interdisciplinary research for innovation in the broad area of artificial intelligence. The faculty seek a colleague who will connect investigators from diverse backgrounds and unite them in pursuing novel research directions, which will simultaneously advance the field of AI research while increasing recognition of Penn State as a leading university in AI. The new director will help define and create a national identity for interdisciplinary AI research excellence at Penn State and strengthen its reputation. The selected candidate will have the opportunity to engage with donors, sponsors, and outreach activities to grow AI at Penn State more broadly.
 The AI director will report to the director of the Institute for Computational and Data Sciences (ICDS) with a secondary reporting relationship to the director of the Social Sciences Research Institute (SSRI), recognizing that AI impacts people, and therefore, that the human dimension of AI should be central to AI research and innovations. Additional oversight will be provided by the Senior Vice President for Research to whom the ICDS and SSRI directors report. This structure will provide the director with administrative and staff support from within the Institutes, and allow the Initiative to have visibility at the highest levels within the University. It also provides a unique opportunity to create programs and research directions at the boundaries of disciplines, capturing diverse perspectives and ensuring the benefits of AI reach across all aspects of society. Penn State consistently ranks among the nation’s top 25 public research universities, with fiscal year 2020 research expenditures exceeding $1 billion.
 Penn State is a public, land grant, research-intensive university with campuses and facilities throughout Pennsylvania. Founded in 1855, the University has a threefold mission of teaching, research, and public service. Its instructional mission includes undergraduate, graduate, professional, and continuing education offered through resident instruction and online delivery. Annual enrollment at its 24 campuses totals more than 100,000 graduate and undergraduate students, making it one of the largest universities in the United States.
 The future director will possess broad intellectual capacities, strong scholarly credentials, leadership expertise and experience, and exceptional communication and interpersonal skills to actualize a compelling vision and plan for the future of AI research at Penn State. The successful candidate will have a Ph.D. in data science, information technology, computer science, engineering, mathematics, or closely related fields. Candidates from other fields and or professional backgrounds (e.g. government, industry) with relevant academic credentials and substantial experience and technical expertise in AI will also be considered. U.S. citizenship is required.
 WittKieffer is assisting Penn State in this search. All applications, nominations, and inquiries are invited. Applications should include, as separate documents, a CV or resume and a letter of interest addressing the themes in the leadership profile, which can be found at www.wittkieffer.com . For fullest consideration, candidate materials should be received by May 28, 2021 and submitted using WittKieffer’s candidate portal .
 Please direct nominations and inquiries to the WittKieffer consultants supporting this search: Suzanne Teer and Jessica Herrington at PennStateAIDirector@wittkieffer.com .
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Director salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,413 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
