
 
 
 
 Financial Analyst - Burlington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Financial Analyst Nuance 473 reviews Burlington, MA Nuance 473 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary: 
Nuance is looking to hire a  Financial Analyst  to work on our Enterprise Project Office (EPO) Team out of our Burlington, MA facility once we return to our offices some time in 2021. This person will work closely with our Finance/FP&A group. They will be responsible for the creation, accuracy and timeliness of critical information needed to support our Global team in the successful implementation of our Healthcare products and services. This role does not have an option to work remotely long term. 
Responsibilities: 
This role will be involved in a variety of critical areas of our implementation process that include but may not limited to the following: 
Revenue Forecasting 
Utilization reporting 
Bookings to revenue analysis 
Backlog reporting and analysis 
Close working relationship with FP&A 
Analysis of partner relationship 
Budget analysis and monitoring 
Qualifications: 
2 or more years experience in FP&A, Finance or similar Business Analyst role 
Education - Bachelors in Finance 
Required Experience: 
Highly proficient with Excel and MS Office Applications 
Experience in revenue forecasting and analysis 
Experience building cross functional relationships 
Positive and proactive attitude and willing to conquer any opportunity 
Desired Experience: 
Experience with Salesforce and FinancialForce 
 
Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
 Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. Nuance 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Financial Analyst jobs in Burlington, MA Jobs at Nuance in Burlington, MA Financial Analyst salaries in Burlington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 473 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
