
 
 
 
 Solution Line Manager (Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence) - Solutions CoC - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Solution Line Manager (Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence) - Solutions CoC Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Austin, TX Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Solution Line Manager 
As a global business with groundbreaking products, there’s always scope for Dell Technologies to grow sales and expand market share. So, a highly skilled Product Marketing team is essential. We develop and implement strategic approaches to solutions and technology marketing that put our products and services at the forefront of our customers’ minds. Always ready to adjust strategies in response to market change and competition, our team works closely with sales, product partners and vendors. 
Join us as a Solution Line Manager on our Product Marketing team to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact. 
What you’ll achieve 
As a Solution Line Manager, you will own and project manage product marketing initiatives, working closely with other members of marketing, sales and product management. 
You will: 
 Own the creation of sophisticated marketing results Develop press review guides and presentations, as well as conducting press tours for new product launches Lead and drive development, product management and sales to manage product life cycle 
Take the first step towards your dream career 
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role: 
 
Essential Requirements 
 Experience in product marketing: assessing market requirements, investigating new technologies, developing recommendations for technical product direction, establishing plans as well as strategies and roadmap plan-of-records 8 to 12 years of related experience Good understanding of the competition Proficiency in technical illustration 
Desirable Requirements 
 Bachelor’s degree Understanding of products and their value to the customer Ability to influence others to achieve results and to work effectively with senior management 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here. 
 Job ID: R101883 Dell 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Solutions Manager jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Dell Technologies in Austin, TX Solutions Manager salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
