
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Product Manager - Dearborn, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Product Manager Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Dearborn, MI Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Dearborn 
 Ford Motor Company 
 GDIA 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
 
 What you’ll be able to do: 
Ford Motor Company’s Global Data Insight & Analytics (GDI&A) organization is seeking a Product Manager that embraces lean and agile practices and can share our passion for building an Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) platform. This role will work in a small, cross-functional teams. The position will interact directly and continuously with business partners, software engineers and product designers, to release software and capabilities early and often. The team you will be working on is passionate about building an AI/ML enablement platform to democratize Machine Learning capabilities across the Ford enterprise. 
 
 You will: 
Work closely with GDI&A Partners to understand their product vision and break it down into an actionable backlog of user stories for the engineering development team. 
Focus on delivering product value through careful and deliberate prioritization. 
Work hands-on with the development team and other stakeholders to prioritize, plan, and deliver software and infrastructure that meets client requirements. 
Facilitate Agile ceremonies with the product team and working sessions with the partner group(s). 
Help innovate and iterate on agile PM processes and share our takeaways. 
Mentor and train other Product Managers, Technical Anchors, Software Engineers and Product Owners to help them learn agile methods and build skills. 
The minimum requirements we seek: 
Bachelor’s degree 
3+ years managing software development teams in an Agile environment 
2+ years’ experience with CA Agile Central (Rally) or similar Agile Tools. 
Our preferred requirements:
 Masters or PhD degree 
3+ years of demonstratable experience leading teams, capture requirements, understand the customer, come up with solutions 
1+ years of experience with Lean methodology.
 1+ years of experience defining and prioritizing product features with software engineers. 
1+ years of experience in design or software development, and exposure to Test-Driven Development or Paired Programming. 
Any recent experience in delivering machine learning and/or Python software products using iterative approaches 
An understanding of Computer Vision principles and techniques 
Any experience collaborating with engineers, designers and product owners as part of co-located teams 
Previous success working with an Agile development team. 
 
What you’ll receive in return: 
As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
 
If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us. 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 
For information on Ford's salary and benefits, please visit: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-1.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 46454BR 
 State 
 Michigan
 Skill Team 
 Global Data, Insights & Analytics (GDIA)
 Sub-Component 
 GDI&A Ford Motor Company 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machining Manager jobs in Dearborn, MI Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Dearborn, MI Machining Manager salaries in Dearborn, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
