
 
 
 
 Senior Software Development Engineer - AWS Artificial Intelligence (AI) - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Development Engineer - AWS Artificial Intelligence (AI) Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 4+ years of professional software development experience 
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems 
 
In this role, you will build a new AWS service that is going to be trend setting in the machine learning and AI field. This is an area that requires solving the hardest engineering challenges to enable machine learning powered solutions for our customers. As a tier zero Amazon service our solutions have to be scalable, efficient, and fault tolerant. Experience with machine learning systems is preferred, but not required. You will deliver some of our most strategic technical projects, deliver large scalable systems, design new software systems at the cutting edge of distributed database technology and have a significant bottom-line impact on our business and competitive position. In addition to delivering critical software, you will draw from a deep and broad technical expertise to mentor engineers and provide leadership on complex technical issues. This position within the AWS AI team presents a unique and rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor within a fast growing business and help shape the technology, product and the business. A successful candidate will bring deep technical and software expertise, desire to have an industry wide impact and ability to work within a fast moving, startup environment in a large company to rapidly deliver services that have a broad business impact.
 
About Us
 Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Passionate about Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML)? How about Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) or Natural Language Understanding (NLU)? If you are a passionate and innovative engineer interested in developing the next generation of AI services, we're looking for you!
 
As a Senior Software Development Engineer on the Amazon Transcribe team, you will be responsible for developing, testing, and deploying distributed AI and machine learning systems at enterprise scale for our worldwide customer base. Our customers utilize Amazon Transcribe for multiple compelling use cases including sub-titling movies and TV, to providing real-time feedback to customer contact centers. Please check out https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe for additional information.
 
With products such as Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Translate and Amazon Comprehend, AWS AI is setting the standard for bringing high-performance, easy-to-use and cost-effective AI services to the world. Amazon Transcribe is an industry leading Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) service supporting a wide variety of customer use cases in multiple languages. Our goal is to provide the most accurate, precise and performant ASR system available for customers around the world. We apply advanced ML technologies to power our service and constantly explore new development areas to bring our product to the next level.
 
As a primary contributor to this vision, you will collaborate closely with ML scientists to innovate, influence our overall strategy and define the team’s road map. You will help shape the system architecture, promote development and deployment best practices, and help us deliver the highest quality product to our customers. A successful candidate has a passion for learning and innovation, experience in engineering large scale software systems, a strong technical ability, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment. Existing education or experience in AI applications is a plus.
 
If you are interested in innovating and making an impact in our industry's fastest moving technology space, come join us!
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
 
 
 Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers 
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project 
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs. 
 Masters or PhD in Computer Science 
 Machine Learning or AI application development 
 Experience with deep learning systems will be a big plus. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
