
 
 
 
 VP of Customer Success - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP of Customer Success Pixalate, Inc. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Pixalate? 
 
The Marketing industry is losing confidence with consumers and advertisers alike. Fraud, Malvertising, industry kickbacks are exposing everyone to security and PR risks. 
 
We are on a mission to change that! 
 
Our goal is to help Digital Advertising ecosystem become a safer, smarter and more trustworthy place to transact in, by providing comprehensive intelligence using our world-class data. Our products provide benchmarks, analytics, research and threat intelligence solutions to the global media industry. We make this happen by processing over 10PB (yes, that's 10,000 terabytes) of data and trillions of data point a day across desktop, mobile, tablets, connected-tv that are generated using Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence-based models. 
 
We are the World's #1 decision-making platform for Digital Advertising. And don't just take our word for it - Forrester Research consistently depends on our monthly indexes to make industry predictions. 
What does the media say about us? 
For the most current news stories about Pixalate: 
http://www.pixalate.com/press/ 
Position Overview 
We are looking for a dynamic, data-driven and charismatic manager/leader to lead our International Customer Success team in New York. The successful candidates will be able to establish and maintain active relationships with client accounts through regular and consistent engagement, demonstrating deep market knowledge and programmatic expertise. 
What will you do? 
Present Pixalate solutions to key clients within the programmatic ecosystem, including major sell-side platforms (“SSPs”), demand-side platforms (“DSPs”), ad exchanges, and publishers 
Maintain awareness of client needs and opportunities for expansion 
Own renewals, upsells, QBRs 
Build a strategy for renewals, upsells and QBRs 
Have experience running meetings 
Negotiate and be responsible for pricing packaging proposals 
Be the lead presenter at client meetings 
Understand the competitive landscape, new industry developments and standards 
Drive positive customer success outcomes: retention, expansion, churn reduction, client advocacy, and account lifetime value 
Ensure Pixalate product adoption, client satisfaction and account health 
What do you need to know? 
GOOD PRESENTATION SKILLS 
Programmatic digital advertising sufficiently well to communicate client requests to Pixalate’s technical teams 
Ad servers/exchanges/DSPs/SSPs and the role of each in the digital advertising ecosystem 
Differences and similarities among digital advertising channels (e.g., display, mobile web, in-app mobile, and OTT/CTV) 
Invalid traffic (IVT) and viewability in the context of digital advertising 
What skills, education and experience should you possess? 
BA/BS degree in business or related field or equivalent experience 
10+ years experience in Client-facing Ad Agency / Publisher / Ad Network / Advertising Technology Vendor / Technical Engineering or Account Management role 
Experience building, managing and maintaining world-class client-facing teams 
Experience with SaaS business models a plus and familiarity with MRR, ARR, churn and customer life-cycles 
Background in operational process-building as a direct contributor 
The goal-oriented mindset with an ability to own a number 
Excellent verbal and presentation skills, with experience with client-facing presentations 
Deep experience in working cross-functionally and facilitating and streamlining communication between teams 
Excellent time management and strong organization skills with an analytical, process-oriented mindset. 
Ability to maintain poise under stress, especially when resolving clients' time-sensitive issues 
Understanding of web-based applications and digital media ecosystem including industry terms, technology, and strategies. 
Ability to manage influence through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus-building. 
Maintain active customer conversations through regular and consistent engagement, demonstrating your market knowledge and programmatic expertise 
An enthusiastic and creative leader with the ability to inspire others 
Demonstrable ability to take ownership and accountability, and act on client goals and objectives in a technical environment 
What will you oversee? 
Onboarding 
Training 
Customer Support 
Business Reviews and Reporting 
Subscription Renewals / Cross-sells / Up-sells 
Account health assessments 
Advocacy 
Would you like working at Pixalate? 
Everyone’s a data addict and an analytical thinker 
Titles don’t mean much; you attain respect by producing results 
We appreciate small, highly-productive teams 
Slack is a way of life; short emails are encouraged 
We hold a fearless attitude in high esteem 
We worship bold ideas 
Chess players do well 
We revere collaboration, collaboration, collaboration! 
What perks do we have to offer? 
We focus on doing things differently and challenge each other to be the best we can be, offering our employees: 
Experienced leadership and founding team 
Casual environment 
Flexible hours (yes, we mean it - you will never have to sit in traffic anymore!) 
Subsidized lunches (via a GrubHub allowance) 
Fun team events 
High performing team that wants to win and have fun doing it 
Extremely competitive compensation 
Opportunity for advancement (Pixalate will be what you make it) 
 
 LCpHr81JGa Pixalate, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Pixalate in Remote Customer Success Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pixalate, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
