
 
 
 
 Embedded System Development Engineer - Cupertino, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Embedded System Development Engineer Plus 58 reviews Cupertino, CA Plus 58 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Plus is a cutting-edge self-driving technology company with the mission to apply artificial intelligence into logistics industry and passenger vehicles. We aim at improving vertical industry efficiency, upgrading industrial products, and offering a comprehensive product solution to real-world problems. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Integration and adjustment of automatic driving system domain controller, demand docking and clarification, and scheme design. 
 AUTOSAR platform development, embedded-driver development and function development. 
 Development and debugging of system diagnosis function and bootloader upgrade function. 
 System stability related issues and performance optimization. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Master's degree in Computer Science or related field. 
 Familiar with AUTOSAR architecture (including MCAL, BSW, RTE, SWC), diagnosis, OS module development, master vector AUTOSAR development tool chain. 
 Familiar with the application of AUTOSAR in multi-core chip, multi-core task allocation, inter core communication, control flow design and multi-core analysis tools. 
 Familiar with automotive electronic communication protocol, such as CAN, CAN FD, vehicle Ethernet, etc., experienced in development and debugging. 
 Familiar with iso26262 standard, a-spice process, functional safety related development. 
 Familiar with automotive electronic hardware and software design and embedded system architecture. 
 Rich experience in embedded development and program architecture design, deep understanding of software modularization and portability; understanding of embedded software development process. 
 
 Desirable Skills 
 
 Experience in Infineon aurix series multi-core chip development. 
 Experience in vehicle Ethernet, doip and UDS diagnosis development is better. 
 Achieved good results in the National Smart car challenge, robomaster, Robocon and other competitions. 
 High quality projects related to positions on GitHub or other open source platforms; 
 Automotive ECU, ADAS domain controller or UAV product development experience is preferred. Plus 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Cupertino, CA Jobs at Plus in Cupertino, CA System Engineer salaries in Cupertino, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Plus 58 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
