
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist U.Group 2 reviews Remote Remote U.Group 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About U.Group
 U.Group is an advanced technology and creative design company radically focused on using customer-centric innovation to create new opportunities in the public and private sectors. Working collaboratively out of offices in Arlington, VA, Washington, DC, Portland, OR, and in the heart of the action at client sites—U.Group delivers best-in-class digital services, powerful data platforms, augmented reality solutions, integrated marketing strategies, bundled services, and more. To learn more, visit www.U.Group. 
Please note:  This is an upcoming role that has been approved role but has not yet been prioritized for active hiring. It is in the talent acquisition backlog and will be cycled into the active rotation once we've closed out those roles that are currently a higher priority. 
 
 There may be a delay in response from our team as we will not be monitoring this role's applications immediately. That definitely doesn't mean that we aren't excited to learn more about you and your experience—we so appreciate your interest and are looking forward to activating this role soon! 
Role Summary 
Data Science at U.Group is dedicated to designing and engineering advanced data processing and analytics tools to drive the next generation of decision-making. You will join a diverse interdisciplinary team designing and integrating augmented intelligence capabilities into products and services. Our goals and ambitions are bigger than any one individual. As such, you will join a collaborative team where our knowledge and strengths are complementary. We emphasize cooperative education, where we continually expand and refine our craft. Your talent in software development will be just as important as your understanding of databases, statistics, and machine learning. Your creativity and ingenuity will be needed to solve challenging problems. Ultimately, you will be part of a broad team geared towards delivering quality products and services to our clients, communicating and collaborating with engineers, economists, marketing strategists, and designers, to name a few. 
Key Objectives 
 Key Objective 1: Plan, develop, and maintain sustainable data science services as components of larger applications. 
Plan, develop, and maintain data ingestion, pre-processing, feature engineering, and processing services to make training, test, and production data easily and repeatably useable for data science services. 
Plan, develop, and maintain core data science functionality (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and custom data analysis functionality) in these services that measurably improve customer outcomes. 
Plan, develop, and maintain systems for testing, evaluating, and improving the accuracy, efficiency, and value of these services for customer outcomes. 
Develop and deploy these services within larger environments and applications, coordinating with full-stack and DevOps engineers to implement and leverage containerized environments, version control, CICD deployment patterns, standard tools and technology stacks, testing practices, and code standards. 
Integrate these services with larger environments and applications, coordinating with full-stack and DevOps engineers to implement standardized service contracts, data security controls, and best coding standards and practices. 
Communicate problems, approaches, possibilities, expectations, results, and data science principles to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences. 
 Key Objective 2: Plan, develop, and maintain AI/ML solutions as standalone services, demonstrations, processes, and custom tools. 
Design, document, and communicate data and input requirements for developing standalone, repeatable AI/ML and data analysis solutions that measurably improve customer outcomes. 
Plan, develop, and maintain complete data science solutions, using and extending frameworks, libraries, technologies, and approaches that leverage industry-standard practices for entity resolution, image classification, decision support, feature engineering, and other categories of problems. 
Plan, develop, and maintain systems for testing, evaluating, and improving the accuracy, efficiency, and value of these solutions for customer outcomes. 
Coordinate with full-stack and DevOps engineers to implement and leverage standard tools and technology stacks, testing practices, and code standards. 
Implement these solutions so that their outputs can inform, apply to, and enrich data science services developed for integration with larger applications. 
Communicate problems, approaches, possibilities, expectations, results, and data science principles to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences. 
 Key Objective 3: Perform exploratory data analysis and communicate insights to customers and the product team 
Design, document, and communicate requirements and approach for data ingestion, pre-processing, feature engineering, and processing on custom data. 
Plan, develop, and maintain data analysis solutions, using and extending frameworks, libraries, technologies, and approaches to identify data features that measurably improve customer outcomes. 
Maintain a library of data analysis practices and approaches to grow our standard of practice and accelerate delivery. 
Develop and use creative solutions to communicate results, features, value, and further questions, including narrative descriptions, visualizations, and highlighted features. 
Communicate problems, approaches, possibilities, expectations, results, and data science principles to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences. 
 Life at  U.Group 
We encourage our colleagues to lead balanced lives. Our comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, vision, disability, wellness programs, flexible spending, 20 days paid time off, and paid holidays. We also offer: 
Flex Time and Remote Work Options 
Education reimbursement program 
Fitness Reimbursement 
Transit/parking subsidy program 
Parental Leave Policy 
Professional Development Program 
401(k) with Company Match 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY – Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, we will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. 
U.Group shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of protected veteran status or disability, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. U.Group 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at U.Group in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from U.Group 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
