
 
 
 
 Counsel, Insurance Division - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Counsel, Insurance Division Pagaya Investments New York, NY About Pagaya 
 
Pagaya is a financial technology company reshaping the asset management space using machine learning and big data analytics to manage institutional money. With a focus on fixed income and alternative credit, Pagaya offers a variety of discretionary funds to institutional investors including pension funds, insurance companies, and banks. 
 
Pagaya’s unique technology platform—Pagaya Pulse—runs on a suite of artificial intelligence technologies and state-of-the-art algorithms to deliver a consistently high and scalable performance edge. The company was founded in 2016 by seasoned finance and technology professionals with offices in New York and Tel Aviv. 
 
The team manages over $3.2 billion in assets on behalf of institutional investors around the world. Pagaya just completed its Series D financing of over $100M led by a prominent sovereign wealth fund. 
 
Our Team 
 
Our team comprises over 200 professionals in New York and Tel Aviv with expertise in artificial intelligence, data-rich alternative assets, and asset management. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams—people you can be proud to work with! 
 
Who We Are 
 
 Direct:  We believe in expedient and direct communication. 
 Rapid Learner:  We’re constantly learning. 
 Collaborative:  We value collaboration and teamwork. 
 Open-minded:  We’re always open to new ideas and ways of doing things. 
 Super Power:  We all have a special super-power that makes us a unique asset to the company. 
 
 Role Description 
 
As Counsel to our Insurance Division, you will provide the highest quality support to our insurance business. We are looking for a smart, motivated, self-starter to join our growing global legal team in a rapidly growing company. 
 
To be successful in this role, we’re looking for someone who is passionate about business growth. We want a candidate who is excited by the challenge of working in a legally complex global fintech company and who welcomes the dynamic environment that comes with a growing company. This role will engage with all levels of employees and management, so social and communication skills are vital to strong working relationships. 
 
The role reports to the [General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer (based in New York)] and will be located in New York. Remote location will be considered for the right candidate, with frequent travel to New York. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Lead counsel for Pagaya’s start-up P&C insurance business 
 Provide general and regulatory advice with respect to insurance operations and claims issues 
 Participate in strategy sessions regarding new insurance products and business opportunities (new product lines within P&C or other segments, etc.) 
 Assist in the development of systems and procedures to disseminate legal information to the insurance business 
 Review and comment on contracts with TPAs and other third party advisors 
 Provide regulatory and market updates 
 Review insurance policies and contract wording 
 Interact with organizations such as NAIC to address issues impacting insurance business 
 Provide legal assistance in connection with the preparation and submission of product filings with state regulators. Responding to regulatory criticisms on product filings. 
 Provide legal assistance for interactions with regulators. 
 Review marketing material and assist with introduction of new products into the marketplace 
 Provide general legal advice in other areas related to the company's insurance business 
 
 Requirements 
 
 A qualified attorney in the United States (preferably NY or CA) 
 7-10+ years experience in US law firm and/or in-house 
 Deep understanding of the P&C insurance regulatory environment 
 Native/Fluent English (written and spoken) 
 The ability and flexibility to work long and flexible hours based on the company’s needs 
 Excellent judgment and initiative in developing creative, practical, and effective solutions, using a business-first approach 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Generous paid time off policy 
 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance 
 Discretionary bonuses 
 Unlimited snacks and beverages 
 A diverse and inclusive culture Pagaya Investments 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Pagaya Investments in New York, NY Counsel salaries in New York, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
