
 
 
 
 Linux Administrator - Jacksonville, FL 32216 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Linux Administrator Duos Technologies, Inc. 9 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32216 Duos Technologies, Inc. 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
 We specialize in designing, developing, implementing, and supporting integrated advanced technology systems to address complex business challenges. Our proprietary technologies incorporate artificial intelligence applications, including video analytics-based security applications, intelligent process controls, and information technologies for a wide range of global customers. For more information, please visit our website at http://www.duostech.com/. 
 We are seeking to fill the position of Linux Administrator. This is a full-time, Exempt position located at our corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, FL and reports to the Vice President of Information Technology. 
 The Linux Administrator is responsible for installation, configuration and maintenance of Linux systems (Debian and Redhat based) and build and create scripts for automated deployment and configuration of Linux platforms using our RMM platform. The Linux Administrator must understand how interoperability is done with Linux and Windows platforms and contribute to overall design and configuration methods. In addition, serve as the primary escalation resource for all Linux systems internally and externally for issues that cannot be resolved at the Tier I and II levels. 
 Responsibilities and Duties: 
 Developing shell scripts for automation of maintenance and configuration. 
 Ubuntu Server configuration for new deployments. 
 Configuring procedures in Kaseya RMM platform. 
 Monitoring system patches and updating when needed. 
 Building and maintaining Linux machines in VSphere. 
 Documentation of all configurations and licensing used. 
 Configuring authentication for Linux system via Azure/AD. 
 Tier3 escalation resource for Linux based systems. 
 Qualifications and Skills: 
 Proven work experience using Linux platform 
 Able to multi-task 
 At least 5 years of experience as a Linux Systems Administrator 
 Strong understanding of TCP/IP 
 VMWare Experience 
 Excellent Documentation and Organization Skills 
 LPIC or Linux+ are preferred 
 Windows Server Administration Experience are preferred 
 Azure Administration Experience are preferred 
 Problem Solver 
 Positive Team Player 
 Organized 
 Excellent Communication Skills 
 Attention to Detail 
 Education and Experience: 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, IT or similar field. Master’s degree preferred. A combination of education, training, and experience will be considered. 
 5+ years’ Linux experience 
 Proficient with MS Office Suite of tools 
 Physical Requirements: 
 Work environment is typically indoors in a temperature-controlled environment with occasional work outdoors exposed to various environments. 
 May include up to 25% travel. 
 May occasionally be exposed to high noise levels. 
 Required to work near others, sharing an open office space and warehouse with other staff. 
 Benefits: 
 Generous compensation package with incentives based on performance. Benefit package includes paid group health, dental, life, and disability insurance; voluntary life insurance, vision, critical illness, and off the job accident insurance, a 401(k) plan with up to 4% match, Paid Time Off, and 10 paid company holidays. 
 Disclaimers: 
 This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive list of all responsibilities, duties, or activities required of the job, and are subject to change at any time, with or without notice. This job description does not constitute an employment contract. Employment is at will, meaning employment is for an indefinite period-of-time and is subject to termination by you or Duos Technologies, Inc., with or without cause, with or without notice, and at any time. 
 Duos Technologies, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and employees or applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law. 
 Duos Technologies, Inc. is a Drug Free Workplace. An offer of employment is contingent upon satisfactory results of a pre-employment drug screening and a background check. Duos Technologies, Inc. 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Systems Administrator jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at Duos Technologies in Jacksonville, FL Systems Administrator salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Duos Technologies, Inc. 9 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
