
 
 
 
 Software Developer-Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning - Washington, DC 20024 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer-Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Rigil Corporation 14 reviews Washington, DC 20024 Rigil Corporation 14 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Role: Software Developer-Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning 
 
About Rigil 
 
Rigil is an award-winning, woman-owned, small business that specializes in technology consulting, strategy consulting and product development. We value teamwork and strive to build strong leaders. 
 
Location 
 
Washington, D.C. 
 
Job type 
 
Full Time 
 
Qualifications: 
 
 Leads, designs, develops, tests and implements applications and system components, tools and utilities, models, simulation, and analytics to manage complex business functions. 
 Resolves coding, testing, and escalated platform issues that are technically challenging using modern technologies and frameworks. 
 Ensures that systems are monitored to increase operational efficiency and managed to mitigate risk. 
 Mentors and trains other members of the team. 
 Partners with Management, Products and IT teams effectively. 
 Focuses on building relevant capabilities in the organization to keep pace with demand and best practices in the industry. 
 
 Minimum qualifications:
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. 
 8 years of software engineering experience. 
 5 years of experience in artificial intelligence or machine learning. 
 Proficient using Python and/or Java. Rigil Corporation 13 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Rigil Corporation in Washington, DC Software Developer salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rigil Corporation Rigil Corporation 14 reviews Rigil is an award-winning, woman-owned, 8(a) small disadvantaged business that specializes in technology consulting, strategy consulting ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
