
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Consultant (AC4) Internal Audit Innovation team - Denver, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Consultant (AC4) Internal Audit Innovation team Wells Fargo 40,689 reviews Denver, CO Wells Fargo 40,689 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Important Note:  During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as 'Personal Cell' or 'Cellular' in the contact information of your application. 
At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. 
Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. 
Internal Audit  is a provider of independent, objective assurance services delivered through a highly competent and diverse team. As a business partner, Audit helps the company accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes. 
The Strategy and Operations Group Innovation team, led by an Audit Director, is responsible for driving innovation across Internal Audit including building continuous assurance solutions, reporting/visualizations, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and advanced analytics. The team is focused on transforming Internal Audit through these primary solution types. 
The Innovation team has an opening for a Business Intelligence Consultant/Analytics Consultant 4. Our team supports the entire audit division by providing reporting, metrics and dashboards that support audit planning, issue management, time reporting, budget reporting, audit coverage, and many other aspects related to the operations of Internal Audit. The Business Intelligence Consultant/Analytic Consultant 4 will be responsible for supporting the development, implementation, and execution of advanced analytic reporting solutions, primarily utilizing Tableau and SQL. The candidate will develop expertise in navigating the extensive production and analytical data environments within Wells Fargo and apply that expertise to provide value-added data analysis solutions and automation to the various audit teams. We are looking for a candidate with the proven ability to utilize data analysis methodologies and tools to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit reporting and analytics process. The Business Intelligence Consultant will lead development projects, identify insights and key trends, and act as an internal liaison for key business partners. 
Specifically, a successful candidate will: 
 Lead data-specific projects to develop analytical, interactive dashboards, primarily utilizing Tableau and SQL to improve internal audit's efficiency and effectiveness. 
 Contribute towards our positive, high-performing and diverse team culture in everything you do. 
 Have strong relationship management, influencing, organizational and execution skills; communicate effectively and ensure that all deliverables are met. 
 Partner with key stakeholders from each audit group to ensure feedback is incorporated into existing reporting and all reporting needs are met and/or documented. 
 Act as a thought partner by sharing knowledge and techniques on Tableau, data analytics and audit. 
 Develop data-driven analytics capabilities to identify anomalies, outliers, emerging trends and operational risks across the Enterprise. 
 Grow our analytic rigor by expanding our optimization & adoption initiatives, improving our measurement tools/methodologies and introducing innovative approaches to derive insight and providing thoughtful tactical feedback of analytic efforts. 
 Be an excellent project manager utilizing Atlassian suite of products (Confluence, JIRA, etc.) to continue our transition to an agile development team. 
 Drive improvements to the delivery and quality of reporting products, including data driven key risk alerts. 
 Be results driven, detail-oriented, demonstrate strategic thinking and creativity. 
 Be capable of initiating action and managing change in a fast paced environment. 
 Be a critical thinker with an innovative mindset, coupled with a track record for creating solutions that are efficient, effective, and essential. 
Base salary range for this role is: 
 CO – Denver Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 Max: $141,900 
 May be considered for a discretionary bonus 
Benefits 
Visit https://www.wellsfargo.com/about/careers/benefits for benefits information. 
Required Qualifications 
3+ years of Tableau experience 
5+ years of SQL experience 
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling demonstrated through work or military experience; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 
Desired Qualifications 
Ability to develop operational reporting and performing complex data analysis 
Ability to lead projects/initiatives with high risk and complexity 
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important 
Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills with ability to turn findings into strategic imperatives 
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis 
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy 
Other Desired Qualifications 
 
 Someone who thrives on initiating, building and cultivating strong relationships; highly collaborative; possesses strong influence skills; navigates and activates alignment across organizational silos. 
 Manage end users' expectations, establish credibility at all levels and build problem-solving partnerships across Internal Audit. 
 Someone who will challenge the status quo, propose innovative ideas, and stand up for brave ideas in order to drive significant, measurable improvements. 
 
 
 Job Expectations 
Ability to travel up to 10% of the time 
Salary Information 
The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule. 
 
 CO-Denver:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 AZ-Chandler:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 IA-West Des Moines:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 MN-Minneapolis:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 NC-Charlotte:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 NC-Charlotte:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 TX-San Antonio:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
 MO-Saint Louis:  Min: $78,100 Mid: $110,000 
Street Address 
NC-Charlotte:  301 S College St - Charlotte, NC 
 NC-Charlotte:  1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC 
 IA-West Des Moines:  800 S Jordan Creek Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA 
 CO-Denver:  1700 Lincoln St - Denver, CO 
 MN-Minneapolis:  600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN 
 AZ-Chandler:  2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ 
 TX-San Antonio:  4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX 
 MO-Saint Louis:  2801 Market St - Saint Louis, MO Wells Fargo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Internal Auditor jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Wells Fargo in Denver, CO Internal Auditor salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wells Fargo Wells Fargo 40,689 reviews Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo’... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
