
 
 
 
 Software Product Manager - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Product Manager Intel 5,442 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Intel 5,442 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Habana Labs (www.habana.ai) is a vibrant and innovative company focused on developing purpose-built AI processors, disruptive solutions that will shape the future of AI and Deep Learning computing. Habana was founded in 2016 by successful entrepreneurs, launched its first AI Inference processor in 2018, its Training processor in 2019 and was acquired by Intel in December 2019. The company now operates as an autonomous subsidiary of Intel. We are looking for exceptionally smart people who believe that AI will change the world and would like to join us on our exciting journey. 
Does an exciting, fast-paced startup environment catch your attention? Do you thrive in navigating uncertainty and ambiguity? Terrific! Consider joining us! We are seeking a technical Software Product Manager to join the team. In this role, you will be a core member of the Habana Software Product Management team, helping deliver state-of-the-art deep learning capabilities of Habana SynapseAI® software suite to the market. You will work closely with outstanding Engineering teams, Product Managers, Program Managers, Software Architects, Sales and Marketing teams bringing new capabilities of the software stack to the market. You will bring new features to life by infusing customer and market insights into the product. You will also contribute on product go-to-market activities, provide technical guidance to strategic customers, drive user adoption of new features, and manage product feedback cycles. You will be building strong collaborative relationships with other teams, thinking boldly and acting fast with laser-focus on execution, always thinking of the customer first and rapidly iterating towards the right solution. Ideal candidates will have experience with DL frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch), machine vision, NLP, and be fluent in the infrastructure and processes required to develop and operate machine learning models at scale. 
Additional Skills: 
Self-motivated, independent, and proactive; demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities 
Communicate effectively across all levels 
 
 Qualifications 
Minimum Qualifications
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent technical field with 9+ years of related experience
 2+ years industry experience in product management 
5+ years industry experience in software engineering
 5+ years leadership experience, including driving cross-functional activities 
1+ year of experience in AI, deep learning or machine learning
 Preferred Qualifications 
MS/PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent technical field 
Hands-on experience with AI and deep learning frameworks, tools, techniques 
Experience with medium to large scale software Product, Program or Engineering management. 
Experience leading large-scale change and transition management. 
Experience in a customer facing role at a technology company, supporting a complex software product 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Product Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,442 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
