
 
 
 
 Application Modernization Lead Engineer (Remote-US) - Florida, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Modernization Lead Engineer (Remote-US) Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Florida, NY Remote Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Application Modernization Lead Engineer (Remote-US) 
The ability to drive human progress through technology relies on robust and reliable IT infrastructure – and that’s what our IT Infrastructure team provides to our customers. We’re a team of experts optimizing the performance and integrity of IT infrastructure and ensuring consistency and synchronization across all infrastructure components. Alongside supporting new and existing applications, we work with other IT groups and business units to troubleshoot and resolve technical problems. 
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a Application Modernization Lead Engineer on our IT Infrastructure team. This is a remote position within the US. 
What you’ll achieve 
The Dell Digital Solution Engineering team is seeking an extremely talented senior level infrastructure engineer to join us in delivering cutting edge innovation across all of Dell’s internal- and customer-facing applications. 
You will: 
Play a key role in supporting, growing and shaping talent across multiple teams as we transform our infrastructure delivery from virtual and physical machines to PaaS applications and serverless technologies. 
Take the first step towards your dream career 
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role: 
 
Essential Requirements 
15+ years industry experience or equivalent skill; must include experience as an architect or developer in a large-scale environment (tens of thousands of servers) and have experience delivering on-premise IaaS, cloud native and PaaS solutions 
Extensive experience across multiple domains to include compute infrastructure, networking, coding and debugging 
Strong skills with high level programming languages such as Go and scripting languages such as Python 
Experience with cloud native technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes or Pivotal Cloud Foundry. 
Experience in NSX or other software-defined networking technologies 
Knowledge of, or experience with, Artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and VMware products; experience designing, architecting, and delivering machine learning platform is a major benefit 
Desirable Requirements 
BS or graduate degree in Computer Science or related field 
Familiarity with frameworks and projects, such as Kubeflow, TensorFlow, PyTorch, KubeFATE / FATE 
Contributor to open source projects 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
 
Application closing date: TBD 
 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here. 
"LIPriority" 
#LI-REMOTE 
 Job ID: R098493 Dell 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Developer jobs in Florida, NY Jobs at Dell Technologies in Florida, NY Application Developer salaries in Florida, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
