
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Research Intern - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Research Intern Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE’s newly established Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Autonomy Innovation Center consists of a multi-generational, diverse team united by a passion and a sense of urgency to harness AI and Autonomy to help solve problems in the public interest. We discover, create, and lead through empowering an inclusive community of collaborative innovators, learners, and technical creatives. We are looking for people with a lifelong commitment to learning, who are passionate about harnessing artificial intelligence to make a positive impact in the world. We have built a supportive and inclusive environment where collaboration is encouraged and learning is shared freely. We value our diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives and harness these qualities to discover connections, solve problems, and create extraordinary impact.
 Key Description:  Join us for a paid internship that offers the opportunity to learn how to harness AI to address challenges that range from global health to national security. As part of our internship program Research Interns will not be cloistered in the lab, but instead you can expect to work closely with government and organizations in the public sector to invent and build AI-enabled solutions to some of the most challenging problems facing society. Ideas may come from MITRE’s internal research program as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the country. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new AI architectures, Research Interns work on challenges in artificial intelligence, machine learning, computer vision, and natural language processing to discover creative ways in which AI can have a positive impact on the security, health, vitality, and safety of the world around us.
 *A pplying to this pipeline requisition will put you in a candidate pool that will be viewed and considered by our AI & Autonomy Innovation Center's technical leaders, all hiring for the same role across our departments.
 Required Qualifications:
 Currently enrolled in a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Linguistics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, Natural Sciences or a related technical field.
 Sustained excellence in academic performance.
 Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB, Go, Python or similar.
 Ability to obtain/maintain a US Clearance (U.S. Citizenship required). Security clearance or Suitability level may be required and may vary; applicants will be updated during interview process. (Because a full-time position requires a US government security clearance, we require our interns to be clearable even though they may not need a security clearance or suitability determination during their internship.).
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Experience in one or more areas of computer science, such as Natural Language Understanding, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Quantum Information Science, Data Science, Privacy, Trust & Safety, Software Engineering or similar.
 Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including: C/C++, Java, MATLAB, Go, Python or similar.
 Applied experience working within technical fields ranging anywhere from technical health to national security.
 Preference given to qualified candidates with active US government security clearance.
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Research Intern salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
