
 
 
 
 Senior Project Manager - San Mateo, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Project Manager Dun & Bradstreet 748 reviews San Mateo, CA Remote Dun & Bradstreet 748 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet
 We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us! 
 Locations:  This role can be based remotely or in the following locations: San Mateo, CA; Austin, TX; Malibu, CA; Short Hills, NJ; Center Valley, PA; Waltham, MA or Hyderabad, India.
 Our Team:
 Dun & Bradstreet has the world’s most comprehensive business data sets and analytics capabilities to power today’s most crucial business needs. That’s why 90% of the Fortune 500, and companies of all sizes around the world, rely on Dun & Bradstreet to help grow and protect their business. Our engineering teams focus on developing industry-leading, highly scalable, SaaS based applications to put this data into action. We are solving extremely intellectually interesting problems using machine learning, artificial intelligence and high-performance distributed computing. 
 We are looking for individuals interested in building world-class SaaS applications and solving complex challenges with one of the world’s largest B2B data sets. We have a supportive team atmosphere, using the latest technologies , and always strive to ensure D&B is the best place to learn and grow your career.
 The Role:
 As a Senior Project Manager, you will work with the technical product engineering teams to deliver software applications and projects on time and within budget. 
 In this role, you will be responsible for supporting product engineering and development by managing timelines, dependencies and reporting needs across teams as well as presenting status and progress to various stakeholders around the company.
 Your Role Will Include:
 Managing the on-time delivery of software projects and interfacing with product management, QA, engineering management and scrum teams
 Maintaining an understanding of the technical architecture of the systems and articulating the technical vision of the product or platform
 Working with senior leaders to determine best method of satisfying development/maintenance requests, considering scope of effort, availability of data, timing, type of equipment and other workloads
 Preparing system definitions as is necessary for programming phases to begin as well as more complex programs or module definitions, design files, recommend file/database organizations and select access methodology
 Working with business analysts and scrum masters to maintain project velocity and requirement analysis while ensuring delivery of software products that meet timelines and requirements
 About You:
 Bachelor’s degree in business, information systems or a related engineering field required
 Advanced degree in business or related management field preferred
 5+ years of experience as a project manager
 Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in both technical and non-technical terms
 If any of this excites you, click apply! Select ‘LinkedIn Ted Gaubert’ for how you heard about us.
 #LI-CF1
 Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 
We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.
 Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com. Dun & Bradstreet 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Project Manager jobs in San Mateo, CA Jobs at Dun & Bradstreet in San Mateo, CA Senior Project Manager salaries in San Mateo, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dun & Bradstreet Dun & Bradstreet 748 reviews The Dun & Bradstreet Data Cloud offers the world’s most comprehensive business data and analytical insights to power today’s most crucial... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
