
 
 
 
 Operations - Consumer Wealth Management Division Operations - Business Intelligence - Associate - Jersey City - Jersey City, NJ 07302 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations - Consumer Wealth Management Division Operations - Business Intelligence - Associate - Jersey City Goldman Sachs 1,855 reviews Jersey City, NJ 07302 Goldman Sachs 1,855 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description MORE ABOUT THIS JOB: 
OPERATIONS
 
Operations is a dynamic, multi-faceted division that partners with all parts of the firm to provide banking, securities, and asset management services to clients around the world. In addition, Operations provides essential risk management and controls to preserve and enhance the firm's assets and its reputation. For every new product launched and every trade executed, it is Operations that develops and manages the processes and controls that enable business flow.
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 JOB SPEC NEEDED* 
 
Associate will contribute to leading business and artificial intelligence programs through enhancing and establishing cross-functional analytics initiatives while addressing developments in key strategic data architecture. This role will combine accountability and responsibility for data lifecycle management, along with the exploitation of low code tools, to create business value.
 
 ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS: 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS
 
At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.
 
We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.
 
We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html
 
© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved.
 Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Goldman Sachs 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Management Associate jobs in Jersey City, NJ Jobs at Goldman Sachs in Jersey City, NJ Management Associate salaries in Jersey City, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs 1,855 reviews At Goldman Sachs, we believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We seek out people with all types of skills, interests and expe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
