
 
 
 
 Research Engineer - Dearborn, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Engineer Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Dearborn, MI Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Dearborn 
 Ford Motor Company 
 Product Development 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 Research Engineer 
 
 Job description: 
 
Research Engineer positions offered by Ford Motor Company (Dearborn, MI). Research and develop advanced control techniques, such as Model Predictive Control, Adaptive Control, Optimal Control, and Intelligent Control, to enable innovative automotive technologies and in-vehicle features. Support the research, development, and validation of robust algorithms according to Ford’s engineering requirements to design automotive features. Support the analysis of system behavior and plant modeling, monitor signal processing, including real-time data processing from on-board systems, as well as monitor cloud and vehicle-to-vehicle based sources. Design control methods through Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning and utilize Engine Mapping & Automated Calibration and engineering optimization methods to enhance Ford features. 
 
 Minimum Requirements: 
Master’s or foreign equivalent degree in automotive systems engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering or a related field including thesis work on controls, system identification, advanced estimation, or optimization applied to automotive or similar industrial applications. 
Education or experience must include using C, MATLAB, Simulink, Stateflow, Real Time Workshop, or dSpace. 
Experience may be, but need not be, acquired concurrently
 Join our team as we create tomorrow! We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because we’re Built Ford Tough. We’re one team striving to make people’s lives better while creating value, delivering excellence and ultimately going for the win. 
 
Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 
Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. 
 Auto req ID 
 46952BR 
 State 
 Michigan
 Skill Team 
 Research & Advanced Engineering (R&A)
 Sub-Component 
 Research & Advanced Engrg Ford Motor Company 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Engineer jobs in Dearborn, MI Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Dearborn, MI Research Engineer salaries in Dearborn, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
