
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Autonomous Vehicles - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer - Autonomous Vehicles NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Autonomous Vehicles Platform team is searching for engineers to develop and bring NVIDIA's automotive platform out to the world. You will participate in a focused effort to develop and productize ground-breaking solutions that will revolutionize the world of transportation and the growing field of self-driving cars. You will work with hardworking and dedicated multi-functional engineering development teams across various vehicle subsystems to integrate their work into our autonomous driving DRIVE SW platform, while achieving or exceeding all meaningful NVIDIA and automotive standards & guidelines.
 You'll find the work is exciting, fun, and very meaningful. We have deadlines, customers, and competition. NVIDIA is a “learning machine” that constantly evolves by adapting to new opportunities that are hard to solve, that only we can pursue, and that matter to the world. This is our life’s work: to amplify human creativity and intelligence.
 What you'll be doing:
 Design and implement Autonomous Vehicles software platforms, including kernel modifications/extensions, driver implementation/improvements, system integration, performance/power optimization, stress/stability/compliance test
 Drive the reliability of the software platform which includes RADAR, LiDAR, Camera sensor processing and fusion
 Work towards the best user experience
 Analyze complex technical issues and independently drive resolution across multiple teams
 Work in an environment which involves Hypervisor, Linux, QNX RTOS
 What we need to see:
 BS, MS in CS/CE/EE or relevant field (or equivalent experience)
 5+ years of experience.
 Excellent C/C++ programming skills.
 Strong Linux kernel, low level system software experience.
 Strong debugging skills from application to kernel level.
 Ability and flexibility to work and communicate effectively in a multi-national, multi-time-zone corporate environment.
 Self-motivated and good teammate.
 Embedded system, SW/HW cross-domain knowledge.
 Device driver knowledge is a major plus.
 Experience in software architecture design.
 Master of software debugging tools: software debuggers, analyzers, trace loggers.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience in Automotive field.
 Background with QNX RTOS and tools.
 Worked with CAN and tools, RADAR, LiDAR is a plus.
 Prior experience with AUTOSAR SW and development tools.
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. If you're creative, autonomous, and love a challenge, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
