
 
 
 
 Program Manager, New Product Introduction - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Manager, New Product Introduction NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people.
 The Ops PM manages all the Operations milestones across the Reliability, Product Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering and Planning team to ensure successful launch of a new product from Design release to Production release.
 What you'll be doing:
 The NPI PM role is responsible for coordinating and tracking operations deliverables for new systems from design through the production release phase.
 A strong PM candidate will co-ordinate program deliverables across planning, product engineering, manufacturing engineering teams to ensure the successful launch of our new servers.
 Responsible for updating the product bring-up status to the executive team and provide strategies to mitigate risk.
 Define the program management framework and tactics for successfully launching graphics-based server products from design/development/qualification/validation, through production release.
 Manage the supply chain and manufacturing plan of record for new products.
 Maintain project budgets and coordinate track procurement and delivery of bring-up hardware to facilitate the engineering teams.
 Ensuring System Baseboard/Server availability for internal and external customers during the NPI phase.
 Track reliability, qualification, product certification, and manufacturing readiness milestones across the engineering and CEM production teams.
 Align manufacturing and test POR assumptions and provide program management support for the initial production ramp plan.
 What we need to see:
 10+ years of experience in product management/production in server space.
 Excellent communication skills, ability to detail and present the current status and final project deliveries.
 Meaningful work experience in technical program, project, or product management role in the server space preferred.
 BS degree or equivalent experience in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering preferred.
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables outstanding creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence.
 With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, we are widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for technology, we want to hear from you. Come build the future with us!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job New Product Introduction Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA New Product Introduction Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
