
 
 
 
 Principal Sales Contract Specialist - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Sales Contract Specialist Nuance 473 reviews Dallas, TX Nuance 473 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary:
 
Job Summary: 
Function as a primary resource in the development of pricing, proposals, financials (internal and external) and Professional Services Statement of Work, customer contract/order process. In addition, responsible for the creation of internal Nuance metrics and information that drive downstream processes for functional organizations such as division finance, technical revenue accounting, order management, other functions within the CSO (EPO, RFP Team), etc. 
Responsibilities: 
Develop the customer facing proposal in conjunction with the COE/AE 
Delivery of the financial modeling for internal deal reviews/discussions and corporate approval processes 
Participate and lead, when needed, meetings with the customer 
Internal meetings with active future stakeholders on delivery model to ensure solution delivery maximizes expected outcomes 
Initiate project scope documentation, statements of work, technical engagements (SE), and business requirements related to customer engagements. 
Establish and oversee development and usage of best practices to continually drive incremental value and return on the customer’s investment 
Ensure Technical Discovery has been completed prior to entering into deep proposals and/or contracting process 
Establish and lead contract and contract negotiations 
RFP/RFI support focused on progressing deal and securing win for Nuance 
1Feedback of key processes and tools, including the communication/training to staff, used within the team required to deliver outcomes 
Perform tasks related to securing and keeping the products, tools, and processes that you are responsible for securing. 
Qualifications 
Education: Bachelor’s degree ideally in Health Information Technology, Clinical Informatics or a related field or comparable work experience 
Number of Years of Work Experience: 8 minimum years of relevant experience in Healthcare professional services, sales or customer support operations 
Required Skills: 
Strong presentation and communication skills 
 
Developed competencies with MS Office Suite to include: Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio 
 
Innate initiative to get things done 
 
 
 Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
 Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. Nuance 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Contract Specialist jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Nuance in Dallas, TX Contract Specialist salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 473 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
