
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager - San Francisco, CA 94105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager Accenture 20,616 reviews San Francisco, CA 94105 Accenture 20,616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com. 
 
 We are: 
 Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also  the world’s largest team  of  data scientists, and experts in machine learning and AI.  A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence. 
 We have versatile talents, far-alternative perspectives, and proven methodology to help take ideas from whiteboard explorations to scaled solutions. We help  Discover  trends in technology and industry,  Envision  solutions that overcome challenges and embrace opportunities, and  Create  valuable innovations - from rapid prototypes to practical applications. 
 
 You are: 
 An expert AI/ML scientist. You want to change how the world works and lives by taking AI out of the lab and into everyday life. You know the theory and you have hands-on expertise from studies, experience and/or self-taught projects. And you’re all about helping clients scale data into value. 
 
  What You’ll Do: 
 Provide hands-on technical thought leadership, solve large & complex business problems and drive actionable insights for clients 
 Lead the development of AI/ML solutions in production cloud environment to meet business needs 
 Stay abreast of AI/ML technologies, academic research & hands-on techniques 
 Drive the end-to-end process to turn ideas into products that bring measurable value to clients
 Stay current with changes in digital, analytics, the intelligent enterprise ecosystem and market 
 Lead the creation of client proposals and public whitepapers 
 Lead projects, manage budgets and risk and get buy in from leadership 
 File invention disclosures and patents to protect intellectual properties 
 Encourage creative and innovative thinking on large and diverse teams 
 Share lessons and best practices across Applied Intelligence and larger Accenture communities 
 
 What We’re Looking For: 
 A Master's degree in data science or a related discipline like computer science, electrical engineering, information sciences, mathematics, statistics, or physics 
 Minimum of 10 years in programming using Python, C++, or Javascript 
 Minimum of 5 years in working with data science tools, e.g. TensorFlow/Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn, OpenCV, or Spacy and 5 years in developing on cloud platforms (on AWS, GCP or Azure) 
 Minimum of 5 years developing & optimizing AI/ML models, in recommendation engine, natural language processing, computer vision and deep & classical machine learning, and information retrieval and extraction 
 Minimum of 2 years in managing a team of 5 or more data scientists and engineers 
 
 Bonus Points If: 
 You have a PhD degree in science and engineering 
 A blend of data science capability, consulting expertise and industry experience
 A deep understanding of full stack development process including front-end, back-end, and database (SQL, NoSQL) 
 Practical experiences to manage an agile development team 
 Experienced storyteller with data and communicating findings to a non-technical audience 
 Industry experiences in architecting, solutioning, implementing, and deploying multi-disciplinary enterprise AI systems 
 Domain knowledge in industry verticals such as sales & marketing, finance & accounting, software & platforms, or others 
 Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment 
 Ability to understand business context, generate ideas, and come up with creative solutions 
 Flexibility to work in a globally collaborative team environment 
 
 Important Information 
 Travel 
 For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. 
 Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. 
 Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. 
 What We Believe 
 We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
 Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
 
 Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. 
 
 
 All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
 
 
 Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
 
 
 For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement 
 
 Requesting An Accommodation 
 
 
 Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
 
 
 If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
 
 
 Other Employment Statements 
 
 
 Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States.
 Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
 
 
 Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
 
 
 The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. 
 Unless expressly indicated, this role is not open in the state of Colorado. Accenture 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Accenture in San Francisco, CA Senior Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,616 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
