
 
 
 
 Research and Development Intern - San Antonio, TX 78226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research and Development Intern Plus One Robotics San Antonio, TX 78226 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Benefits & Perks 
 
 Does Plus One offer benefits? Sure: Amazing people, robot playground, buckets of data (for you AI aficionados), “eclectic” office furniture… Oh, the actual benefits? Yes, those. They’re great too: 
 Medical, dental, and eye care benefits for you and your family. 
Paid time off: 11 annual holidays plus your birthday. 
Vacation days – yes! 
Professional development opportunities. 
Flexible work hours and location. 
Paid maternity and paternity leave 
 Essential Functions: 
 Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 Explore new technologies or applications. 
Develop deep understanding of capabilities and requirements. 
Design and implement rapid tests and proofs of concept to answer questions. 
Present coherent results and analysis. 
Document processes for replication. 
 Competencies: 
 Domain expertise 
Problem Solving/Analysis 
Communication Proficiency 
Self-guiding 
Development skills 
 Required Education and Experience: 
 Someone pursuing or have completed a graduate degree focusing in a field such as Human-Robot Interaction, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Science or Robotics. 
 Preferred Education and Experience: 
 Experience with some of the following: 
 Programming Languages: C++, Python, JavaScript 
Libraries: ROS, OpenCv, PCL, React.js, Keras, Tensorflow, pyTorch 
Tools: Git, Octave, Ubuntu Linux 
Area of Focus: Incremental Machine Learning, Bayesian Networks, Gamification, Neural Net architectures, Computer Vision, Learning from Demonstration 
 Additional Eligibility Qualifications: 
 Must have reliable transportation. 
 Supervisory Responsibility: 
 This position has no supervisory responsibilities. 
 Work Environment: 
 This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, cameras, photocopiers, and filing cabinets. This position will also have occasional work in the warehouse, either in our facility or our customer’s. While performing the duties of this job, the intern may be exposed to fumes or airborne particles, moving mechanical parts, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment and job sites can be loud. 
 Physical Demands: 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an intern to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. 
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk, hear, sit, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, and crawl. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle or feel, and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. 
 Position Type/Expected Hours of Work: 
 Part or Full time, 20-40 hours/week between M-F, 9:00am-6:00pm. We can be flexible with schedules for the right candidate. During the COVID-19 pandemic, it is expected that this position will be largely remote. 
 Travel: 
 No overnight travel is anticipated for this position. Some occasional local day travel may be necessary. 
 Work Authorization: 
 Must be able to show documentation that shows authorization to legally work in the U.S. 
 AAP/EEO Statement: 
 Plus One Robotics provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. 
 This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 Other Duties: 
 Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. 
 Agreed Upon Schedule: 
 (20-40 hours/wk.) 
 Please include your resumé and cover letter when applying. 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity! All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Plus One Robotics 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at Plus One Robotics in San Antonio, TX Research Intern salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Plus One Robotics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
