
 
 
 
 Avaya Contact Center and AI Solution Architect - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Avaya Contact Center and AI Solution Architect General Motors 8,978 reviews Austin, TX General Motors 8,978 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About GM 
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors. 
 
To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future. 
Why Work for Us 
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities. 
Job Description 
Contact Center Solution Architect will work within the Contact Center Development to understand the needs of the business and organizational strategy. Design multi-channel integrated Interactive Voice Response applications and hardware architecture. Develop solutions based on Contact Center technology and artificial intelligence platforms. We are seeking self-motivated forward-thinking Solution Architect with deep technical knowledge and hands-on experience in analyzing, designing, installing, administering, maintaining, and troubleshooting hardware and software applications. 
Major Duties and Responsibilities: 
Responsible for Designing, installing, implementing, and maintaining voice systems and integrations with hardware and software systems. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: 
Implement best practices and secure processes for Contact Center IVR. 
Design and implement monitoring capabilities. 
Design and implement integrated solutions using cloud based Artificial Intelligence Platforms. 
Understanding of Google Dialog Flow web-hooks, Agent Development and creation of Context and Intents 
Additional Job Description 
Minimum Qualification: 
Experience designing and maintaining Avaya Contact Center architecture and capacity forecasting. 
Bachelor’s Degree in information technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent. 
Should have 6-8 years of in-depth hands-on experience in 5 or more of the following technologies: Avaya Aura Experience Portal, Natural Language Speech IVR applications, deep knowledge of middleware- CTI, Telephony Infrastructure, Avaya Session Manager, Call Back Assist, SMS, Chat Automation, IVR Deflection, Speech To Text. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Familiar with Google Cloud Platform products and services, Contact Center Artificial Intelligence Solution, and machine learning. 
Familiar with systems used within the enterprise Avaya Contact Center Platforms. 
Benefits Overview 
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others: 
 Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents; Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family; Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement; Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
 Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing; Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends. 
Diversity Information 
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statements 
The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com . In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. General Motors 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at General Motors in Austin, TX Software Architect salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Motors General Motors 8,978 reviews Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that wil... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
