
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Leader - Sacramento, CA 95822 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Leader Cotocus Sacramento, CA 95822 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description
 We are looking for engineer who is expert in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Leader and exerience between 2-8 years with follwoing skills 
 Required skills: 
 Very strong Graduate/Ph.D. level degree in Computer Science/or other engineering discipline from top tier schools 
 Relevant experience of 8-12 years on live industry projects at enterprise level 
 Extremely strong in Python Programming, Tensor flow, Sci-kit learn, Keras, Theano, and other relevant Python Libraries for AI & Machine Learning (Scikit learn, NLTK, Scipy, etc.). Scale of 8/9 on 10. 
 Strong ability to manipulate data using Pandas/Numpy and other python libraries, Should be able to support all data munging and cleansing activities as part of guiding and leading an AI-platform implementation team 
 Experience in working in Agile methodology in a very high performance coding environment with high level of automation. Handle on CI-CD patterns of delivery and enterprise solution that uses Microservices, API’s and Docker containers 
 Strong hands-on skills in relational data bases. Ability to write SQL like queries to create new joins or data frames with a goal of framing the right business questions for the AI platform development team 
 Ability to white board with clients all types of possible solutions end-to-end (front end- API’s and Back end). 
 Good handle on concepts of enterprise application architecture, solution architecture and enterprise architecture 
 Tools & Technologies: 
 Python, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Django/Flask based API’s, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, etc. 
 Databases: MySQL or any enterprise RDBMS 
 Code Management: Git, Bitbucket, Jira, Confluence, etc. 
 Operating System: Mac, Linux, Windows 
 Cloud Technologies: comfortable with Google Cloud, AWS and Azure 
 Seniority Level: 
 Mid-Senior level 
 Industry 
 Information Technology & Services 
 Architecture & Planning 
 Employment Type 
 Full-time 
 Job Functions 
 Analyst 
 Information Technology 
 Engineering 
 To apply for this position, please send your resume at : career@cotocus.com
 We prefer to select professionals those who are Certified in their domain from "Official Certification company's" like RedHat, Chef Software Inc, Puppet, Docker, Google, Amazon Inc. etc. or authorized training partners like scmGalaxy Inc. DevOpsCertification.co etc. Cotocus 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Sacramento, CA Jobs at Cotocus in Sacramento, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Sacramento, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cotocus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
