
 
 
 
 Product Strategy Director, Oracle - Remote US - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Strategy Director, Oracle - Remote US Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews San Francisco, CA Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  Product Strategy Director, Oracle resident . This role can be based anywhere in the US. 
Rimini Street views all employees as partners, and is committed to providing an exciting, participatory and team-oriented work environment. In addition to our very competitive compensation packages, be prepared for challenging professional growth and fun along the way in our work-hard, play-hard corporate environment. 
Position Summary 
The Oracle Product Strategy Director is responsible for defining Oracle product strategy, as well as defining product vision, product requirements and positioning, of the Oracle Product Line. You will be responsible for leading the ORACLE product strategy, designed to enable ORACLE licensees to respond to new opportunities and challenges accompanying today's changing IT landscapes. In addition, you will guide the strategy and product requirements of initiatives that align closely to customers’ needs and objectives and then make sure they fit into Rimini Street's business model. You will collaborate closely with Sales, Product Marketing and Corporate Marketing to help them understand product positioning, benefits and target customers for Rimini Street support offerings. These executions will directly align with business and sales growth goals and objectives. 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
Provide assistance and guidance in the development of the product strategy and programs that drive demand for Rimini Street services and solutions 
Responsible for defining the product strategies and requirements 
Responsible for helping to define product vision and positioning and working with Oracle product marketing on executing their go to market strategies 
Provide market and product research and competitive analysis to progress the product line 
Integrates market knowledge, insights and a strong user focus to help our organization create great offerings 
Collaborate with the Oracle Product Line GM to create action plans that are do-able and will create business impact 
Partner with executives, sales, marketing and service delivery to assess and review current product strategies 
Facilitate working sessions to identify questions and hypotheses to ensure our organization delivers on our customers’ needs 
Participate in thought leadership initiatives: blogging, writing papers, conference presentations 
Champion best practices and innovative thinking to continually improve the product line 
Demonstrate clear and compelling points of view, including unique approaches to solving problems with strategic insights and actionable advice
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to get a holistic understanding of customers’ problems and market opportunities 
Additional Duties and Responsibilities 
In addition to the stated responsibilities, the Product Strategy role is expected to be a team player willing to take on other key tasks and projects as required, that will contribute to Rimini Street’s continued success 
Other job-related duties and responsibilities may be assigned from time to time by the Oracle Product Line GM 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Experience 
15+ years of enterprise software experience with core products 
10+ years in a sales related role specific to ORACLE products and services 
Skills 
Excellent Communication and Persuasion Skills – Ability to convincingly sell ideas and plans to internal and external constituencies including executives, prospects, clients, sales team and analysts 
Self-Sufficiency – Ability to identify solutions and forge a strategic direction despite high degrees of ambiguity and uncertainty 
Extraordinary technical skills and aptitude; someone who can quickly learn new technologies and systems on their own 
Positive, enthusiastic attitude and a passion for quality work 
Strength in working with varied groups including executive management, sales, and marketing teams 
Ability to drive cross team strategy projects 
Ability to lead and inspire teams 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. Rimini Street, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Strategy jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Rimini Street in San Francisco, CA Director of Strategy salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
