
 
 
 
 Continuous Improvement Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Continuous Improvement Manager Sitel 11,692 reviews United States Sitel 11,692 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
   GROW AS YOU GO.  We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there.
   BE BOLD, BE YOU.  #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so.
   WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT.  We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work.
   GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES.  We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts.
   MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE.  We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 About Sitel Group® 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints.
 With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 
 Summary of Primary Job Responsibilities: 
 Represents and encourages a continuous improvement culture within the site. 
 Responsible for Lean/Six Sigma projects that eliminate re-work, provide cost savings, increase revenues and increase client/customer satisfaction within the site. 
 Identifies opportunities/issues, defines and manages continuous improvement projects using the Lean Sigma/DMAIC framework. 
 Defines the organizational structure of the project and the interfacing with the functional workstreams associated with project tasks. 
 Directs and controls all work performed within the project framework of the DMAIC phases, and has the authority for project element's task assignment and project schedule(s). 
 Responsible for daily communications and formal project reviews with both the project sponsor and project tollgate review team. 
 Recommends solutions and controls, and implementing approved recommendations. 
 Ensures accurate quality measurements and tools are implemented within campaigns. 
 
 Principle duties include: 
  Meets all project goals (Quality, Delivery, and Cost) 
  Identifies, tracks, and manages project tasks, and resolves project issues. 
  Proactively disseminates project information/reporting to all stakeholders. 
  Identifies, manages, and mitigates project risk. 
  Ensures that the overall project solution is of acceptable quality. 
  Proactively manages scope to ensure that only what was agreed to is delivered, unless changes are approved through scope management procedures. 
  Defines and collects metrics to give a sense of how the project is progressing and whether the deliverables produced are acceptable. 
  Manages the overall work plan to ensure work is assigned and completed on time and within budget. 
 
 Experience Target (in this job or a related function/field): 
 Two years of contact center management experience and one year of demonstrated use of Lean Sigma, Six Sigma, Project Management tools, and methodologies, or equivalent experience. 
 
 Skills: 
 Strong analytical and project management skills with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously, resolve problems and present appropriate business solutions and recommendations. 
 Strong interpersonal skills demonstrating the ability to work independently and with a cross-functional team. 
 Excellent technical (MS Project, Word, and Excel) and math/statistical skills. 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office: Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, and Word. 
 Must be experienced with programming, data mining tools and statistical software - such as: Minitab, Python, R, SQL. 
 
 Knowledge/Abilities: 
 Strong understanding of the call center industry and operations. 
 Ability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. 
 Understanding and ability to use statistical process analysis. 
 Demonstrated ability to develop professional relationships and interact with all levels of internal and external clients. 
 Understanding and ability to use math principles, charts, and graphs. 
 Ability to Utilize data to perform root cause analysis. 
 Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification, or in process of certification. 
 BPO/ITES Experience preferred Sitel 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Continuous Improvement Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Continuous Improvement Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,692 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
