
 
 
 
 Linux Support Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Linux Support Engineer Lambda 17 reviews Remote Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Location: Remote role, open to candidates in the US. Must be willing to travel. 
 
Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our Deep Learning workstations, servers, and cloud services power ML engineers at the forefront of AI research, fueling advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more. 
 
Lambda provides Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning infrastructure to organizations like Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, Kaiser Permanente, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and the Department of Defense. 
 
 About the Role 
 
Lambda is growing! Come work at a profitable startup where we’re building powerful research computers and software for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence experts around the world. 
 
We’re looking for a Linux technical support engineer who wants to help provide our customers with world class UNIX / Linux support for their GPU servers, workstations, laptops, and cloud instances. 
 
What You’ll Do 
 Be first point of contact for all incoming technical support questions (phone, email, chat, and forum) 
 Troubleshoot software and hardware issues for customers 
 Document solutions to common problems 
 About You 
 
We’re looking for someone who is inherently hands-on, yet has the know-how and would be ready to take the next step forward in their career at a startup, drive change and build for growth in order to help scale the company. This role is a great way to gain experience and understanding in how to run an enterprise level hardware / software cluster, which is a great stepping stone into future opportunities. We’re looking for those who want a front row seat to the ML space. You won't be supporting run of the mill tech, you'll be exposed to ML frameworks and working with on the edge companies. 
 
Experience We’re Looking For 
 Linux administration experience, either hobbyist or professional. 
 Shell and Python scripting proficiency. 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
 
 Nice to Have 
 
 Familiarity with ML / AI / Deep Learning. 
 
 Quick Company Highlights 
 
 Our research papers have been accepted into the top machine learning and graphics conferences, including ICCV, SIGGRAPH Asia, NeurIPS, and ACM Transactions on Graphics (TOG). 
 We are profitable and have tripled in growth since founding the company. 
 We’re backed by investors including Gradient Ventures, Google’s AI-focused venture fund. 
 Lambda operates as a remote workforce based on role. We produce hardware in our SF location and also have employees located remotely across the US. 
 We offer generous cash & equity compensation 
 We provide employer sponsored benefits including health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents 
 401k Plan 
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Linux Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Lambda in Remote Linux Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
