
 
 
 
 Senior Recruiter - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Recruiter Aera Technology 4 reviews Seattle, WA Remote Aera Technology 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Aera, we deliver the cognitive technology that enables the Self-Driving Enterprise™: a Cognitive Operating System™ that connects you with your business and autonomously orchestrates your operations. Aera's Cognitive OS leverages the best of artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, big data, and enterprise domain expertise to deliver Cognitive Automation at scale for some of the world's largest companies. 
We’re aggressively growing Aera and seeking experienced Senior Recruiters to support this growth for our US teams. The recruiter we are seeking has experience sourcing and engaging mid to high level candidates. You'll partner closely with our leaders on their most critical hiring needs. These are highly visible, critical roles that offer extensive exposure to our leadership team. 
 
 Open to remote candidates in the US. 
 Responsibilities 
Own and manage the entire recruitment process, from preparing and posting job descriptions to sourcing candidates to managing the interview process to presenting offers and closing candidates 
Partner closely with our leadership team to define the requirements for open positions and prepare the job descriptions 
Build strong relationships with each of the hiring managers you support, such that you become a trusted advisor to them as they strategize how best to build their teams 
Manage the advertising of open roles and leverage relevant channels to attract inbound candidate interest. Explore innovative ways to build our employer brand, including by hosting meetups and on-site events 
Coordinate applications and responses, providing timely feedback both to the candidates and to your internal stakeholders 
Be a passionate advocate of Aera as a fantastic place to grow a career. Your enthusiasm for Aera is contagious! Articulate this value proposition to candidates in a way that engages and motivates them to join us on this adventure 
Deliver a compelling, thoughtful and memorable candidate experience to each person we interview 
Provide regular, data-driven updates to company leadership on recruiting progress 
 About You 
5-8+ years of experience as a Senior Recruiter, preferably at a technology company, where you’ve seen effective, scalable recruiting processes in action 
Startup experience is highly desirable! 
Demonstrated experience engaging and closing passive talent for hard-to-fill roles 
Extensive knowledge of core recruiting processes (including interview scheduling, candidate debriefs, offer negotiations, etc.) 
Experience with Applicant Tracking Systems such as Lever is a must 
Experience running a structured interview process in a high volume recruiting environment 
Experience using a variety of traditional as well as innovative recruiting strategies such as leveraging social media to attract passive candidates 
A demonstrated commitment to taking a data-driven approach to managing the candidate pipeline and reporting on progress 
Organized with strong attention to detail, while also being innovative and flexible as the needs of the business evolve 
Energetic, with a positive and magnetic personality 
 At Aera, we're on a mission to solve the biggest, most intractable challenges in the world of enterprise software. We envision the rise of the Self-Driving Enterprise: a more autonomously functioning business with a central operating system that connects and orchestrates business operations. Our Cognitive Operating System is increasingly used by the world's largest companies to fundamentally transform their organizations and how work is done. 
If you share our passion for building the next generation of enterprise software, and deploying it for the most sophisticated customers in the world, you’ve met your match. Headquartered in Mountain View, California, we're growing fast, with teams in Mountain View and San Francisco (California), Bucharest and Cluj-Napoca (Romania), Paris (France), Munich (Germany), London (UK), Pune and Bangalore (India), Sydney (Australia) and Singapore. So join us, and let’s build the future of work together! 
CALIFORNIA ONLY 
Aera Technology is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Aera Technology will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
Aera Technology respects the privacy of your data. Please take the time to read our Candidate Privacy Notice, available here. Aera Technology 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Recruiter jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Aera Technology in Seattle, WA Senior Recruiter salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aera Technology 4 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
