
 
 
 
 Customer Success Intern - Moffett Field, CA 94035 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Success Intern Verdigris Technologies Moffett Field, CA 94035 Remote Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Verdigris is an artificial intelligence that focuses on optimizing building operation and energy consumption. 
Our core technology combines magnetic sensors with machine-learning techniques. Our unique ability 
enables us to "learn" and distinguish various equipment and appliances. As a result, our platform is 
massively scalable, beneficial and easy-to-adopt. 
Responsibilities: 
Enable Account Management to improve quality of service provided to customers. Help prepare customer 
presentations, education/training materials, gather customer feedback through account teams and gather 
requirements for product improvements. 
Who should apply: 
We are a mission-driven organization and we take career development seriously. We provide broad 
opportunities, challenges and support for the curious and growth minded. As an intern at Verdigris you will 
work with other experts in engineering, business operations and growth teams. 
What you will leave with: Dirty hands, having had to figure out everyday business problems and their solutions A portfolio for future job applications Getting strategic decision making exposure Working with a badass team that can mentor you and where you can learn a lot Working in a highly collaborative startup environment with people you wouldn't have access to 
at larger companies Exposure to the work world in a way that won’t ever be covered in class 
Our culture values open collaboration, pairing, agile teams and flexibility in roles. If you share those values 
we'd love to meet you. 
Required expertise: 
Engineering major (Energy/Environmental, Electrical, Computer Science, or Mechanical), Sustainability. 
UI/UX design experience or interest is nice to have. 
Internship location: 
Remote 
Internship term: 
12 weeks 
Internship Quarter: 
Summer Verdigris Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Moffett Field, CA Jobs at Verdigris Technologies in Moffett Field, CA Customer Success Manager salaries in Moffett Field, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verdigris Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
