
 
 
 
 Sr. PM, Event Technology - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. PM, Event Technology Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience 
 4+ years of experience managing event technology 
 5+ years of experience delivering cross functional/org technical projects 
 Experience developing or utilizing Strategic Meetings Management Platforms (SMMP), including registration/request management systems, mobile event applications, and other onsite tools (e.g. mobile check-in, RFID, etc) 
 Deep experience managing virtual event/webinar/collaboration tools 
 
Amazon Business, rooted in the retail sector, is where we are reshaping how businesses buy and sell supplies. We provide a procurement solution to more than 5 million businesses across geographies and industries to help streamline their purchasing. What makes Amazon Business unique is that we also enable hundreds of thousands of third-party sellers to sell to business customers of all sizes, including public sector entities and multinational enterprises. Since launching in the U.S. in 2015, we have expanded to eight additional countries and reached $25 billion in worldwide annualized sales, more than half of which are from third-party sellers.
 
Across Amazon, we're working on technology that will transform purchasing and bring savings and efficiency for a digital, intelligent, and sustainable future. Through artificial intelligence, machine learning, and predictive analytics, Amazon Business (AB) brings automation and insights to provide a procurement solution to enable pioneering leaders to have a strategic role in transforming their organizations.
 
We are looking for a Sr Event Technology Manager with exceptional virtual, technical, and project management skills to support the development of planning processes, integration and implementation of event technology for the global AB marketing team. This is an opportunity for a dynamic, driven project manager to join our growing team and make a significant contribution building virtual events that enable our worldwide marketing strategies. To be successful in this role you will need to be creative, technically savvy, and driven to deliver high-quality customer-facing events. You should be dedicated to continually testing, measuring, and evolving event technology.
 
 Your responsibilities will include: 
 
 Onboarding, integration, and execution of a broad event technology portfolio 
 Work cross-functionally with event teams to identify, scale, produce, and execute event technology solutions 
 Management and technical implementation of virtual event hosting platforms and solutions used by event teams 
 Event live stream technical management 
 Partner with event marketers to define metrics, developing registration and onsite management/reporting that gathers metrics from conception to reconciliation (including viewership data for virtual events, data flow integrations, and others as needed) 
 Design/develop event microsite and registration platform templates, including but not limited to onsite check-in and mobile solutions 
 Work with program managers, business leaders, sales, internal/external tech teams, and key vendors to drive critical event technology initiatives related to virtual programs and content hosting 
 Event scheduling and prioritization (within the virtual platform and across the event team) 
 Researching, evaluating, and recommending new technologies and technology vendors to support event needs 
 Master’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a technical field. 
 Adobe product experience (e.g. Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Target, Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Analytics, Adobe AdCloud suite). 
 Experience with Salesforce / Pardot 
 Experience designing, architecting, implementing and/or operating within AWS 
 Experience with SQL/HTML/JavaScript/CSS a plus 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Event Coordinator jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Event Coordinator salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
