
 
 
 
 Virtual Customer Care Representative - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Virtual Customer Care Representative Lennar 495 reviews Remote Remote Lennar 495 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview
 This is an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Virtual Customer Care Representative for Lennar. This person will be a key member of the Customer Care Team, which is responsible for providing warranty and service support to our Homeowners. This role will drive Customer Satisfaction by ensuring a timely and thorough response to Homeowner requests. The Virtual Customer Care Representative will focus on assessing, diagnosing and in some cases resolving or scheduling Homeowner service requests remotely through the use of virtual technology. Detailed and accurate communication of findings with the field team will be paramount in resolving requests. 
 
 Must be open to working rotating shifts/flex schedule. 
 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 
 Complete a remote evaluation and diagnosis of each Homeowner service request. 
 Capture detailed information using intelligent visual assistance software. 
 Guide Homeowners through remote support process in a patient and caring manner. 
 Communicate with Homeowners in a way that is informative and valuable, including explaining warrantability and providing DIY self-help assistance. 
 Respond to Homeowner inquiries regarding home warranty, product verification, options standards, maintenance care guidelines and other related topics. 
 Communicate effectively and clearly with Lennar team members and Trade Partners. 
 Understand Lennar’s warranty guidelines and manufacturer recommendations as they apply to elements of each home. 
 Verify contact data within the service software environment including Homeowner contact information and Trade Partner verification. 
 Schedule virtual appointments and Trade Partner appointments. 
 
 #CB 
 Job Requirements 
 Qualifications 
 
Field service experience or equivalent. 
 Committed to fostering and supporting a proactive, customer-driven approach to service. 
 Ability to communicate clearly and attentively with diverse audiences via a remote setting. 
 Comfortable with innovation and technology, including computer applications, remote access, chat, text, and artificial intelligence. 
 Strong organizational, time management, analytical, problem solving, and mediation abilities. 
 Capable of inspiring trust and confidence through effective and professional communication and interpersonal skills, both written and oral. 
 Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously. 
 Work independently with little or no supervision. 
 Ability to adapt and open to change as we evolve the customer experience. 
 Bilingual a plus. 
 Ability to work flex hours preferred. Lennar 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Support Representative jobs in Remote Jobs at Lennar in Remote Customer Support Representative salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lennar Lennar 495 reviews Lennar Corporation constructs homes in 18 different states throughout the U.S., with a focus on single-family homes that include everythi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
