
 
 
 
 Product Management Specialist - June 2021 Start - Scottsdale, AZ 85257 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Management Specialist - June 2021 Start Paradox 8 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85257 Paradox 8 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Do you want a career in tech and the opportunity to make a BIG impact right from the start? 
Are you a naturally curious tinkerer who loves to roll up your sleeves and learn by doing? 
Do you love surrounding yourself with bright, caring people who want to help you grow and learn? 
At Paradox, we believe when you get the people thing right you can build teams that can change the world. We’re a high performance culture with laser focus on building world class products and a team that our clients love. Our flagship product, Olivia, is the AI assistant helping companies around the world reimagine the way they hire: conversations instead of job applications, automatic interview scheduling, and so much more. 
 
 Recently named one of Forbes’ Top 500 Startup Employers, we’re looking for top performers who have a track record of success and want to build a company together as we continue our triple-digit growth. 
On the Product team at Paradox, you’ll have the opportunity to work with some of the most innovative technology on the market and make a BIG impact on shaping and improving our Artificial Intelligence software. Not a software engineer? Perfect! This role doesn’t involve coding or developing software - it’s all about learning how our technology works, analyzing user data, assessing quality, and coming up with creative ideas and improvements based on your insights. This is a perfect opportunity for a tech enthusiast who is passionate about learning, making an impact, and growing a career in Product Management. 
 
 Sound like your dream job? We want to hear from you! 
As a Product Management Specialist, you will: 
Learn everything there is to know about our virtual AI assistant, Olivia, and the natural language processing (NLP) technologies that power Olivia’s conversational skills
 Become the in-house expert on all things Olivia and assist Product Managers with conversational AI projects, lending your product knowledge to help with unique challenges and customized solutions for our clients 
Own ongoing quality assurance (QA), continuously monitoring Olivia’s chat conversations and training the AI technology to better understand and respond to users’ questions 
Analyze user data and industry trends to drive improvements, training efforts and creative new applications for Olivia’s conversational AI capabilities 
Get the unique opportunity to develop your Product Management skills and experience and work towards promotion to Associate Product Manager (and beyond!) 
Experience & Skills Required 
Bachelor’s degree
 Previous internship or other work experience 
A passion for learning and working with new technology and a desire to develop a deep technical understanding of Paradox’s software products 
Excellent analytical skills and the ability to interpret, synthesize, and communicate information 
Creativity and the ability to propose and drive product improvements 
Ability to adapt to a fast-paced, changing environment and handle multiple priorities 
Why You Should Work at Paradox:
 Work side by side with passionate, purposeful people - Talent is our DNA and we pride ourselves on having the best! 
Ability to make a big impact on a growing organization and drive your own growth 
The opportunity to build the next big thing in recruiting technology 
Internal and external professional development, coaching, and continuous education opportunities Paradox 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Specialist jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Paradox in Scottsdale, AZ Product Specialist salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Paradox Paradox 8 reviews We are Paradox, the AI company that believes recruiting is a people game.  

Our flagship product is Olivia, the AI recruiting assistan... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
