
 
 
 
 Director, Go to Market (Remote, US) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Go to Market (Remote, US) Sitel 11,692 reviews United States Remote Sitel 11,692 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training, and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills, and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest, and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences, and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customers touch points. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 Position Overview 
 
 This is an exciting opportunity for a seasoned Marketing Leader with demonstrated experience and passion for B2B/Enterprise Marketing. As Director, Go-To-Market (GTM) at Sitel Group, you will be a critical member of the AmeriPac Marketing team responsible for defining, developing, and executing Sitel’s GTM strategy in the region to drive revenue and increase brand awareness. Working with Sales, Solutions, and regional and corporate Marketing teams, you lead a global team of campaign managers, copywriters, and designers to identify and implement account-based marketing strategies across key sectors, products and regions. In developing go-to-market strategies, you will support product marketing, sales enablement, and case study developments. Additionally, you will care deeply about bringing together the art and science of marketing to enable B2B marketing excellence by investing and innovating in our marketing tech stack. 
 
 Core Responsibilities 
 
 Develop, manage and execute holistic GTM strategy and marketing campaigns for the products you support including key activities and budgets to support the acquisition of new customers and deliver a pipeline that creates an impact on the business bottom line and is aligned with the region’s goals. 
 Create and manage account-based marketing plans and initiatives alongside the sales team to target, personalize and influence sales targets. 
 Responsible for leading both strategy and orchestration for inbound and outbound marketing programs that drive brand awareness and lead acquisition for Sitel AmeriPac. 
 Planning, executing, and coaching team to execute GTM strategies. 
 Lead the regional marketing component of the GTM strategy and/or new product launches and cross-functional implementation of the plan. 
 A key focus will be demand generation, including the curation and development of relevant content to support your channel marketing programs, including overseeing content development, sales, enablement materials. 
 Analyze and optimize strategies and tactics to improve performance. 
 Collaborate across groups to develop product positioning and messaging that resonates with our target buyer personas while developing in-depth knowledge of products, sectors, and regions. 
 Develop ongoing nurture programs to enhance the opportunity readiness of leads. 
 Work closely with sales to gather feedback on Marketing Qualified Leads to inform programs.
 Assess the effectiveness of marketing programs and report back to the heads of marketing, product, and sales. 
 Understand and support our sales channels; develop internal tools (cheat sheets) and external collateral (brochures, videos, infographics). 
 Drive alignment amongst Product, Sales, and Marketing to ensure campaign success. 
 Curating the tech stack needed to supply the organization with the right tools and resources needed to enable execution against goals. 
 Adapt agile marketing and core project management skills leveraging our Asana project management platform. 
 Drive regional content marketing and thought leadership strategy, including launching YouTube-based video channel and accompany client newsletter. 
 Develop and manage marketing budgets to maximize ROI of all marketing spend using a data-driven approach to decision making and optimize spend, cost, and marketing ROI and KPIs across all marketing programs and tactics. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Minimum 7 years experience managing Go-To-Market teams. 
 A deep digital marketing experience – is a must. 
 Demonstrated experience and application in targeting, campaigns, messaging, content, and mix of execution to land and deliver pipeline with proven learning. 
 Data-driven & results-oriented with a keen ability to manage projects on time, on budget with a controlled set of resources, and leverage operations tools to track campaigns & events.
 Must understand how to analyze and refine programs based on performance and results. 
 Strong written, verbal, and presentation skills. 
 Agile team player that can collaborate and build momentum.
 Strategic business partner to sales, with the ability to communicate, influence, and align. 
 Ability to lead, influence, and manage executive relationships, peer relationships, and industry relationships. 
 Working knowledge of the BPO industry is a plus. 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing or related field preferred. 
 Ability to travel 25%. 
 
 Locations 
 
 Remote, US Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Director salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,692 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
