
 
 
 
 AppD Competitive Intelligence Analyst - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AppD Competitive Intelligence Analyst Cisco Systems 5,870 reviews Atlanta, GA Remote Cisco Systems 5,870 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About AppDynamics : 
AppDynamics is an application performance monitoring solution that uses machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) to provide real-time visibility and insight into IT environments. With our unique AIOps solution, you can take the right action at exactly the right time with automated anomaly detection, rapid root-cause analysis, and a unified view of your entire application ecosystem, including private and public clouds. Using AppDynamics, you’ll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver flawless customer experiences at scale.
 
 About the role : 
The Competitive Intelligence Analyst will be a force multiplier for AppDynamics’ industry leading sales, pre-sales, and customer success organizations! AppDynamics prioritizes delivering a world-class Enablement program and is looking to bring on a talented person to join an existing team of competitive analysts within the Sales organization with the capabilities to address the needs of our field sales, inside sales, and presales engineers world-wide.
 This is an individual contributor role, reporting to the Director of the Competitive Intelligence Team, with responsibilities that include: Primarily providing customer/prospect-specific competitive materials to sales teams for those accounts in response to direct requests from those teams Secondarily developing general comparative business and technical sales enablement content highlighting the advantages of AppDynamics and identifying deficiencies in the competition
 Key responsibilities :  Communicate technical material, regardless of audience, in a clear and concise manner: the expectation will be that this role will be able to communicate at the level of an excellent tech writer and will not need support in that regard Respond to customer/prospect-specific requests from account teams by quickly assembling existing material and/or doing targeted research and providing the appropriate sales-oriented of detail back to the requestors—this ranges from a few key bullet points to tuning presentations created by the account team or even creating the presentations themselves Work closely with existing market analysts and sales/pre-sales engineering to develop and extend existing competitive enablement materials – this will include broad and deep research and the creation of documents, presentations, and recordings Be an internal and external evangelist for AppDynamics and related Cisco products
 
 About you : 
The ideal candidate will be a go-getter that wants to make an impact on the success of every individual and the business as a whole. Existing experience doing research on enterprise software products coupled with excellent written and presentation skills is a must.
 The candidate will need to become a power user of the AppDynamics platform, understand the surrounding technology ecosystems, and the critical value cases that drive value and new customer revenue. They will need to quickly analyze competitive products and the companies who make them with the goal of identifying the most impactful ways that AppDynamics betters those offerings and then communicate those findings concisely and with impact.
 The role is perfectly suited to a work-from-home lifestyle from any location that provides excellent Internet connectivity, though Cisco can provide office space as necessary. While this role will support inquiries from around the world the primary work hours will be US-standard.
 Past successful team members include senior level technical architects in Fortune 100 companies, an AppDynamics SE who was looking for new opportunities to use their knowledge of the sales process & the AppDynamics solution, and a DevOps engineer with existing communications skills who was hungry to grow in that area. Other backgrounds like sales engineer, technical or management consultant, or business value consultant (with a strong technical understanding) might well lend themselves to this role: ultimately being hungry, creative, technically minded and an excellent communicator matters as much as prior experience.
 Qualifications :  Excellent written and verbal communications skills, ideally including experience in communication to audiences that are not extremely technical 2-5+ years overall industry experience with experience in one or more of the following: sales engineering, IT Operations, engineering and/or architecting monitoring solutions (particularly APM), or development including some DevOps Bachelor’s Degree or applicable experience Strong presentation skills Proven ability to work independently to meet assigned objectives Prior technical sales/support experience desired but not required Prior experience organizing knowledge/content desired but not required.
 Benefits :  We take great pride in the award-winning culture at AppDynamics. For example: Medical, dental, vision coverage. 401k match (4.5%) Wellness perks (gym, hobbies, education, store discounts, personal finance). 4 weeks paid time off (PTO), 5 days volunteer time off (VTO), 14 holidays (including 1 birthday PTO and 1 floating holiday). Mandatory company shut down between Christmas and New Years. Weekly catered breakfast and lunch, and all the snacks, fruits and drinks your heart desires, monthly happy hour events, and weekly massages. Free shuttle service and pre-tax commuter benefits.
 
 Just a Note: 
 Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies:  AppDynamics does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any AppDynamics employee. AppDynamics will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of AppDynamics.
 AppDynamics is an equal opportunity employer​and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other unlawful factor. AppDynamics complies with all applicable laws, including those regarding consideration of qualified applicants with criminal histories (such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance). If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact recruiting@appdynamics.com. AppDynamics participates in E-Verify.
 Why Cisco
 #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference powering an inclusive future for all.
 We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (36 years strong) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!
 But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
 Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, give our egos a break, and give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, bold steps, and take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a dedication to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
 So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us! Cisco Systems 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Cisco Systems in Atlanta, GA Intelligence Analyst salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cisco Systems Cisco Systems 5,870 reviews #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We em... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
