
 
 
 
 Data Analyst 2 - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Analyst 2 Nordstrom 13,538 reviews Seattle, WA Nordstrom 13,538 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary Up to $46.10 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Data Analyst 2
 Job Description
 Data Analyst 2 – Strategic Analytics
 Nordstrom is reinventing the retail industry through the power of data and artificial intelligence. The vision for Data Science & Analytics at Nordstrom is to be the best data-driven fashion retailer in the world, and we win by being relevant to the customer through an application of insight and prediction to outcomes.
 The  Data Analyst 2 role on the Strategic Analytics  team is responsible for collecting, analyzing and presenting data to improve decision making around the customer experience. This individual should have a high degree of curiosity about the business and the skills to discover impactful insights from data. They should be able to communicate those insights in a way that builds confidence and enables decisions that drive business value.
 We are part of the Nordstrom’s centralized Data Science and Analytics team with the focus on supporting executive management with robust decision support data science. Here we build data science products and provide analytics consulting in support of strategic business decisions, including customer personalization, marketing, merchandise, supply chain, and digital experience. We work as the quantitative right-hand for the executive team with a passion for supporting data-driven decision making, a devotion to advanced techniques, along with a creative team spirit!
 The ideal candidate is a creative self-starter and strong technical contributor who is always looking for new opportunities to solve business problems with data-driven tools. We welcome your curiosity about the business, your passion to unlock rich, nuanced insights from complicated data and the desire to communicate those insights in a way that drives positive business outcomes.
 We are committed to building teams that reflect the diversity of our customers and active inclusion is core to how Nordstrom wins  .  We’re an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals from all backgrounds to apply. If the idea to make a difference in this vibrant intersection of fashion, data science, and technology excites you, join our world-class data science team!
 A day in the life…
 Partner with key stakeholders on data analysis problems.
 Apply common statistical methods, data modeling, and predictive analysis to answer strategic questions for the business.
 Provide actionable insights to the business through data analytics and synthesize results into succinct presentations that aid senior management in decision making.
 Collect data to analyze, execute and measure the customer analysis, marketing campaigns, merchandise and digital experience analysis.
 Support BI reporting, database production and ad hoc analysis.
 Dive deep into complex business problems and provide insights into acquisition and demand patterns through hypothesis testing.
 Dive deep into complex business problems and provide insights to Marketing, Merchandise, or Digital Experience through hypothesis testing.
 Actively collaborate to apply learning to other channels/campaigns/products/business units.
 Utilize SQL/Python/R or other relevant statistical tools for data mining and predictive analytics.
 Reconcile divergent demands of multiple stakeholders in a fast work environment
 Perform other duties as assigned.
 You own this if you have…
 Bachelor’s degree in marketing, statistics, math, economics or related quantitative discipline.
 Advanced quantitative degree preferred.
 2+ years of experience using Python/SQL/R (or equivalent) programming languages required.
 2+ years of experience analyzing data, drawing conclusions and making recommendations.
 Proficiency with advanced graphics/visualization software/packages (e.g. R-Shiny, ggplot, plotly, matplotlib, Tableau, Data Studio).
 Ability to demonstrate analytical and problem-solving skills.
 Clear and effective written and verbal communication and strong interpersonal skills.
 Ability to develop strong, synergistic relationships with a multitude of teams and personnel
 Interest in fashion and shopping a plus
 You’ll love this Job If You
 …are a self-directed individual who operates with passion, urgency, focus, and discipline… put simply, you get-stuff-done.
 …have problem solving skills that are unparalleled…you are scrappy and resourceful
 …are an adaptable team player. You will enthusiastically take on other assignments as needed to support your team!
 …are detailed-oriented with a knack for precision and accuracy in numbers and analyses.
 …are someone who appreciates diversity in all it’s forms
 …are someone who appreciates a company that values and encourages work-life balance
 About Nordstrom
 Nordstrom is a specialty retailer offering the very best in fashion and customer service since 1901. We live by five simple values that guide how we work together day-to-day and how we deliver analytics & data science products. We are customer-obsessed, owners at heart, curious and ever-changing, we extend ourselves to our peers and our customers, and we’re here to win! We're proud to be named to Fortune™ magazine's list of '100 Best Companies to Work For.' We believe this recognition comes from our desire to empower our employees to set their sights high and deliver exceptional service to customers.
 We’ve got you covered…
 Our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. Nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families, including:
 Medical/Vision, Dental, Retirement and Paid Time Away
 Life Insurance and Disability
 Merchandise Discount and EAP Resources
 A few more important points...
 The job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. It’s not all-inclusive. There may be additional duties, responsibilities and qualifications for this job.
 Nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements.
 Applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest Nordstrom location, which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com .
 Nordstrom Careers Privacy Policy: https://careers.nordstrom.com/#/contact-us/privacy
 © 2021 Nordstrom
 Current Nordstrom employees: To apply, log into Workday, click the Careers button and then click Find Jobs.
 Hourly and salary pay ranges specific to Colorado are listed below, which is provided in compliance with Colorado law. Nordstrom continues to remain competitive with pay and benefits in all markets.
 Hourly
 Minimum - $12.55/hr
 Maximum - $46.10/hr
 Salary (Non-Exempt and Exempt)
 Minimum - $30,200/annual
 Maximum - $289,200/annual Nordstrom 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Analyst jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Nordstrom in Seattle, WA Senior Data Analyst salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nordstrom Nordstrom 13,538 reviews Nordstrom, Inc. is a leading fashion retailer based in the U.S. Founded in 1901 as a shoe store in Seattle, today Nordstrom operates 381 ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
