
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Fort Meade, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist National Security Agency 249 reviews Fort Meade, MD National Security Agency 249 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $103,690 - $159,286 a year Full Job Description Job Summary 
NSA is in search of Computer Science professionals to solve complex problems, test innovative approaches and research new solutions to storing, manipulating, and presenting information. We are looking for you to apply your computer science expertise to projects that seek to create new standards for the transformation of information. If you want to develop technologies and tools and be a part of cutting edge innovations ' join our team of experts! Help protect national security interests as part of the world's most advanced team of computer science professionals! 
Qualifications 
Candidates for the NSA's Data Scientist roles are asked to complete a data science examination evaluating their knowledge of statistics, mathematics, and computer science topics that pertain to data science work. Passing this examination is a requirement in order to be considered for selection into a data scientist position.
Salary Range: $73,076 - $91,057 (Entry/Developmental)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
Entry is with a Bachelor's degree and no experience. An Associate's degree plus 2 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position.
Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g. physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, and life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count.
Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university.
Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, and/or software engineering. Experience in more than one area is strongly preferred. 
Salary Range: $84,529 - $113,362 (Full Performance)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree and no experience. An Associate's degree plus 5 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position.
Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g. physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, and life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count.
Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university.
Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, or software engineering.
Salary Range: $103,690 - $159,286 (Senior)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 4 years of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree plus 2 years of relevant experience. An Associate's degree plus 8 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position.
Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g., physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count.
Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university.
Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, or software engineering.
Salary Range: $144,128 - $172,500 (Expert)
*The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position.
Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 9 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 7 years of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree plus 5 years of relevant experience. An Associate's degree plus 11 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position.
Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g., physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count.
Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university.
Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, or software engineering. 
Competencies 
The ideal candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning and strong problem-solving, analytic and interpersonal skills. You might be a great fit for our team if any of the following describe you:
- Completed a degree program in the fields of mathematics, statistics, computer science, computational sciences, or a passion for rigorous analysis of data
- Tenacity, integrity, persistence, and willingness to learn
- Ability to solve complex problems
- Use critical thinking and reasoning to make analytic determinations
- Works effectively in a collaborative environment
- Strong communications skills to both technical and non-technical audiences
- The desire to serve over 300 million fellow Americans and make a difference in world events 
Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule 
On the job training, internal NSA courses, and external training will be made available based on the need and experience of the selectee.
Monday - Friday, with basic 8 hr/day requirements between 0800 to 1800 (flexible) 
How to apply 
To apply for this position, please click the 'Apply' button located at the top right of this posting. After completing the application for the first time, or reviewing previously entered information, and clicking the 'Submit' button, you will receive a confirmation email. Please ensure your spam filters are configured to accept emails from noreply@intelligencecareers.gov.
***PLEASE NOTE: U.S. Citizenship is required for all applicants. Reasonable accommodations provided to applicants with disabilities during the application and hiring process where appropriate. NSA is an equal opportunity employer and abides by applicable employment laws and regulations. All applicants and employees are subject to random drug testing in accordance with Executive Order 12564. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a security background investigation and polygraph.
This position is a Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are a veteran claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you may be asked to submit documents verifying your eligibility.
Please note that you may be asked a series of questions depending on the position you apply for. Your responses will be used as part of the screening process of your application and will assist in determining your eligibility for the position. Be sure to elaborate on experiences in your resume. Failure to provide the required information or providing inaccurate information will result in your application not being considered for this position. Only those applicants who meet the qualifications for the position will be contacted to begin employment processing.
Please Note: Job Posting could close earlier than the closing date due to sufficient number of applicants or position no longer available. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible. 
DCIPS Disclaimer 
The National Security Agency (NSA) is part of the DoD Intelligence Community Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). All positions in the NSA are in the Excepted Services under 10 United States Codes (USC) 1601 appointment authority. 
arrow_upward Back to Top National Security Agency 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Fort Meade, MD Jobs at National Security Agency in Fort Meade, MD Data Scientist salaries in Fort Meade, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Security Agency National Security Agency 249 reviews It’s Not Only What You Do, It’s Why You Do It

What's Your Expertise?

Is it a STEM field or business? Foreign language or intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
