
 
 
 
 SDR Talent - REMOTE US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SDR Talent - REMOTE US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
The Talent SDR is responsible for supporting and working alongside the Talent Acquisition Team by proactively sourcing talent and booking interviews for Seamless.AI job openings. The successful candidate must have an eagerness to learn more about recruiting top talent using our tech stack and not be afraid to make a cold call. 
 
 Responsibilities:
 Must be able to cold call and build relationships by phone/email using Seamless.AI, Linkedin, job boards and social media sites to generate awareness and candidate flow; all while providing appropriate candidate follow up. 
Determine new/creative ways to introduce Seamless.AI to potential active and passive candidates. 
Participate in advancing candidates forward by conducting and scheduling candidate interviews. 
Perform extensive Internet based research, cold calling and other sourcing techniques to introduce the best candidates and build future pipelines. 
Ensure all required documentation is completed for all candidates throughout the sourcing process. 
 Requirements: 
Experience including but not limited to cold calling, sourcing for talent, conducting interviews, and interview coordination. 
Experience working with an ATS system (Lever preferred) and a HRIS system. 
Willingness to recruit aggressively while adhering to ethical business practices. 
Team player with a high sense of urgency and motivation to see the team succeed. 
Strong (written and verbal) communication, organization and negotiating skills. 
Self-sufficient and able to work with little direct supervision. 
 Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
