
 
 
 
 Aerospace Controls Researcher - Manassas, VA 20110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Aerospace Controls Researcher Aurora Flight Sciences 45 reviews Manassas, VA 20110 Aurora Flight Sciences 45 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Brief 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is seeking an Aerospace Controls Researcher to lead research at the intersection of autonomous systems and control design for aircraft, spacecraft, and other vehicles. 
 
 Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, has a 30-year history of applying autonomy and robotics to the development of advanced aircraft. The Aerospace Controls Researcher will participate in and lead new research programs at the intersection of autonomous systems and control design, collaborating with experts in artificial intelligence, machine learning, dynamics, and control throughout Boeing and academia. 
 
 Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, has a 30-year history of applying autonomy and robotics to the development of advanced aircraft. The Aerospace Controls Researcher will participate in and lead new research programs at the intersection of autonomous systems and control design, collaborating with experts in artificial intelligence, machine learning, dynamics, and control throughout Boeing and academia. 
 
Specific Responsibilities: 
 Collaborate with top tier universities to bring the latest exciting developments in research into practical application for Aurora/Boeing projects. 
 Contribute to research proposals for government/DOD programs. 
 Conduct novel research in autonomy and control for aircraft, leveraging and advancing the state of the art in topics such as adaptive control, machine learning, optimal estimation, and new vehicle architectures that present novel GNC opportunities. 
 Present/organize at conferences, workshops, invited sessions, and publish journal papers. 
 Lead the specification, design, development, integration, and test of aircraft GNC/Autonomy systems on ongoing Aurora Programs. 
 Supervise technical work. 
 Position Requirements: 
 PhD – Aero/Astro, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering with guidance and control emphasis 
 Expertise in some, and working knowledge of most of the following: Adaptive control, learning-based control, nonlinear control, optimal control, optimal trajectory design, optimal guidance, missile guidance and control, reinforcement learning, Kalman filtering, stochastic estimation. 
 3+ years of related professional experience in aerospace industry. 
 Must be fluent in MATLAB and Simulink, working knowledge of C++ desired. 
 Must be a US Person (US Citizen or US Permanent Resident) 
 Desired Requirements: 
 Active DOD clearance 
 Aurora Company Overview: 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems. 
 
 
 Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Aurora Flight Sciences 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Manassas, VA Jobs at Aurora Flight Sciences in Manassas, VA Researcher salaries in Manassas, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aurora Flight Sciences Aurora Flight Sciences 45 reviews Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is an innovative technology company that develops smarter aircraft using advanced autonomous sy... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
