
 
 
 
 Partner – Artificial Intelligence and Automation - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Partner – Artificial Intelligence and Automation Infosys Limited 13,656 reviews Atlanta, GA Infosys Limited 13,656 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Infosys Consulting – Partner – Artificial Intelligence and Automation 
 
Infosys Consulting is currently seeking a Partner with experience in the Artificial Intelligence, Automation and Advanced Analytics space. The role, based in North America, preferably on the East coast will require deep experience in selling and delivering large-scale AIA engagements to further establish and grow our global AIA practice 
 
Responsibilities: 
Practice Development 
Develop and successfully take to market AIA – Data and Analytics offerings
 Lead assessments, develop AIA led transformation strategies and a multi-year journey map
 Ability to understand, architect and crisply communicate the value of AIA led transformation to clients 
Build out team, IP and tool set to deliver offerings 
Author articles that advance the quality of client service and practice level knowledge management activities 
 
Sales 
Lead teams to prepare large proposals and program plans, facilitate Infosys differentiators (like specific consulting frameworks, intellectual property etc.), articulate value proposition, review and fine tune the financials, and lead proposal presentations in order to create a compelling proposition for the client to engage Infosys. 
Build and maintain professional relationship with senior and C-level client executives and expand professional network in client organizations.
 Lead individual sales of $6.0M/year 
 
Delivery
 Oversee delivery of engagements in AIA – Data and Analytics Transformations
 Maintain active delivery responsibilities supporting 30% personal utilization 
Advise clients on key trends, best practices, and emerging technologies 
Provide intellectual leadership and active partner participation for the portfolio of projects 
 
Basic Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree. 
Must have 18 years of Professional experience in the Consulting sector 
Must have at least 15 years of consulting experience in AIA, Data & Analytics Digital space. Experience spans current technology developments in RPA / IPA, data science (ML, DL, NLP), advanced analytics, ideally AIA enablement of SAP rollouts
 Ability to run large AIA led Enterprise Transformation Programs
 U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. Infosys Consulting will not sponsor a H1B Visa or do a H1B Transfer. 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
M.B.A or equivalent advanced degree 
20+ years of leadership experience, with strong sales/relationship management/account management experience with an industry or service offering focus. 
Consulting Experience with prominent institutions (Prior Big 4 Consulting Experience) would be a strong advantage in a Partner Capacity 
Wide variety of IT and business consulting engagement experience; experience managing large multi-location consulting engagement team’s desirable. 
 
About Us: 
Infosys Consulting is the global management and technology consulting practice of Infosys, a global leader in technology services and consulting. We combine the power of time-tested methodologies, people-driven innovation and disruptive technology to enable leaders of the world’s top brands pursue a path of smart transformation. Together with our clients, internal and external partners, we co-create and execute pragmatic strategies and solutions that transform organizations and define the future of business. Our dynamically growing consultancy offers our consultants: 
Ability to design and implement end-to-end solutions at scale 
A flat organization structure with direct access to our senior-most leaders 
An entrepreneurial environment full of bright, highly motivated consultants 
Opportunities for motivated consultants to impact local communities 
The ability to design your career and drive your professional learning and development 
A truly global culture 
 
We have offices in over 20 countries. Our U.S. hub offices are located in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, New York, Seattle and Palo Alto. Visit http://www.infosysconsultinginsights.com or reach us at consulting@infosys.com for more information. 
 
EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin Infosys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Partner jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Infosys in Atlanta, GA Partner salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Infosys Limited Infosys Limited 13,656 reviews Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digita... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
