
 
 
 
 Cloud Advocate - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Advocate Microsoft 7,121 reviews San Francisco, CA Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join our team and make the world better for Developers! 
We are the Developer Relations team in Cloud + AI Engineering. Our global team is passionate about making the world amazing for Developers, Makers, Data Scientists, Technologists, Students, Entrepreneurs, and IT Professionals of all backgrounds. We help developers do what they love; create, code, and learn. We are active in the developer community and contribute to open source projects and tools. We build advocacy and help others skill-up across Microsoft products: Azure, GitHub, Visual Studio, Microsoft 365, Power Platform, and Teams. 
The mission of Developer Relations is to empower developers to achieve more. We are looking for Cloud Advocates who will be based around Microsoft Reactors in the following locations: Bengaluru (Bangalore), London, New York City, Redmond, San Francisco, Sao Paulo, Shanghai, Stockholm, Sydney, and Toronto. As a Cloud Advocate, you’ll be instrumental in building a large and vibrant regional developer community with the Reactor as your local hub. You’ll prioritize your time engaging with professional developers as well as mentor students through the Microsoft Learn Ambassadors and Imagine Cup programs. You’ll also be empowered to create amazing, authentic demos on a broad range of technologies and build interactive workshops with Microsoft Learn. Join us as we inspire and earn the hearts and minds of developers broadly. 
Responsibilities 
Deliver interactive workshops and community sessions at Microsoft Reactors regularly in your local geographic area. This role may also present an opportunity to occasionally deliver sessions across other Reactor locations and Microsoft offices worldwide. 
Deliver streaming and rich-media experiences on Microsoft platforms like Learn TV and Channel 9 as well as Twitch, YouTube, and others. Interact regularly with developers socially on Twitter, GitHub, Reddit, StackOverflow, and Quora as well as online forums, blogs, or other popular social media. Build your following/subscribers and represent both yourself and Microsoft. 
Recruit and mentor Student Developers in your geographic region and mentor them through the Microsoft Learn Ambassadors, Imagine Cup, and regional hackathon events. Help us build communities that are inclusive and vibrant. 
Contribute to Cloud Advocacy technical v-teams which might include your area of expertise or an area you aspire to build career experience in. These might include: Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Native App Dev, Data Science, DevOps, Low-/ no code solutions, IoT, Mixed Reality, and Cybersecurity among others. 
 Contribute to Microsoft Reactor cross-discipline v-teams that includes goal-setting, defining our customer journey, inclusive community-building initiatives, creative planning, demand generation, and social media. 
 Champion open source and product advocacy for Microsoft products like Azure, GitHub, Visual Studio, Microsoft 365, Power Platform, and Teams. 
 Scale your efforts by partnering regionally with the Microsoft subsidiaries and via community programs like Microsoft MVPs, Docker Captains, Oracle Java Champions, etc. 
Use data, experiments, and customer feedback to drive growth in the developer community. Work with other Cloud Advocates, senior leadership and product engineering to deliver insight and actionable product feedback to Microsoft and open source solutions. 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications: 
3+ years of experience in software development, popular programming languages, and cloud computing / IT infrastructure 
1+ years of proven experience contributing to 3rd party developer online communities (StackOverflow, GitHub, Reddit, Quora, open source projects and docs, etc.) and social media platforms (Twitter or other local geographic equivalents). 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Previous experience as a Developer Advocate, Developer Evangelist, Program Manager, or Software Engineer role that included community involvement or public speaking. Relevant consulting / project-based / volunteer work may also be considered. 
Passion for helping connect people and communities to Microsoft technologies inclusive of open source with a particular emphasis on engaging next gen developers that are actively learning; this might include beginner or intermediate Software Engineers, Data Scientists, Analysts / Domain Experts, Makers, Technologies, Entrepreneurs, IT Professionals, or other roles. 
A self-starter that can manage and prioritize initiatives that will make our developers and platform the most successful. Understanding of professional developers that are seeking to upskill, and why/how they make choices about the technologies they use. You have a “pulse” on the tech industry. You separate the signal from the noise. 
A willingness to learn, share, and improve. Ability to self-study; ramp to new technologies. Technical skills sufficient to experiment and forge new paths, even with limited documentation and with less stable or products in Beta/Preview stage. 
Travel: Primarily to Microsoft Reactors and events in your regional geographic area. Opportunity to contribute and present at events and other Microsoft office locations worldwide. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Microsoft in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
