
 
 
 
 SSIS Developer - Alpharetta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SSIS Developer Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Alpharetta, GA Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Role:  SSIS Developer
 
 Cognizant (NASDAQ:  CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.
 
 
 Please note, this role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future* 
 
Practice - AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics
 
 About AI & Analytics:  Artificial intelligence (AI) and the data it collects and analyzes will soon sit at the core of all intelligent, human-centric businesses. By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need. Within AI & Analytics, we work to design the future—a future in which trial-and-error business decisions have been replaced by informed choices and data-supported strategies.
 
By applying AI and data science, we help leading companies to prototype, refine, validate, and scale their AI and analytics products and delivery models. Cognizant’s AIA practice takes insights that are buried in data, and provides businesses a clear way to transform how they source, interpret and consume their information. Our clients need flexible data structures and a streamlined data architecture that quickly turns data resources into informative, meaningful intelligence.
 
 Qualifications: 
MUST be having strong Data Warehousing Business Intelligence background by experience.
 
Minimum 5 years of relevant experience
 
MUST have at least one year of hands on experience in Azure data platform including, but not limited to the following:
 
1. Azure SQL Server
 
2. Azure SQL DW
 
3. Azure Data Factory
 
4. Azure blob storage data lake store
 
5. Azure SSIS integration runtime
 
6. Various security and encryption methods TDE on data at rest and motion
 
7. Various type of PaaS SaaS services surrounding data solutions
 
8. Azure Active Directory and AD authentication
 
9. Virtual Network subnet gateway VPN Express Route
 
10. General idea of networking topology in and around Azure
 
MUST have strong SQL Server DB SSIS ETL design and development experience
 
Good to have hands on experience on Oracle database
 
MUST have solid performance tuning exposure on both database and ETL design perspective.
 
MUST have dimensional data modeling skill; ability to perform efficient data analysis on source systems and translate business rules into SQL queries
 
Good to have experience in Agile development
 
Being an onsite role strong verbal and written communication interpersonal skill
 
Ability to work in an onsite/offshore delivery model
 
Interaction with both IT and business stakeholders
 
Strong problem solving ability on various medium to complex data related use cases
 
Experience with SSIS SSRS Azure development indexing stored procedures a plus
 
Experience or Familiarity with SQL Server database
 
Experience using Agile development methodology Analyzes designs codes tests corrects and documents moderate to highly complex programs to ensure optimal performance and compliance
 Strong team player with excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
 
Cognizant is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Cognizant is committed to ensuring that all current and prospective associates are afforded equal opportunities and treatment and a work environment free of harassment.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  May 24 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Alpharetta, GA Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in Alpharetta, GA Developer salaries in Alpharetta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cognizant Technology Solutions Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients'​ business, operating an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
