
 
 
 
 Technical Program Management - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Program Management Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Texas Remote Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Technical Program Management 
Join us as a Technical Program Management Consultant on our Client Software & Solutions Program Management team in Austin, Texas to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact. 
What you’ll achieve: 
As a Technical Program Management Consultant, you will be responsible for the management of Consumer and Commercial software development for the Client Product Group. Lead cross-functional programs through the Offer Lifecycle Management Process (OLP). Plan, budget, monitor, and report on the progress of the program and stay on the committed schedule. Lead Strategic business initiatives aimed at the core execution of Business Unit. Drive the development and implementation of new and exciting software products and services, working closely with marketing, engineering, and other support groups in cross-functional teams to manage the entire lifecycle of highly complex, high-risk projects. Identify and implement process improvements and assist in the integration of complex business factors to develop and implement long-term strategic planning objectives. 
You will: 
Lead cross-functional core teams and drive execution across all product development functions (including: Development Engineering, Marketing, Services, Operations, Quality, Finance, and other functional areas) through our Offer Lifecycle Process (OLP) 
Establish program schedules, identify key risk mitigation plans, and manage major risks and issues through effective contingency plans and proper escalations 
Develop common-sense solutions to complex business problems through in-depth investigation, coordination, and collaboration with key decision makers 
Establish clear objectives and deliverables for the program to support business needs 
Take the first step towards your dream career 
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role: 
Essential Requirements
 Strong leadership and core program management skills including demonstrated track record of quality delivery, project and program management, interpersonal relationship skills, influence skills and strong communication skills for regular interaction with senior leadership on risk assessment, project status and KPI attainment. 
Understanding of Software Development processes and methodologies 
Focus on building positive, productive working relationships with our stakeholders and core teams, and be a trusted business partner. 
Organizational skills, thought leadership and ability to influence through large scale cross functional teams to deliver outcomes. 
Solid experience with Software Development release planning practices (Agile and Waterfall) 
Desirable Requirements
 PMP Certified 
MBA and/or BS in Computer Science 
10 + Years of industry experience in SW Program Management 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself, and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, Artificial Intelligence, and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
Application closing date: 15th March 2021 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the 
 Job Family: Program-Management Remote 
 Job ID: R104915 Dell 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Texas Jobs at Dell Technologies in Texas Technical Program Manager salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
