
 
 
 
 Engineering Manager, Customer Edge - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Manager, Customer Edge Google 3,878 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
API development experience 
 Networking protocols experience 
 Network configuration experience 
 Network test automation experience 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
1 year of experience in tech leadership or people management position 
 Experience with intent based networking 
 Experience with data modeling related to network devices and features
 Experience developing in Golang 
 Familiarity with Network Vendor Routers: Arista, Juniper, Cisco
 About the job 
Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. SWE Managers have not only the technical expertise to take on and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As a SWE Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our exceptional software engineers are just getting started - and as a manager, you guide the way. 
 In delivering on its mission, the Customer Solutions Engineering (CSE) team ensures technology continuity at the customer edge of Google Global Networking (GGN). This includes owning the entire lifecycle of new products and technologies being introduced into the network - conceptualizing, prototyping, developing, executing the pilot, rolling out to the network, making it generally available, supporting the network/design in its deployed state, and deprecating it. The team holds itself accountable for the holistic health of the customer facing edge network and ensuring the edge meets its promised Service Level Objective (SLOs). 
Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. 
Responsibilities 
 Participate in the design and lead the CSE implementation of a novel approach to define network elements and their capabilities in a hardware agnostic manner using feature profile protos. 
 Execute on first use-cases of feature-profiles in B2 within the CSE domain - test automation & dynamic config generation.
 Influence the GGN test strategy for device functional, integration and workflow automation testing, by modularizing testing across the B2 systems' API boundaries. Own corresponding test automation for the CSE domain. nfluence the design of CSE's northbound APIs towards the new WAN efforts unfolding in GGN. 
 Own the business logic portion of the CSE network provisioning workflows and services, working with partner teams to define the right API boundaries between infrastructure and business logic portions of the turn-ups. 
 Mentor junior engineers - software engineers, network engineers, and site reliability engineers. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineering Manager jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Google in Sunnyvale, CA Engineering Manager salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
