
 
 
 
 Carbon Neutral Program Manager - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Carbon Neutral Program Manager Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Los Altos, CA 94022 Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The company 
At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. 
We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun environment with forward-thinking people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve your goals. Come work with TRI if you’re interested in transforming mobility through designing technology for safer cars, enabling the elderly to age in place, or designing alternative fuel sources. Start your impossible with us. 
The challenge 
Achieving net-zero carbon emissions is one of the most important challenges facing our world. Vehicle electrification is an important pathway toward decarbonizing the transportation sector, but this strategy relies on creating a carbon-free electrical grid. Large-scale trucking is much more challenging to electrify than small cars. Steel production represents a large source of emissions which is difficult to abate. Faced with these challenges, how can Toyota get to net-zero? What comprehensive strategies will we need? How do we work across industries? What are the most impactful things we can do today? These are questions we need to continually answer over the coming decades. 
The opportunity 
We are looking for someone who can work across the critical areas of technology, economics, policy, and society in order to help evaluate and continuously evolve Toyota’s long-term carbon neutral strategy. You will 
1) Build a team of external experts and set up programs that leverage their expertise. 
2) Direct external research on CO2 mitigation that considers technology, economics, politics, and society.
 3) Provide technical advice on potential startup investments related to energy and climate.
 4) Build and maintain relationships across different divisions of the Toyota group within the US and Japan to help drive strategies that work in different parts of the world. 
 
 The team 
We welcome you to create a new cross-functional effort that demonstrates existing strengths within TRI, primarily AMDD and MAC. The Accelerated Materials Design and Discovery (AMDD) group is accelerating the development of new materials for emissions-free mobility. The Machine Assisted Cognition (MAC) group is developing AI systems to augment (not replace) human decision-making, including decision-making around carbon-neutral strategies. In addition to working with materials science, behavioral science, and computer science professionals already within TRI, you will work to bring in the new collaborators from diverse fields needed to meet the challenge. 
 We'd love to hear from you if you: 
Have a graduate degree in energy technology & policy (or related field), Ph.D. preferred. 
Have a strong research background, including peer-reviewed publications. 
Have effective written and verbal communication skills. 
Have proven experience working on cross-disciplinary problems.
 Have strong interpersonal skills and are good teammates. 
Thrive in a culture that values diversity, collaboration, humility, and learning. 
 Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information. Toyota Research Institute 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Toyota Research Institute in Los Altos, CA Program Manager salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
