
 
 
 
 Software Developer - Salesforce L3 - Federal Way, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer - Salesforce L3 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Federal Way, WA Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Minimum 3 years experience with Salesforce Commerce Cloud B2C / Demandware 
Minimum 5 years recent experience in web development 
Minimum 3 years recent experience in Ecommerce project. 
Minimum 2 years recent experience in the Demandware platform 
Expert in developing web applications for tocus (i.e. Back-End) 
Proficient in managing the administration of the platform using Business Manager 
Current developer certification in Salesforce Commerce Cloud B2C / Demandware 
Requirements : 
Back-End focused Senior Application Engineer works more on the business logic, real-time and back office integrations, using platform technology and API to manipulate data, integrate with external services and create jobs for processing data. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Federal Way, WA Jobs at Capgemini in Federal Way, WA Software Developer salaries in Federal Way, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
