
 
 
 
 Sr. Manager, Cloud Infrastructure Finance - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manager, Cloud Infrastructure Finance Palo Alto Networks 94 reviews Santa Clara, CA Palo Alto Networks 94 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Our Mission
 At Palo Alto Networks®, everything starts and ends with our mission: 
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life. 
We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish — but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are. 
 
 Job Description 
Your Career 
Palo Alto Networks recently announced it’s Cloud and Artificial Intelligence Security segment (“ClaiSec”), which includes our Prisma Cortex, Cortex, and Security Services speedboats and is designed for continued hypergrowth. To support ClaiSec, we are building out our ClaiSec Finance organization, which includes various Finance teams that partner closely with the three ClaiSec speedboat businesses and Speedboat Finance CFOs as well as the broader Company, on a wide range of topics ranging from Go-to-Market planning, to Product Strategy, to confidential special projects. Concurrently, wearing multiple hats as part Finance P&L owners, part strategic thought-partners, and part operating ninjas for the Business, ClaiSec Finance drives both near-term and long-term impact. 
Specifically, ClaiSec Finance is growing its Cloud Infrastructure Finance team and is seeking to add a high-impact Senior Manager, Cloud Infrastructure Finance. 
Infrastructure optimization is a delicate and constant balancing act across competing interests and priorities. You must be equally adept at crafting and delivering clear and compelling analyses and recommendations to C-level executives on drivers-based 5-year cost growth projections and optimization, as much as ensuring your teams have the tools and capabilities to do rapid analysis on impacts of developing a new product feature to launching a new product via a build or build strategy. 
Working alongside a tight-knit cross-functional group with Product, Strategy, IT, and Operations, the Cloud Infrastructure Finance team manages usage, spend, and utilization for cloud infrastructure across all of PANW, with cloud infrastructure representing a key input for our ClaiSec products. We enable the speedboats to efficiently drive their business by providing state of the art tools (e.g. dashboards, analytics) and processes (benchmarking, corporate forecasting and controls) for “all things cloud”. Members of the the Cloud Infrastructure Finance team, in partnership with the cross-functional team, directly manage relationships with our Cloud Service Providers, provide detailed tracking and analysis (including working with IT to develop such tools) to ensure that compute power is most efficient and ingestion costs are minimized, and provide Executive Staff with insightful, proactive recommendations to drive both topline and bottom-line growth for ClaiSec. 
This is a solid foundation for finance leaders with opportunities for career growth and personal development. If you want to be part of a team of trustworthy advisors that is looked upon to make informed and persuasive recommendations for all Cloud Infrastructure-related decisions, apply today 
Your Impact 
Nurture deep, trusted partnerships with your respective technical teams, partnering closely with engineering and technical leaders across both ClaiSec and the Company 
Provide analytical rigor and bring strategic leadership to operational initiatives 
Evaluate tradeoffs in team planning, investment, and operational strategies 
Execute strategic and financial planning processes for your teams (e.g., Monthly Business Reviews, Forecasts, Annual Budget, and Long Range Plan) 
Drive continuous process improvement, standardization, simplification and reporting enhancements 
Develop and monitor critical success metrics, and communicate actionable insights 
Build and own scenario ad hoc models for in-depth analyses 
 
 Qualifications 
Your Experience 
Bachelor’s in Finance, Economics, or equivalent (e.g., CPA, MBA) strongly preferred. Prior management consulting, and/or investment banking experience a plus. 
7+ years of relevant experience showing career progression. Experience overseeing large cloud infrastructure budgets for technology companies and/or working with product management strongly preferred. 
Analytical problem-solver with the ability to gather, analyze and synthesize large amounts of data in order to drive effective and efficient executive decision-making. Experience in, or willingness and aptitude to quickly learn SQL a must. 
Extensive experience building integrated models from scratch with an ability to build enterprise level infrastructure plans, both near-term operational and forward conceptual 
Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally in a matrixed organizational structure 
Go-getter mindset with desire and demonstrated ability to maintain high-performance under tight timelines with a “roll-up sleeves mindset” 
Exceptional presentation/leadership skills, concise and fluent in communication 
Additional Information 
The Team 
 
You’re looking for career with a more fulfilling mission. We have open positions to top talent seeking a challenge. Our finance department performs deep analyses to understand the business and inform the strategic direction of the company. The ideal candidate has exceptional leadership skills, knowledge of financial modeling, business acumen and an innovative mindset to approach problems differently. Our innovation doesn’t stay in Research and Development. Within finance, we seek people who are looking to try new things, while solving business critical equations. If you’re seeking a challenge with a world-wide impact – this is it. 
Our Commitment 
We’re trailblazers who dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: We can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together. 
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with disabilities. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com. 
Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected 
#CT1 Palo Alto Networks Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Infrastructure Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Palo Alto Networks in Santa Clara, CA Infrastructure Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Palo Alto Networks Palo Alto Networks 94 reviews We are the global cybersecurity leader, known for always challenging the security status quo. Our mission is to protect our way of life i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
