
 
 
 
 Quality Team Representative - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Team Representative Rev.com 1,153 reviews Texas Remote Rev.com 1,153 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Position
 
Do you want to work at a high-growth company where your impact is seen and rewarded? Are you looking for the autonomy to do your best work? We are seeking a Quality Team Representative to help us monitor and improve the quality of our services to customers.
 
This role will report to the Operations Manager - Customer Success . As a member of the quality team, you will be responsible for selecting the freelancers most likely to succeed at Rev and helping provide the best customer experience possible.
 
Your duties will include digging into customer feedback, reviewing files and setting standards .
 
Responsibilities
 
Reviewing freelancer applications and accurately assessing the freelancer for the skills they need to become successful at Rev.
 When a dispute occurs in our grading system, you will evaluate and determine the correct decision.
 Audit low customer ratings, determine the source of the issue, and recommend/ implement solutions to prevent further unsatisfactory scores.
 Coach our "grader" freelancers to accurately uphold Rev standards.
 Help run pilot tests and new initiatives.
 Detect and report on trends and patterns in Rev's quality system. Monitoring and providing feedback to Graders
 Answer freelancer questions in a helpful and positive manner.
 Maintain a good knowledge of Rev's ever changing platform and style guide to best calibrate future assessment techniques.
 
Qualifications
 
Strong attention to detail and ability to identify trends. (see the forest through the trees)
 Excellent written and verbal communication to best convey often complex concepts and practices to freelancers.
 Self motivated, comfortable with working independently, in order to meet productivity expectations
 Personality conducive to working as part of a team, where you both give feedback and ask questions.
 Transcription/ Caption experience is a plus
 English/ Spanish bilingual capabilities is a plus
 
Life at Rev
 
Rev is a profitable, growth-stage startup that specializes in meeting the speech-to-text needs of hundreds of thousands of customers annually through its unmatched combination of the world's most accurate speech AI and the world's largest community of freelancers working side-by-side.
 
Rev's suite of products includes transcription, captioning, subtitling, as well as a live-captioning app for Zoom video conferencing. Rev also boasts seamless integrations with YouTube and Vimeo, as well as custom APIs for enterprise clients who need novel speech-to-text solutions.
 
Founded in 2010 by five MIT alumni, Rev has raised millions of dollars in venture capital from top Silicon Valley VCs and experienced exceptionally rapid growth, both internally and externally. Rev was recently named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies and is a destination for the world's foremost engineers and speech scientists.
 
Our promise is to create great work from home jobs, powered by AI. Our vision is to transcend all barriers of communication. Joining Rev means joining a team of smart, passionate, and friendly people with different backgrounds, shared ideas, and similar goals. Oh, and tons of perks!
 
 Get Paid:  Be competitively compensated by a well-funded startup. Enjoy full benefits, options, and a 401k.
 
 Desk Budget & Office Equipment:  Rev will provide you with a new laptop. You will also have a budget to outfit your workspace.
 
 Make a Difference:  Be measured by your impact, not your effort. Help create real jobs for real people.
 
 Work Where You Want:  For most roles, be free to stay at home, come to the office, or work from a coffee shop.
 
 Have Fun:  Plan and participate in events like field day, baseball games, ski trips and happy hours.
 
 Stretch Yourself:  Learn new skills, talk to customers, drive product improvements, or learn to design. We will push you to your limits.
 
We encourage and celebrate different perspectives regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, age, race, origin, religion, caregiver status, disability, ethnicity, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Multiple points of view fuel our innovation and connect us closer to Revvers, our customers and each other.
 
Rev is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related conditions), gender identity or expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws and ordinances. Rev.com 's management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, access to facilities and programs and general treatment during employment.
 
 
 We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. 
 
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about our Privacy Policy for California residents linked here . Rev.com 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Service Representative jobs in Texas Jobs at Rev.com in Texas Quality Service Representative salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rev.com Rev.com 1,153 reviews Rev is the largest and most popular voice-to-text service in the world with more than 170,000 customers globally. Recognized widely as th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
