
 
 
 
 Annotation Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Annotation Specialist Kitware Remote Remote Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Kitware is currently hiring an Annotations Specialist. This position is part time but there may be opportunities for full time as well so let's discuss! If you're interested in contributing your skills to a company that is working on real world problems with real world implications, look no further. 
 
 Team Description: 
As an Annotation Specialist, you will work on a team of dedicated individuals alongside our R&D Engineers and Researchers to advance the state-of-the-art in computer vision. 
 
 
In this position you will: 
Use a variety of software tools to outline objects, activities, events and other items of interest in images and video 
Use a variety of desktop and web-based tools 
Follow an agile work-flow to meet a diverse range of annotation and other technical support needs 
Review picture and video sources via specialized software to identify specific data elements and mark these elements using various internal software programs. 
Attach metadata (comments, markups, etc.) to image data in accordance with established group procedures. 
Contribute to weekly sprint meetings and attend any necessary project-related meetings to discuss definitions, workflows, or other project-specific needs. 
Collaborate with project leads to ensure that annotations meet project requirements with high-quality. 
Use an agile workflow for tracking responsibilities and task progress, including git for task/issue tracking. 
Maintain ownership of each annotation assignment, and respond to any changes in procedure and audit. 
Learn new tools and/or technologies as necessary to follow team workflow and accomplish annotation tasks. 
Work in a fast-paced environment that evolves regularly in response to changing research and customer needs. 
Perform the majority of work during Kitware’s core hours from 10:00am - 4:00pm ET, Monday-Friday at the company headquarters. 
 Required Qualifications 
Excellent attention to detail 
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and within a growing team 
Willing to learn new tools or programs as project needs evolve and workflows change 
Comfortable being proactive and asking questions or for clarification when needed. 
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) or Google Suite 
Software development skills are a plus 
Familiarity with git or distributed workflows is a plus 
Excellent customer service focus and communication skills, both oral and written; ability to effectively communicate with multiple individuals in varying levels of the organization 
Excellent organizational skills 
Ability to maintain confidential data 
Good interpersonal skills and a team player 
Due to U.S. government contractual obligations, U.S. Citizenship is required 
High school degree required, advanced degree preferred. 
 Company Description 
Kitware collaborates with customers to solve the world’s most complex scientific challenges through customized software solutions. Kitware delivers innovation by focusing on advanced technical computing, state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, and full-spectrum software solutions. Since its founding in 1998, Kitware has developed a reputation for deep customer understanding and technical expertise, honest interactions, and open innovation. We are proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. For additional information, please visit kitware.com. You can also follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
Additional information 
Kitware is proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. Our team members enjoy a small company environment, flexibility in work assignments, and high levels of independence and responsibility. Besides a great work environment, our comprehensive benefits package includes a generous compensation plan, tuition reimbursement program, flexible working hours, six weeks paid time off, 401(k), health insurance, life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, bonus plan, and free coffee, drinks and snacks. Kitware 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Kitware in Remote Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kitware Kitware Inc. is a software research and development company. Our core areas of expertise are computer vision, data and analytics, scienti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
