
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Computer Science - Little Rock, AR 72204 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Computer Science University of Arkansas at Little Rock 164 reviews Little Rock, AR 72204 University of Arkansas at Little Rock 164 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Current University of Arkansas System employees including student employees and graduate assistants need to log into Workday on My Apps. Simply enter "Find Jobs" in the Workday search bar to view open positions.
 
 
 All Job Postings will close at 12:01 a.m. CT on the specified Closing Date (if designated).  To view the job posting closing date please return to the search for jobs page.
 
 If you close the browser or exit your application prior to submitting, the application process will be saved as a draft. You will be able to access and complete the application through “My Draft Applications” located on your Candidate Home page.
 
 Type of Position:
 Faculty - Tenure/Tenure Track 
 
 Workstudy Position:
 No
 
 Job Type:
 Academic Term (Fixed Term)
 
 Work Shift: 
 
 Sponsorship Available:
 No
 
 Institution Name:
 University of Arkansas at Little Rock
 The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is a metropolitan research university that provides an accessible, quality education through flexible learning and unparalleled internship opportunities. At UA Little Rock, we prepare our more than 8,900 students to be innovators and responsible leaders in their fields. Committed to its metropolitan research university mission, UA Little Rock is a driving force in Little Rock's thriving cultural community and a major component of the city and state's growing profile as a regional leader in research, technology transfer, economic development, and job creation.
 Below you will find the details for the position including any supplementary documentation and questions you should review before applying for the opening. To apply for the position, please click the  Apply  link/button.
 If you have a disability and need assistance with the hiring process please contact Human Resources at  501-916-3180  .
 For general application assistance or if you have questions about a job posting, please contact Human Resources at  501-916-3180  . 
 
 Department:
 Computer Science 
 
 Department's Website:
 ualr.edu/computerscience
 
 Summary of Job Duties:
 The Department of Computer Science and the Emerging Analytics Center (EAC) at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock (UA Little Rock) have an extraordinary opportunity for candidates seeking a position as a tenure track assistant professor. Salary will be commensurate with the rank and candidate qualifications. This position is governed by state and federal laws as well as agency/institution policy.
 
 Qualifications:
 Required Education and/or Experience
 Candidates must have a Ph.D. in Computer Science or related discipline, evidence of strong research potential, good communication skills, and a commitment to teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
 This position will enable the accelerated development of an exemplary academic career. Responsibilities will be split ½ -time in the Department of Computer Science and ½-time in the EAC and the successful candidate will report to the Chair of the Department of Computer Science. The EAC is a world-class R&D center focused on virtual reality, augmented reality, immersive visualization, and cybersecurity (http://eac-ualr.org/). The successful candidate will serve as a Research Scientist in the EAC and assume both research and leadership responsibilities. In addition, the successful candidate will hold a tenure track position in the Department of Computer Science with appropriately adjusted teaching and service responsibilities.
 Successful candidates must have a strong commitment to high-quality research and teaching at undergraduate and graduate levels, as well as service.
 Job Duties and Responsibilities
 Develop curriculum and new modes of instruction;
 Teach effectively in classroom and lab settings;
 Establish and sustain independent
 
research;
 Produce scholarly publications in leading scientific journals;
 Present at major conferences;
 
Work with major funding agencies;
 Secure external funding;
 Supervise undergraduate and graduate students;
 Participate in and contribute to major professional societies;
 Participate in shared faculty governance and departmental committees;
 Contribute through research, teaching, and service to the diversity and excellence of the learning experience in order to train the next generation of computer scientists;
 Perform other duties as needed in the department, college, and university.
 Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
 Applicants must have experience and expertise in one or more of the following areas:
 Virtual reality: virtual and augmented reality application design, and development, human-computer interaction, collaborative and immersive systems;
 Game and Mobile Application Development: computer graphics; mobile applications, multi-player, and cloud-based game design and development; 3-D modeling and animation;
 Cybersecurity: cloud security; network security; data security; mobile security;
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: image processing; computer vision; machine learning; application of neural networks;
 HCI: human behavior recognition, novel interaction paradigms, usability testing, data visualization.
 Required Documents
 Curriculum Vitae
 Cover Letter/Letter of Application
 List of Three (3) References 
 
 Salary Information:
 Commensurate with education and experience 
 
 Required Documents to Apply:
 Cover Letter/Letter of Application, Curriculum Vitae, List of three Professional References (name, email, business title) 
 
 Optional Documents: 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 Recruitment Contact Information:
 Albert L. Baker, Interim Chair, abaker@ualr.edu 
 
 All application materials must be uploaded to the University of Arkansas System Career Site  https://uasys.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/UASYS
 Please do not send to listed recruitment contact. 
 
 Pre-employment Screening Requirements:
 The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is committed to providing a safe campus community. We conduct background checks for applicants being considered for employment. Background checks include a criminal background check and a sex offender registry check. For certain positions, there may also be a financial (credit) background check, a Motor Vehicle Registry ( MVR ) check, and/or drug screening. Required checks are identified in the position listing. A criminal conviction or arrest pending adjudication or adverse financial history information alone shall not disqualify an applicant in the absence of a relationship to the requirements of the position. Background check information will be used in a confidential, non-discriminatory manner consistent with state and federal law.
 The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse workforce.
 The University of Arkansas at Little Rock is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer and actively seeks the candidacy of minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities. Under Arkansas law, all applications are subject to disclosure. Persons hired must have proof of legal authority to work in the United States.
 Constant Physical Activity:
 Hearing, Manipulate items with fingers, including keyboarding, Repetitive Motion, Talking
 
 Frequent Physical Activity:
 Feeling, Hearing, Manipulate items with fingers, including keyboarding, Repetitive Motion, Sitting, Standing, Talking
 
 Occasional Physical Activity:
 Climbing, Pulling, Pushing
 
 Benefits Eligible:
 Yes University of Arkansas 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Little Rock, AR Assistant Professor salaries in Little Rock, AR Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Arkansas at Little Rock 164 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
