
 
 
 
 ETL Developer - Rosslyn, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ETL Developer Deloitte 10,102 reviews Rosslyn, VA 22209 Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.
 Work you'll do
 Responsible for supporting ODI development. Responsibilities include program design, coding, testing, debugging and documentation. Experience preferred in analyzing source system data to assess data quality, working directly with technical and business representatives, participating in meetings with key system owners to understand the current data landscape and systems environment, and supporting the monitoring and maintenance of the system environment. Responsibilities also include working with the functional team and other teams to understand the business process, functional design, and source data.
 Required Skills
 Familiarity with enterprise ETL tools such as ODI
 Experience implementing data warehousing solutions in an Oracle 11g/12c/19c environment
 Strong SQL and/or PL/SQL skills
 Experience with the software development lifecycle and process tools such as HPQC or other defect management tools
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills (i.e., ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, raises risks and issues in a proactive manner)
 Strong interpersonal and team working skills
 Excellent problem solving skills and strong attention to detail
 Ability to work effectively in a rapidly changing, team-based environment
 Excellent communication and collaboration skills with business and technical stakeholders
 Excellent technical documentation writing skills
 Well versed in testing best practices and execution
 Preferred Skills:
 Experience optimizing ETL routines and environments
 Experience administering and maintaining ETL environments
 Experience developing BI solutions using leading BI tools such as OBIEE
 Understanding of Oracle BI Apps (Financials, Procurement, Inventory, Sales)
 The team
 Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 The GPS Analytics and Cognitive (A&C) offering is responsible for developing advanced analytics products and applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data in order to advance and enable the key mission outcomes for our clients. Our team supports all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL, and from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. Our practitioners give special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights.
 Qualifications
 Required: 
 
 Bachelor's degree required
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
 Preferred: Oracle Data Integrator (ODI), Data warehousing, Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE), WebLogic, Oracle Analytics Server (OAS)
 How you'll grow
 At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Deloitte 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job ETL Developer jobs in Rosslyn, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Rosslyn, VA ETL Developer salaries in Rosslyn, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
