
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate Professor of Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence - Brookville, NY 11548 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate Professor of Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence Long Island University 298 reviews Brookville, NY 11548 Long Island University 298 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description The Department of Innovation and Entrepreneurship at the College of Management of Long Island University Post Campus (LIU Post) invites applications for a full-time tenure-track faculty position at the Assistant or Associate Professor level in the Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence areas beginning Fall 2021. This position requires a teaching load of nine credits per fall/spring semester with a three-credit reduction to support research and tenure application for two semesters. Additional job responsibilities include research such as publishing peer-reviewed articles and applying for external funding and service such as student advising, recruiting, and mentoring as well as participation in faculty-led college and university committees. The candidate must hold, or be close to completing, a Ph.D. from an accredited (e.g., AACSB or ABET) institution in data science, data analytics, information systems, information technology, computer science, computer engineering, statistics, or a related quantitative or technical field. 
 Our search targets candidates who have the capability to effectively teach graduate and undergraduate courses in data analytics and artificial intelligence, especially in the following three areas: (1) supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement machine learning and deep learning of neural networks with Python, (2) big data analytics with SQL and noSQL databases using Hadoop or other open source platforms, and (3) cloud-based data analytics using AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure or other cloud computing platforms. Experience related to any of these topics in industry or government is a plus. A successful candidate should also show evidence (for Associate Professor) or potential (for Assistant Professor) of performing high-impact scholarly activities in the aforementioned areas by publishing in peer-reviewed journals, applying for external grants, for example, from the National Science Foundation (NSF), and conducting industry-sponsored projects. 
 The Department of Innovation and Entrepreneurship within the AACSB-accredited College of Management of LIU Post is composed of faculty in artificial intelligence, computer science, data analytics, entrepreneurship, fashion merchandising, and sports management. Among all degree programs in the six disciplines, the department offers STEM-designated BS and MS in both Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence. The enrollment of the MS Data Analytics has quadrupled since its inception. Students in the 2019 cohort were selected to participate in the NSF-sponsored applied data analytics training program, and graduated with job offers from organizations in the sectors of finance, healthcare, public service, transportation, etc. In conjunction with international partners, planning is underway for novel academic and research linkages with LIU’s Digital Health and Engineering Initiative. The targeted collaborative research linkages will place LIU at the forefront of artificial intelligence, machine learning, personalized medicine, and cybersecurity. 
 The  Princeton Review  has named the College of Management as a “Best Business School” for the 15th consecutive year, recognizing its successful tradition of educating top business leaders. LIU, founded in 1926, continues to redefine higher education, providing high quality academic instruction by world-class faculty. For the fourth consecutive year, LIU has been ranked on  U.S. News and World Report  ’s list of Best Colleges, with a rising ranking among National Universities for 2021. LIU earned additional recognition as a top national performer in social mobility. Recognized by  Forbes  for its emphasis on experiential learning and by the Brookings Institution for its “value added” to student outcomes, LIU offers over 250 degree programs, with a network of 270,000 alumni that includes industry leaders and entrepreneurs across the globe. LIU faculty achieved numerous successes, including prestigious awards from organizations like the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health, the United States Department of Agriculture and the Research Council of Norway, among others.
 For questions regarding this position, please contact Dr. Ling Zhu, Founding Director of Data Analytics Programs and Chair of Department of Innovation and Entrepreneurship at ling.zhu@liu.edu
 LIU is an equal opportunity employer. LIU is committed to extending equal opportunity in employment to all qualified candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of our academic community. LIU encourages applications from all qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender and/or gender identity or expression, marital or parental status, national origin, ethnicity, citizenship status, veteran or military status, age, disability or any other basis protected by applicable local, state or federal laws  .  Hiring is contingent on eligibility to work in the United States. Long Island University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Brookville, NY Jobs at Long Island University in Brookville, NY Associate Professor salaries in Brookville, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Long Island University Long Island University 298 reviews Long Island University (LIU) is a private, coeducational, nonsectarian institution of higher education with locations and programs spanni... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
