
 
 
 
 Computer Scientist - Lanham-Seabrook, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Scientist US Internal Revenue Service 4,391 reviews Lanham-Seabrook, MD US Internal Revenue Service 4,391 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $108,885 - $159,286 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 Click on "" button below to view  Eligibilities  being considered and other  IMPORTANT  information. 
 
 WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS?  Visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov 
 Responsibilities 
 WHAT IS THE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (IT)  DIVISION? 
A description of the business units can be found at: https://www.jobs.irs.gov/about/who/business-divisions 
 
The following are the duties of this position at the full working level. If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform these duties and will receive training to help you grow in this position.
 
 As a computer scientist, the employee advises on highly complex issues, studies, research and analysis projects. Work pertains to the security research, acquisition, design, development, and maintenance of new or substantially improved information systems. Assignments include:
 Provides professional/technical leadership and direction in the conceptual design, formulation and development of major prototype and developmental systems or in making extensive modifications and upgrades to existing systems, taking into account changing requirements and interfaces, advances in technology, and evolving standards.
 Conducts research into areas of great importance, significance, and difficulty, such as artificial intelligence including the application of computers to solve problems and to understand the principles of human intelligence.
 Represents and speaks on behalf of MITS and IRS at professional meetings and conferences. Consults with senior level staff in IRS and other IT specialists on IT policies, issues, and problems, etc.
 Functions as a recognized program expert and technical/professional expert and is sought after by outside authorities for consultation, advice and guidance in assigned area. 
 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 14
 Job family (Series) 
 1550 Computer Science
 Similar jobs 
 Computer And Information Research Scientists
 Computer Research Scientists
 Information Research Scientists
 Scientists, Computer Research
 Scientists, Information Research
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies. This is a non-bargainingunit position. 
- Tour of Duty: Mon - Fri 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM 
 Must meet IRS telework eligibility requirements Alternative work schedule, staggered work hours or telework may be available. 
- If you are in a telework eligible position, you may be directed to temporarily telework on a full-time basis due to COVID 19. Employees must be within a 150-mile radius of their official assigned post-of-duty (POD) while in a telework status. Once normal operations resume, employees may be directed back to the office to perform the duties of their position. Telework eligibility does not guarantee telework; employees must meet and sustain IRS telework eligibility requirements and supervisor's approval to participate in the IRS Telework Program. As a reminder - If you are selected for a position, you are responsible for reporting to your designated POD (location) on the negotiated start date or as directed by management. 
 Must be a U.S. Citizen or National. Subject to a 1-year probationary period (unless already completed). Must successfully complete a background investigation, including an FBI criminal history record check (fingerprint check). Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that will require two forms of identification from the Form I-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S. Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency. If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so. Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer. Undergo an income tax verification. File a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report within 30 days of selection and annually from then on. Relocation expenses: not authorized Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel. 
 Qualifications 
 You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement:
 
 
 BASIC REQUIREMENT :
 
You must have a Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. Applicants should have sufficient knowledge to understand the fundamental concepts and techniques of computer science. Courses designed to provide an introduction to computer science techniques and methodologies, to problems of system design, and to other specialized fields are acceptable. Courses or experience in teaching elementary, business, or shop mathematics are not acceptable. 
 
In addition to meeting the basic requirement above, to qualify for this position you must also meet the qualification requirements listed below:
 
 
 SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:   GS-14 LEVEL:  You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes:
 Experience that demonstrates professional competence in applying the theoretical foundations of computer science, including computer system architecture and system software organization, the representation and transformation of information structures, and the theoretical models for such representation and transformations. 
 Specialized knowledge of the design characteristics, limitations, and potential applications of systems having the ability to transform information, and of broad areas of applications of computing which have common structures, processes, and techniques; and Knowledge of relevant mathematical and statistical sciences. 
 You must have experience in Infrastructure Engineering and Design, Engineering solution and implementation and system capacity analysis. Qualifying experience would include: working complex assignments in research, acquisition, design, development and maintenance of information systems, and leading projects to design, acquire, and implement major prototype and developmental systems or make extensive modifications and upgrades to existing systems, taking into account changing requirements and interfaces, advances in technology, and evolving standards. 
 
 AND 
 MEET TIME IN GRADE (TIG) REQUIREMENT:  For positions above the GS-05, applicants must meet applicable time-in-grade requirements to be considered eligible. One year (52 weeks) at the next lower grade level is required to meet the time-in-grade requirements for the grade you are applying for. 
 
 Federal experience is not required. The experience may have been gained in the public sector, private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-timework is considered on a prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume. 
 
For more information on qualifications please refer to   OPM's Qualifications Standards . 
 Education 
 EDUCATION DOCUMENTATION 
For positions with an education requirement, or if you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. 
 
A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to Department of Education Accreditation page. 
 
If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Refer to the OPM instructions. 
 Additional information 
 Seven (7) positions are located in Enterprise Services, Information Technology (IT). The positions will be filled in the following locations; Lanham-Seabrook, MD, Austin, TX, Dallas, TX, Detroit, MI, Memphis, TN, and Raleigh, NC. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Your application includes your resume, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your resume may result in a "not qualified" determination. 
 
 Rating:  Your application will be evaluated on the competencies of the position to be filled per the IRS Merit Promotion Plan in the following areas: Computer Science, Leadership, Oral Communication/Speaking, Planning and Evaluating, Problem Solving, Reasoning, Technology Application, and Writing 
 
Your application will also be rated and ranked among others, based on your responses to the online questions, regarding your experience, education, training, performance appraisals and awards relevant to the duties of this position. IRS employees may obtain most recent awards listing at https://persinfo.web.irs.gov/ 
 
Your rating may be lowered, if your responses to the online questions are not supported by the education and/or experience described in your application. 
 
 Referral:  You will be assigned to one of three quality groups. Each group represents a quality level (i.e., Superior/Best Qualified, Highly Qualified, Qualified). Candidates will be considered in quality group order. If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. 
 
You may be required to participate in a selection interview (telephonic and/or in person at the discretion of the Selecting Official in accordance with hiring polices). We  will not  reimburse costs related to the interview such as travel to and from the interview site.
 
If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee (eligible for the  Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)/Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) , you must receive a score of  Highly Qualified or  better to be rated as well qualified" to receive special selection priority. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Moderate Risk (MR)
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required and must be provided with your application for this Public Notice: 
 Resume  - For qualification determinations your resume (uploaded or created in USAJOBS) must contain hours worked per week and dates of employment (i.e., month/year to month/year or month/year to present). If your resume does not contain this information, your application may be marked as insufficient and you will not receive consideration for this position. If you are a current Federal employee or previous Federal employee, provide your pay plan, series and grade, i.e. GS-0301-09. Do  NOT  include photographs (or links to social media such as  LinkedIn ), inappropriate material, inappropriate content, nor personal information such as age, gender, religion, social security number, etc., on your resume. (Cover letters are optional.) Please view Resume Tips. 
 Online Application  - Questionnaire 
 Proof of Enrollment or Education  - For positions with an education requirement, or if you are qualifying for this position by substituting education or training for experience, submit a copy of your transcripts or equivalent. An official transcript will be required if you are selected. A college or university degree generally must be from an accredited (or pre-accredited) college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. For a list of schools which meet these criteria, please refer to Department of Education Accreditation. If you are qualifying based on foreign education, you must submit proof of creditability of education as evaluated by a credentialing agency. Click here for Foreign Education Credentialing instructions. 
 Registration/License (IF APPLICABLE)  - active, current registration/license 
 Veterans' Preference (IF APPLICABLE)  - If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit a copy of your DD-214 (Member 4 copy), or other official documentation from a branch of the Armed Forces or the Department of Veterans Affairs showing dates of service and type of discharge. Ten-point preference eligibles must also submit an Application for 10-point Veteran Preference, SF-15, along with the required documentation listed on the back of the SF-15 form. For more information on veterans' preference view FedsHireVets. 
 Military Spouses -  You MUST submit verification of the marriage to the service member(i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation verifying marriage)  AND  (1) a copy of your spouse's active military orders;  OR  (2) verification of your spouse's 100% service-connected disability (e.g., VA Letter and/or DD-214);  OR  (3) verification of the service member's death while on active duty (DD-1300/Death Certificate). You are not eligible if you were not married to the veteran at the time of death or have since remarried. 
 Current and Former Federal Employees Documentation -  You MUST submit a copy of your most recent SF-50 (Notification of Personnel Action) or equivalent personnel action form which shows your current grade and competitive service status. (The "position occupied" block on the SF-50 should show a "1" and your "tenure" block should be a "1" or "2".) It is recommended to also provide an additional SF-50(s) (or equivalent), if you are applying for a higher grade which clearly demonstrates you meet the 52-week time-in-grade requirement (e.g., Promotion with an effective date more than one (1) year old, Within-Grade-Increase at the highest grade held). 
 Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP) (IF APPLICABLE) -  IRS CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs within and outside the commuting area. Treasury CTAP eligibles can apply for jobs within the commuting area. Find required documentation at: Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP). 
 Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) (IF APPLICABLE) -  If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee, click CTAP/ICTAP for eligibility and a detailed list of required documents. 
 Submission of any required documents. Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you will not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible). 
 
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Internal to an agency
 Current federal employees of this agency.
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 Military spouses
 Veterans
 Federal employees - Competitive service
 Current or former competitive service federal employees.
 Land & base management
 Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency. usajobs.gov 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Lanham-Seabrook, MD Jobs at US Internal Revenue Service in Lanham-Seabrook, MD Computer Scientist salaries in Lanham-Seabrook, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Internal Revenue Service US Internal Revenue Service 4,391 reviews WASHINGTON - The Internal Revenue Service today released new withholding tables that will result in more take-home pay this spring for mi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
