
 
 
 
 Facilities & EHS Manager - Cypress, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Facilities & EHS Manager iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Cypress, CA iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About iRhythm: 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 2 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answers.
 
 About this role: 
iRhythm is currently seeking an experience, motivated Facilities & EHS Manager in our Cypress Office. The mission of the Facilities & EHS Manager is to ensure a positive and safe workplace experience every day. This means striking a fine balance between the optimal and the exceptional in the way our workspace is organized and used. This individual overcomes the "behind the scenes" challenges ensuring a seamless process for our employees and visitors. Our work environment is fast-paced, with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience.
 
 Specific job responsibilities: 
Facilities Management
 
Ensuring that our office environments are comfortable, effective, and productive as possible, meeting the needs of our internal customers and employees
 
Delivering innovative workplace hospitality services and operations for the local office including meeting & event services partnering with event planning, food service, mailroom, A.V. support, custodial, corporate receptionist, shipping, receiving and supplies management
 
Establishing effective processes to monitor, inspect, and maintain all buildings and equipment to ensure efficient operation of utility systems (mechanical, electrical, structural, and plumbing, etc.)
 
Serving as liaison to senior management and regulatory agencies, (i.e. OSHA) on all facility matters
 
Championing day-to-day building operations to ensure service reliability and work environment standards are achieved, including participating in buildouts, relocations, decommissioning, furniture solutions, and maintenance activities
 
Taking direct ownership of office operations to ensure a first-class office experience, including preparation for new hires, safety and security, food and beverage services, and janitorial services
 
Partnering with the building management and landlords coordinating cleaning and maintenance services
 
Maintaining effective relationships with vendors to ensure that quality pricing and work is complete on time and budget.
 
Ensuring compliance with legal requirements, building rules and applicable ordinances
 
EHS Management
 
Lead the development of EHS strategy to improve safety performance, reduce accident/injury/illness incident rates and control workers' compensation costs
 
Assist management in development and reporting of EHS performance metrics to facilitate continuous, ongoing improvement of the EHS efforts and results
 
Develop strong working relationships with Quality Manager and other key Managers to ensure cooperation & support with EHS matters
 
Manage collection of key performance indicator metrics and perform analysis to drive EHS strategy and practical process improvement.
 
Conduct routine, scheduled facility inspections and audits to monitor and detect potential safety, health, and environmental hazards. Ensure PPE compliance among employees recommend corrective action or preventative measures where indicated and appropriate. Process reports, documents findings and actions taken.
 
Assist with performing root cause analysis of all EHS incidents and assist in case management of reported injuries.
 
Ensures the company remains compliant with all OSHA and other safety related regulations as well as insurance carrier requirements.
 
Develops, implements, and conducts regular safety and training meetings
 
 About you: 
You are an experienced Facilities & EHS Management professional with 10+ years' experience in facilities management, construction and building operations. The ideal candidate will leverage their critical thinking and influencing skills to plan and execute projects meaningfully, while improving the facility and employee experience. You must be able to work in a collaborative, fast-moving, and ambiguous environment while being an effective communicator and influence cross-functional teams.
 
Bachelor's Degree in Facilities Management, Environmental Science, Sustainability OR equivalent work experience preferred .
 
Certified Safety Professional – CSP and or OSHA Certifications required
 
Solid knowledge of property and facility management, leases / contract review and construction terms and practices
 
Broad purchasing and contracting experience
 
Expertise in the creation, negotiation, and administration of contracts
 
Ability to oversee and implement strong internal processes that drive effectiveness across organization
 
Ability to lead and manage key stakeholder relationships
 
Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively at any level and present financial and contract recommendations at the executive level
 
Exceptional organizational and analytical skills, and a proven ability to drive complex projects with aggressive schedules with minimal oversight
 
Knowledge of OSHA rules, regulations and compliance concerning the workplace
 
EHS experience within similar manufacturing environment
 
Flexibility to respond and react to any facility emergencies on a 24/7 basis, along with having flexible with work hours to support all operations and shifts
 
Ability to travel 20%
 
What's in it for you?
 
This is a full-time position with a competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO!
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more!
 
 FLSA Status :  Exempt
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Make iRhythm your path forward.
 
#LI-CB1 iRhythm Technologies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Environmental Health and Safety Officer jobs in Cypress, CA Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in Cypress, CA Environmental Health and Safety Officer salaries in Cypress, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
