
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Researcher - Arlington, VA 22203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Researcher Gryphon Technologies 73 reviews Arlington, VA 22203 Gryphon Technologies 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview:
 
Gryphon Technologies is a premier engineering and technical services provider supporting National Security programs. Gryphon is the federal Government’s partner working in support of mission critical systems in every phase of their lifecycle. We are proud of our ability to help shape tomorrow, while ensuring today’s U.S. and coalition forces can carry out their critical missions and tasks. 
Gryphon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. 
Responsibilities:
 
Artificial Intelligence Researcher 
We provide Scientific, Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA) support to Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) in Arlington, VA. For sixty years, DARPA has held to a singular and enduring mission: to make pivotal investments in breakthrough technologies for national security. 
Duties will include but are not limited to the following: 
Perform technology and research management of programs involving basic and applied artificial intelligence (AI) research and its wide applications, including machine learning, adversarial machine learning, human-machine collaboration, and deep learning; 
Provide significant contributions across a range of technical areas by identifying, analyzing, and developing novel technologies and methodologies for current and new program development; 
Provide in-depth expertise in the assessments of proposals to determine the technical merit of objectives and methodologies; 
Develop test plans for assessment of program performers' systems; 
Coordinate with program performers throughout the testing of programs to assess performance against program metrics; 
Provide a resource and means of information support for proposals to determine the technical merit of proposal objectives and methodologies; 
Use information analysis expertise to identify, develop, and support methodologies for current and new program development; 
Work will be performed onsite at DARPA in Arlington, VA; 
Travel may be required up to 10% of the time. 
Qualifications:
 
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: 
This position requires a Secret security clearance at minimum; 
Experience with building and researching neural networks; 
Experience with Bayesian networks, classifiers, causal models, cognitive computing, human-machine interaction, symbolic logic, deep learning, Markov processes, neural networks, deep neural networks, probabilistic models, probabilistic methods, and/or explanatory models. 
DESIRED EXPERIENCE: 
B.S. degree or higher, in computer science, engineering, information, or mathematics related field desired. 
One must have strong written communication, interpersonal, problem-solving, analytical, mathematical, and organizational skills. Ability to follow directions is a must. Applicants must be able to work well alone and as part of a team. U.S. Citizenship and security clearance required. Gryphon Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Gryphon Technologies in Arlington, VA Researcher salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Gryphon Technologies Gryphon Technologies 73 reviews Gryphon Technologies is a premier engineering and technical services provider supporting National Security programs. Gryphon is the feder... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
