
 
 
 
 Performance Improvement Consultant - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Performance Improvement Consultant Qventus Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Contract Full Job Description The Company 
Qventus   provides a real-time decision-making platform for hospital operations. Our mission is to simplify how healthcare operates, so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on delivering the best possible care to patients. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create products and solutions that help nurses, doctors, and hospital staff anticipate issues and make operational decisions proactively. We work with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. 
 
Qventus works with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. The company was recognized by the 2019 Black Book Awards in healthcare for patient flow and by CB Insights as a 2019 top 100 Most Promising Company in Artificial Intelligence. Recently, Qventus won the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Emergency Response for the Healthcare System Innovation Challenge through its work helping health systems across the country plan for and operate in the COVID pandemic. 
The Role 
Qventus is looking for an energetic, personable and quick-learning healthcare professional to join our clinical operations team and work with hospital clients to evaluate and improve underlying workflows and care processes to drive outcomes by leveraging the Qventus platform. The role requires someone who is quick and eager to learn, passionate about making healthcare operations more efficient, and well-versed with hospital process improvement. The ideal candidate will have: 
The  Performance Improvement Consultant  will develop strong relationships with key clinical / operations leadership and end users in our client hospitals including hospital Improvement/Lean teams - understand their operating environment and workflow needs, and lead clients to adopt effective processes to help improve patient flow and throughput, improve coordination with ancillary services and inpatient units and drive desired outcomes. This person will support onsite teams with collecting, interpreting, and analyzing client data and process flows. They will support related clinical and operations performance improvement by functioning as a facilitator, consultant, and/or project manager as required. 
The person will ensure that the process followed and its resultant outcomes will be of high quality and that appropriate change management principles are leveraged effectively as part of the deployment. In collaboration with onsite teams and Clinical Consultants, the position will define client current state processes and workflows as an output of Assessment; own Inputs and Outputs of Configuration and Standard Work (including but not limited to the following: client facing presentations, validated future state workflows, Lessons Learned). 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
A bachelor's degree in a healthcare field or industrial engineering; Master's degree in a related field preferred. 5 years experience in healthcare data systems, analysis, management, and related healthcare consulting; experience supporting customer groups through data analysis and graphical presentation. Lean Six Sigma certification or certificate of completion preferred; Project Management and Change Management experience (ProSci preferred). 
Strong analytical and written skills, including the creation and delivery of executive-level presentations. 
A track record of helping clinical teams with Process Improvement, Change Management and standard work redesign. 
Experience in understanding process requirements, inter-departmental information flows and the ability to create and edit internal and client deliverables that are succinct and articulate and meet Qventus standards of quality. 
Strong interpersonal, communication (verbal + written), Project Management and customer service skills with the political savvy to engage with client leadership. 
Support long- and short-term project plans, including targets for milestones, adhering to deadlines and resource allocation. 
Basic technical understanding of EMR data - including relational databases and object-oriented programming - with a desire to expand his/her technical knowledge. 
Flexible learning mind-set to fully understand and integrate Qventus solutions with a high level of critical thinking and the ability to navigate ambiguous and dynamic circumstances and environments. 
 Additional candidates attributes that are highly desired: 
Ready and eager to pick up new skills as needed 
Creative problem-solver, willing to be a trailblazer 
Ready to ‘step outside’ his/her role to help teammates 
Highly dependable and detail oriented 
An excellent listener 
Demonstrated fit with Qventus culture and alignment with our core values of - plan, do, learn, improve; help others succeed; simplicity; accountability and ownership; customer empathy; total honesty delivered respectfully. 
 Qventus is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice which can be found here: https://qventus.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/ Qventus 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Performer jobs in Remote Jobs at Qventus in Remote Performer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Qventus Qventus' mission is to simplify how healthcare operates so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on providing the best possible care to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
