
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Omniverse - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer - Omniverse NVIDIA 237 reviews California Remote NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is a worldwide technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. Our work in visual computing - the art and science of computer graphics - has led to thousands of patented inventions, breakthrough technologies, deep industry relationships and a globally recognized brand. NVIDIA’s Simulation Technology division builds industry leading technology for high-end virtual experiences including Omniverse. We are looking for team members for the further development of high performance computer graphics.
 What you'll be doing:
 Designing, developing, optimizing and documenting features of our internal framework and compute graph project.
 Ensuring a high level of architectural quality, performance in the developed code and features Debugging and fixing deficiencies.
 Support members of other teams / clients as they adopt the technology developed.
 Support the technology on multiple hardware platforms.
 Ensuring a high level of cooperation and collaboration with peers and managers.
 What we need to see:
 Deep knowledge of compute graphs, especially as they apply to media / entertainment / real time settings
 Extensive experience working in large scale code bases / projects
 Strong C++ and Python skills
 Sense of software architecture
 Validated ability to optimize code / data for performance
 Phenomenal team player and collaborator
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Bonus skills:- GPU experience
 Strong knowledge of real time systems such as games
 Experience with USD
 Understanding of ML techniques
 Knowledge and experience working with game engines like UE4
 Languages / compilers experience
 BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
 10+ years of proven experience
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our special engineering teams are growing fast. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a genuine passion for technology, we want to hear from you. Artificial intelligence, the dream of computer scientists for over half a century, is no longer science fiction. And in the next few years, it will transform every industry.
 Soon, self-driving cars will reduce congestion and improve road safety. AI travel agents will know your preferences and arrange every detail of your family vacation. And medical instruments will read and understand patient DNA to detect and treat early signs of cancer. Where engines made us stronger and powered the first industrial revolution, AI will make us smarter and power the next. What will make this intelligent industrial revolution possible? A new computing model — GPU deep learning — that enables computers to learn from data and write software that is too complex for people to code.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in California Jobs at NVIDIA in California Senior Software Engineer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
