
 
 
 
 VP - Revenue Management - Newtown Square, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP - Revenue Management AMResorts 40 reviews Newtown Square, PA AMResorts 40 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Work to turn vacation dreams into life-long memories by becoming a part of the Apple Leisure Group (ALG) team! We strive to be the first choice in vacation travel, enriching lives and uniting the world. 
 
Grow your career as the  VP of Revenue Management  within AMResorts, which manages industry acclaimed luxury resort brands like Zoëtry®, Secrets®, Breathless®, Dreams®, among others.  The VP of Revenue Management , will partner with the destination commercial team to drive strategic and tactical optimization strategies, where the destination based Cluster Revenue Managers are imbedded with the resorts. The role is supported as well by a team of RM professionals out of our corporate offices in Newtown Square, PA or Cancun, Mexico. 
 
The VP of Revenue Management  will execute that through the deployment of modern and progressive yield management approaches and tools— including EzRMS (AMR’s RM Decision Support System), as well as strive to continuously improve all of AMRs RM models and tools, such as competitive rate shopping. Additionally the VP RM will be take charge of driving revenue growth for non-package opportunities (e.g., insurance, upsells) by partnering with these functional area leads and driving pricing and revenue management strategies to drive revenue and profit growth. 
 
The VP of Revenue Management  is expected to be/become an industry thought leader for the All-Inclusive hotel industry and stay abreast of RM advance within the industry, including leading edge technologies such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, blockchain, to name a few. Furthermore, this role is expected to partner with other ALG leaders, both within and outside of AMR to further our strategic objectives, such as driving Direct growth, UVC growth, and strong brand identities. Within AMR, the VP RM will oversee coordination with marketing, sales, planning, operating divisions, finance and other company departments required to accomplish the department’s functional responsibilities. 
 
Requirements: 
 
 Global Revenue Management experience 
 Prior experience in the leadership and management of global revenue management professionals 
 
 Expertise with revenue management information systems/information systems literacy (Ez RMS knowledge preferred but not required) 
 
 A strong affinity for optimizing systems in day-to-day use 
 
 Transformational change experience 
 
 Experience developing new strategies, establishing vision and leading business change across people, systems and processes to centralize the revenue management function and realign the regional teams which support it 
 
 About Apple Leisure Group 
 
As North America’s only vertically-integrated travel, hospitality and leisure management group, Apple Leisure Group is an industry innovator that combines the expertise of 14 leading brands. Our unique niche allows us the special opportunity to oversee every aspect of the travel experience, from the moment a guest books a trip to the time they return home. ALG consistently delivers exceptional value to travelers and strong performance to resort owners and partners by strategically leveraging the power of its portfolio of brands across five segments, comprising: 
 
 Vacations : The largest seller of vacation packages and charter flights in the U.S. for travel to Mexico and the Caribbean, moving approximately 3.2 million passengers annually through well-established vacation brands 
 Resort Brand Management : management of 5-star and 4-star luxury resorts through AMResorts® award-winning brand portfolio 
 Destination Management Services : Best-in-class destination management services provided by Amstar® DMC and Worldstar® 
 Loyalty Program : Exclusive loyalty program Unlimited Vacation Club® 
 Technology Solutions : Innovative technology solutions provider Trisept Solutions®, connecting over 88,000 travel agents with leading travel suppliers. 
 
 To learn more about the Apple Leisure Group advantage, visit appleleisuregroup.com. 
 
About AMResorts 
 
AMResorts is North America’s fastest growing luxury leisure resort company. Founded in 2001, AMResorts has reached a decade of unparalleled success providing sales, marketing and brand management services by offering to the luxury leisure market high quality Endless Privileges, Unlimited-Luxury and Unlimited-Fun vacations, where everything is included. 
 
Our Values 
 
At ALG, we call our employees Team Members, because we are more than just employees. We are united as a team, working toward a common mission and vision. Together, we are committed to live the core values by which we operate: 
 
 We Care • We Are Authentic • We Inspire Action • We Do It Together • We Own our Results 
 
 We Are Hungry For More • We do Everything With Passion 
 
Benefits at a Glance 
 
We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefit package to our U.S. based employees: 
 
 Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance 
 Basic Life Insurance 
 Short & Long Term Disability 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Corporate Wellness Program 
 Travel Discounts & Deals 
 Paid Time Off & Holidays 
 401(k) Plan with Company Match 
 
 We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks. AMResorts 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Newtown Square, PA Jobs at AMResorts in Newtown Square, PA Vice President salaries in Newtown Square, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AMResorts AMResorts 40 reviews AMResorts is a hotel and brand management company operating 36 all-inclusive beachfront resorts in Mexico, the Dominican Republic, Jamaic... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
