
 
 
 
 Programmer Writer - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Programmer Writer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Bellevue, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree in writing or relevant experience. 
 At least three years of experience writing for a developer audience— API References, product documentation, project readme files, or any other content that teaches technical concepts to developers. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
 
Are you passionate about Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Do you want to be at the bleeding edge of innovation in AI? Do you believe in the scaled impact a platform can have? If that is you, then we should talk.
 
Alexa’s Secure AI Foundations (SAIF) Platform is the platform that thousands of Alexa Scientists, Modelers, Engineers, and Researchers use to invent new technology that powers Alexa - one of the most advanced customer obsessed AI systems in production around the world.
 We're looking for a Programmer Writer who will combine their expert technical writing skills along with their knowledge of coding and scripting, to help design and maintain detailed technical documentation that supports Amazon's global developer population.
 
As one of the founding members of this small and growing team, you'll have the flexibility to think big and define new approaches for our new Docs Like Code implementation. You'll also be a part of the product planning process to also help champion a great developer experience.
 
The ideal candidate is an expert technical communicator with proven experience writing and publishing high-quality documentation, code, and automation scripts for deeply technical audiences.
 You’ll work with our internal teams to create documentation, code samples, and other types of content for internal teams. You’ll gather feedback and develop ways to make our content more discoverable and enable our customers to be as effective and efficient as possible. You’ll help develop content strategy and set priorities. We are growing quickly so there is an endless range of new opportunities for you if you are excited to experiment, learn, and innovate.
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Design and maintain in-house documentation that focuses on developer scenarios, use cases, and tasks 
 Help define processes and policies for enabling community contributions within a Docs Like Code framework 
 Write or adapt small units of code and short automation scripts to support documentation 
 Track and prioritize feedback and improvements to documentation 
 Reconcile conflicting documentation priorities and deadlines with stakeholders 
 Communicate ongoing documentation progress with stakeholders 
 
Experience planning and delivering content projects.
 Experience working closely with software development teams.
 Experience working with agile project management methodologies.
 Experience working with markdown and Docs Like Code systems.
 Experience working with Git or a similar distributed version control systems.
 Experience working with a programming language, such as Java, Python, C#, PHP, Ruby, etc.
 General awesomeness in software engineering and life
 Bonus points:  Familiarity with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning Amazon.com 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Writer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Bellevue, WA Writer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
