
 
 
 
 VP of Channels - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP of Channels Nauto United States Remote Nauto® is the only real-time AI-powered Driver Behavior Learning Platform able to help predict, prevent, in real-time and reduce high-risk events in the mobility ecosystem. By analyzing billions of data points from over 1 billion AI-analyzed video miles, Nauto’s machine learning algorithms continuously improve and help to impact driver behavior before events happen, not after. Nauto has enabled the largest commercial fleets in the world to avoid more than 25,000 collisions, resulting in nearly $180 million in savings. 
 
Nauto is backed by Greylock Partners, BMW iVentures, General Motors Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, SoftBank Vision FundGroup Corp, Allianz Group, Playground Global and DNX Ventures. More information about Nauto is available at www.nauto.com, or on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter. 
 
Job Description 
 
Our Sales organization at Nauto is expanding and we're creating a new Channel organization reporting directly to the CRO. 
 
We've been making inroads with multiple telematics and Commercial Fleets resellers in the USA, with Leasing companies in Japan, and with Insurers in Europe. Our focus in 2021, is on recruiting and enabling indirect channels for Nauto, with an emphasis on North America, learning what it takes to recruit, enable, and ramp up the different reseller types. We plan on rolling out these programs later to the rest of the world. 
 
The role of this individual is very entrepreneurial with the opportunity to shape and execute our new channel strategy. 
 
Nauto’s HQ is in Palo Alto, CA, but this role can be remote. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Refine, expand and improve our existing channel strategy and define the types of partnerships to build within specific market segments, in collaboration with Sales, Marketing, and Strategy organizations 
 Defining the Channel programs and priorities 
 Recruiting additional Channel Sales team members 
 Building the programs to recruit the new resellers, and to convert existing resellers to the new model 
 Recruiting and on-boarding new partners 
 Managing and growing business with partners 
 Working with Marketing to define Partner marketing requirements, enablement, and support programs 
 
 Qualifications, experience, profile 
 
 Building and executing a comprehensive channel strategy on a global basis, and demonstrated success helping transition direct sellers into a Channel-centric model 
 Understanding and executing Channel Marketing Strategies 
 Managing, and expanding existing partner relationships as well as seeking out and developing new partners and new channels 
 Leading, hiring, and growing the Channel team globally 
 Demonstrated ability to continually forecast, meet and exceed quotas and annual plans tied to sales generated by our partners 
 Five (5) or more years of automotive Industry 
 Ten (10) or more years in a Channel Sales role, selling IoT or other technology-based solutions 
 Ability to lead by example, and from the front, get involved in the day-to-day prospecting, selling, and training new partners 
 Ability to flourish in a fast-paced and changing environment 
 Strong oral and written communication skills with the instinctive ability to be adaptable to an ever-changing environment 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Ability to travel, in the US and abroad, including overnight travel 
 MBA preferred. 
 
 We have all the perks of a Silicon Valley Tech company, including: 
 
 Experienced leadership with a great track record of growing startups 
 Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group including experts in a wide range of fields such as Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision, Systems & Device Engineering, and Support & Operations 
 Comfortable co-working environment and communal problem solving and flexible work schedules 
 Free lunch, dinner, snacks, drinks, daily 
 You can bring your dog in (when we’ll all be back in offices) 
 We are in the heart of Palo Alto, walking distance from California Ave. Caltrain station. 
 
 We also have all the best benefits, including: 
 
 Stock options 
 Coverage for (health, dental, vision) including qualified dependents 
 Healthcare spending accounts (FSA, HSA) 
 401K 
 Commuter assistance 
 Up to 20 weeks of parental leave 
 Flexible PTO 
 
 Nauto is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment free of harassment and discrimination. 
 
To all recruitment agencies: Nauto does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Nauto employees or any other company location. Nauto is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Nauto 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in United States Jobs at Nauto in United States Vice President salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nauto Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
