
 
 
 
 Senior Device Software Engineering Manager, Fitbit - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Device Software Engineering Manager, Fitbit Fitbit 73 reviews San Diego, CA Fitbit 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
5 years of experience managing multiple software Engineering teams (i.e., managing managers). 
 Experience working with product, UX and program managers on multi-year roadmaps. 
 Experience identifying and closing engineering and product development gaps. 
 Experience delivering strategic and technical goals, including driving technical strategy via a technical leadership team. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
15 years of engineering experience. 
 Mobile or Backend Software Engineering Management experience 
 Experience with high volume consumer electronics manufacturing 
 Effective written communication skills 
 About the job 
Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. SWE Managers have not only the technical expertise to take on and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As a SWE Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our exceptional software engineers are just getting started - and as a manager, you guide the way. 
 
In this role you will be leading an engineering team who will deliver cutting-edge features. You will take product ideas from the concept stage through customer shipment and multiple feature updates. We are responsible for software running on Fitbit devices, plus mobile and cloud services that provide critical device functionality. You'll manage the San Diego branch of our team that currently consists of software engineers who are responsible for creating Fitbit tracker products, as well as vital services such as FWUP and end-to-end GPS support, among others.
 Fitbit’s diverse line of innovative products of smartwatches, trackers and smart scale help people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their health and fitness goals. Our products deliver personalized experiences, insights and guidance through leading software and interactive tools to support our users’ health and wellness. Partnering with Google will expand our resources and global platform, and we will be able to accelerate innovation in the wearables category to scale faster, and make health even more accessible to everyone. 
Responsibilities 
 Own the software integration for next generation Fitbit trackers, as well as our FWUP service, GPS, and other end-to-end systems. 
 Collaborate with other Fitbit engineering functions and groups (e.g., Product and Operations). 
 Provide device software site responsibility with respect to team-building and culture. 
 Oversee development teams to drive execution and provide effective communication of program status. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Fitbit in San Diego, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fitbit Fitbit 73 reviews Fitbit is an American company headquartered in San Francisco, California, known for its products of the same name, which are activity tra... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
