
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Watson AI Elite - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Watson AI Elite IBM 30,726 reviews Austin, TX 73301 IBM 30,726 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
AI and Automation (AIOps) is a game-changer for IT Operations.
 
Companies that embrace data for insights and automation of IT Operations will lead and those who do not will fall behind. 
 
We are building an elite team of data science practitioners and DevSecOps / SRE experts to help IBM's clients simplify and automate IT Operations driven by data and AI. This elite team will include data engineers, machine learning engineers, operations engineers, and data journalists. 
 
The team will engage directly in solving real-world IT Operation problems and be responsible for delivering the First-Of-its-Kind AIOps solution for IBM clients around the globe. The elite team will work with client teams to engineer AIOps in their environment, refining AI models; ultimately helping clients to gain deeper, AI-driven insights from their data and enabling them to prevent and fix IT issues at scale. This will enable client IT teams to focus on strategic projects, with AI as the enabler for this new Digital Operations Management 
 
As a member of the team, you should be deeply familiar with the challenges that IT leaders face and be equipped to make recommendations for where and how to apply AI in the IT context. You should have in-depth knowledge of systems, solutions, and hybrid cloud environments that is used in IT Operations to identify the right set of data to train AI models. An understanding of SRE's role and responsibilities and operation metrics would be a plus. You are proficient and knowledgeable with container orchestration platforms such as IBM Kubernetes Services and Red Hat OpenShift. Understanding of and hands-on experience with pods, containers, deployments, services, and other essential components of the Kubernetes platform is a must-have. Experience using monitoring tools such as Grafana and Sysdig and log aggregator tools such as LogDNA and Humio is also desired. You should also have excellent debugging skills to help identify and fix, for instance, deployment issues of containerized applications. You enjoy implementing utility scripts in BASH and Python to automate repeatable tasks that are commonly associated with ETL processes. You should be familiar with the process of cleaning, formatting, and organizing large data collections in order to create quality data sets that can be used for model training, You are also familiar with Docker technology principles and the required steps for containerizing applications. In this team, you will jump-start the process of using AI to transform client IT systems and guide them through their adoption of AI for IT Operations.
 
 
Key Responsibilities: 
Help clients appreciate the power value of AIOps to transform their IT Operations and progress them from a lead to a win for IBM 
Work with each client to identify high-value use cases for AI in IT with highest business impact. 
Break that use case(s) down into discrete MVPs (minimal viable product). 
Collect, prepare, and augment large data sets to train models. 
Work with new datasets, client systems, and tools. 
Build and validate new models. 
Deploy, monitor and retrain models. 
Scope Application definition 
Automate repeated IT tasks, driven through insights from the AI Models. 
Work with the client team to measure the impact of AIOps against defined metrics. 
Communicate effectively with line-of-business end-users to discover pain points and use cases, lead project definitions, and convey the business value of the project. 
Guide and mentor clients to become self-sufficient AIOps SMEs. 
Work with IBM Internal teams to document and provide feedback to productize repeatable use cases.
 While working across all these industries, you will also get to travel the World as these engagements will require that the team spend several weeks at client sites working on IT Ops problems with a diverse team. 
 
As a member of the team you will have a T-shaped skill set, having a broad knowledge base, but also in-depth expertise in key areas. 
 
Keywords: Big Data, Data Science, Deep Learning, Tech, ML, Machine Learning, AI, Artificial intelligence, Kubernetes, Docker 
CCSIBMINT2020 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
3+ years experience - Software Development programming experience in Python 
2+ years experience – Data Engineering/ Data Modeling/ Machine Learning/ AI. 
2+ years experience- Containerization, Docker, Kubernetes, Cloud environments 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
IT Operations, System and Application management and monitoring (2 years) 
Machine Learning/AI pipeline - data ingestion, predicting, deploying and diagnosing (3 years) 
Experience with Github and CI/CD with Jenkins/Travis CI (1+ years). 
Debug runtime integration issues on multiple docker containers (1 year). 
Management or team leadership experience (1 year) 
Client Facing experience (1 year) 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,726 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
