
 
 
 
 Jr. AI Conversational Designer - Remote Position - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Jr. AI Conversational Designer - Remote Position Verse.io Remote Remote Description:
 
Verse.io is the leading AI-powered Lead Conversion Platform that bridges the gap between sales and marketing for some of the top industry leading companies across the country. Verse helps sales and marketing teams find and secure customers more quickly and efficiently by automatically engaging, qualifying and following up with leads via natural, multi-channel, two-way conversations. 
Verse is a fast growing, venture backed company, experiencing some of the most explosive growth in our company’s history, and we’re looking for an AI Conversational Designer. You will make sure that our scripted SMS conversations are helpful, courteous, and solicits action from the reader. You will play a key role in maintaining the personality of our customer interactions, along with being accountable for all scripted content initiatives on behalf of Verse customers and our Concierge Representatives who handle these leads. You will work closely with our engineering and machine learning team to calibrate AI conversations, and make the experience of interacting with leads as natural as possible while maximizing opportunities to use our AI. You will also work closely with our Customer Success Managers to ensure customer needs are met in a timely and professional manner. Lastly, you will work closely with the Concierge leadership team to ensure that the script user experience is clear and makes sense for our lead development representatives to use when engaging with leads on a day to day basis. 
WHAT YOU WILL DO 
Develop scripts and messaging that lead to efficient, courteous, impactful sms conversations. 
Understand different customer segments and tailor scripts to each industry and use case. 
Put on a brand publisher mindset to create the content our customers are looking for and help them optimize the path to conversion 
Organize scripts, building and maintaining an internal library based on specific use cases and industries 
Document trends within the responses to communicate areas for improvement 
Document and develop copywriting strategies to further enhance the customer and user experience of the AI Scripts. 
Train the artificial intelligence by managing confidence thresholds, reviewing responses and providing consistent feedback 
Own customer experience of perceived AI actions, including evaluating and recommending response handling options by system vs human training 
Optimize the user experience of our scripts according to feedback from the representatives who will be using them to engage leads on a day to day basis 
Be accountable for any script-related changes that need to be made in response to Customer feedback, and Concierge User Feedback 
. Requirements:
 Previous conversational designing experience or copywriting experience required, preferably in either technical writing or conversation dseign. 
Having an understanding of UI/UX principles, SQL and JSON is also a plus. 
Beyond that, we are interested in any combination of background and experience that aligns with our ideal candidate profile below. 
WHO YOU ARE 
Copywriter.  You know what to say and how to say it, especially when it comes to writing for the purpose of sales & marketing. 
Critical Thinker.  Not everything will be straightforward. Building these scripts will require some planning and strategizing before execution in order to insure the best possible user experience for the customer. 
Advisor.  You will build an understanding of scripts and our product and will be a go-to source of information for the best use cases and strategies for our new and existing customers. 
Builder.  You are not afraid to build solutions for the company and our customers. If there is a will, there is a way. You are able to utilize the tools available at your disposal to create the best possible solutions for every kind of problem. 
Intellectually curious.  You like to ask the right questions to learn and continue to develop yourself and improve your products. You are open to giving and taking feedback. 
Accountable.  Perform all duties required by your job and to further growth goals of the organization; respond to customers needs with integrity and a sense of urgency. 
Excellent.  Strong attention to detail, and organizational skills. Willing to go above and beyond to facilitate the growth of the company and our customers. 
Why Verse? 
Come be a part of a rapid-growth SaaS startup backed by top investors! We are a group of smart and hardworking team members who thrive in an innovative culture centered on our company values: At Verse, we are Customer-Journey Enthusiasts, One Team, Always on Day 1, and Superhuman. If creating, growing, and having fun while doing it sounds like your jam, we want to hear from you! 
Benefits: 
Remote-first work environment 
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage 
Company-provided computer and monthly tech stipend 
11 paid company holidays, 2 weeks vacation, 5 sick days 
Stock options for all employees 
401k account 
Company-matched volunteering days at organization of your choice 
Culture and DEI initiatives, including events & peer recognition programs 
Location : 
Must be authorized to work in the U.S.  This opportunity is not available, however, to residents in the states of Montana and Colorado.  We do not offer Visa assistance or sponsorship for this role. This is a fully remote position and there is no relocation assistance. You must also reside in the United States. #LI-Remote, #LI-MP1 
EEO Statement: 
We are Verse and we don’t just accept differences — we celebrate them, we support them, and we thrive on them for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. All candidates for hire, promotion and performance are evaluated on the basis of merit alone. Verse.io 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Designer jobs in Remote Jobs at Verse.io in Remote Junior Designer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verse.io Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
