
 
 
 
 Facilities Manager - Redwood City, CA 94063 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Facilities Manager HeartFlow, Inc. Redwood City, CA 94063 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We have an exciting opportunity for a highly experienced, exceptional leader and self-starter! The Facilities Manager will lead a small, multi-site team and oversee the maintenance, security, office management, future expansion, planning and build-out of HeartFlow facilities worldwide. This includes but is not limited to managing relationships with various building management firms, adhering facility management to applicable regulations and guidelines, managing video surveillance, badge access and maintaining clean and operational facilities. This role will also take on special projects as needed. 
 Facility Planning/Analysis: 
As part of a working group, determine investment and actions necessary to expand usage of existing facilities and acquiring new facilities, including outside the current locations as well as possibly internationally. 
Post-COVID office reconfiguration to provide optimal protective workspaces for returning employees. 
Prepare detailed budget geared towards facility expansion and continuously analyze facility costs and renegotiate and optimize spending where possible. 
Provide mentorship and expertise to a small team of facilities professionals 
 
 
Physical Security: 
Administer and manage the camera surveillance systems and ensure appropriate coverage of video surveillance. 
Administer and manage the badge access systems and ensure appropriate audit of distributed badges and inventory of unused badges. 
 Facility Operations: 
Coordinate with our sub tenants regarding facilities related matters such as coordinating booking and arranging conference rooms, etc. 
Prepare disaster response plans and participate in bi-annual disaster recovery response exercises. 
Maintain facility to recognized industry frameworks and standards. 
Work directly with building managers / property owners to mitigate and / or resolve facility related issues requiring approval or collaboration with building owners. 
Manage day-to-day operations, including infrastructure maintenance, occupant support, and development projects. 
Maintain office services by organizing office operations and procedures. 
Manage the design, planning, and implementation of workspace planning. 
Manage and provide oversight for all office events as planned by the Great Workplace Team 
 Additional Duties: 
Provide back-up assistance and guidance to office management team members as needed. 
Establish and maintain effective professional business relationships with all levels of management, employees, and business contacts. 
Other duties as required. 
 Skills Needed: 
Experience mentoring, coaching and managing others 
High degree of integrity and work ethic. 
Able to maintain professional manner and diplomacy in fast-paced and stressful situations. 
Able to handle sensitive information with professionalism and discretion. 
Excellent customer service, written and verbal communication, planning, and organizational skills. 
Quick learner and takes initiative to solve problems. 
High attention to detail. 
Exceptional multi-tasking and time-management skills. 
Able to anticipate the needs of the executive and team members. 
Advanced MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). 
 Educational Requirements & Work Experience:
 BA/BS Degree preferred but not required. 
5+ years of office management. 
Management experience required. 
Experience in start-up tech companies preferred. 
 Physical Demands of the Job:
 Front desk duties, medium lifting. 
 About HeartFlow, Inc. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to every aspect of employment at HeartFlow, including recruitment, hiring, training, relocation, promotion, and termination. 
Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals. HeartFlow, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Facilities Manager jobs in Redwood City, CA Jobs at HeartFlow in Redwood City, CA Facilities Manager salaries in Redwood City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from HeartFlow, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
