
 
 
 
 Sr. Manufacturing Test Engineer - North Reading, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manufacturing Test Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews North Reading, MA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 BSEE or equivalent required. 
 8+ years related work experience, in environments that are fast paced and require multitasking. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Knowledge of test fixture design and state-of-the-art automated test equipment. 
 Demonstrated expertise with test strategy development and implementation. 
 Experience with high-density boundary scan, where test-point coverage is limited. 
 Programmatic equipment and device-under-test control using standard software tools. 
 Excellent analytical skills, ability to define requirements and capability to deliver test solutions. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
The Amazon Robotics (AR) Operations organization oversees the manufacturing of high-quality robotics and gets the right materials to the right place at the right time to enable our automated solutions. It’s an operation that works cross-functionally with teams across Amazon globally, and is driven by data and performance indicators. In this role, you will be responsible for leading and developing test strategies and solutions for new products, with a focus on automation, cycle time reduction, and improving product quality. You will actively collaborate with engineering, production, junior test engineers, and external vendors to deliver the highest quality products with the lowest cost.
 
We are seeking a talented and motivated Senior Manufacturing Test Development Engineer with a proven track record of implementing best-in-class test techniques and processes within a complex manufacturing environment. This role will report to the Technical Operations Manufacturing Test and Controls team and will be a leading member of the technical operations team.
 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 
 Actively support and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 Lead the development of equipment, programming, and processes for acceptance testing of robotic systems. 
 Document test procedures, test specifications, and acceptance criteria for new and existing products. 
 Work with suppliers to support deployed products and their respective tests. 
 Support the internal manufacturing team by resolving complex manufacturing problems. 
 Propose design changes that will enhance product manufacturability and testability. 
 Evaluate and approve product electrical Engineering Change Orders (ECOs). 
 Extensive cross-functional support of multiple skill sets. 
 Willing to “roll up sleeves and do what needs to get done” in a small, specialized, team environment. 
 Up to 30% travel required, including international travel. 
 Electrical Engineering or Computer Science Master’s degree. 
 Experience bringing a product through the New Product Introduction stage at a manufacturing facility. 
 Experience in designing or specifying electrical test interfaces for functionally testing electrical sub-assemblies. 
 Bench-top electrical debug tool experience as well as electrical design of test circuitry. 
 Experience with products with time of flight (TOF), stereo cameras, and other sensor systems test. 
 Experience in circuit-level debug to the component level. 
 NI TestStand, NI LabVIEW, and Python experience. 
 RF experience in respect to Wi-Fi, LTE, and GPS radio testing. 
 Linux-based product OS testing and control. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Test Engineer jobs in North Reading, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in North Reading, MA Senior Test Engineer salaries in North Reading, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
