
 
 
 
 Data Labeling Quality Specialist - Federal - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Labeling Quality Specialist - Federal Scaleapi St. Louis, MO Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description The Data Labeling Quality Specialist role is an entry-level position for individuals who are interested in working in the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning industry. We are looking for a candidate who is a self-starter, detail-oriented and adaptable. The role will be focused on annotating tasks and delivering high quality by following a variety of instructions. The role will be perfect for individuals who value challenge in their work. You will be working cross-functionally with Supply Ops and Engineering to drive improvements in quality. 
Responsibilities 
Label machine learning data from customers 
Complete tasks in a timely manner, meeting SLA deadlines 
Do post-process audits and write error reports on data and tasks 
Work in-sync with Supply Managers to meet weekly goals 
Identify and resolve the root cause of low quality and provide feedback to respective teams on product improvements 
Required Skills: 
Must be a US Citizen, and must be able to pass Background Check 
Must be willing and have ability to obtain and maintain a Secret Security Clearance 
Detail oriented and can follow complex instructions 
Ability to work full-time hours (8-hour workdays) 
Ability to work independently, cooperatively, and collaboratively as a team member 
Possession of excellent oral and written skills 
Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive 
Ability to handle ambiguity and changing priorities 
About Us: 
At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how machine learning can build innovative products. Our products provide access to human-powered data for hundreds of use cases and are used by industry leaders such as Open AI, Lyft, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, NVIDIA, and many more. We’ve recently raised $325 million in Series E funding at a valuation of $7B+ and are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications. 
We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information. Scaleapi 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Specialist jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Scaleapi in St. Louis, MO Data Specialist salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Scaleapi Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
