
 
 
 
 Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence Researcher - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence Researcher Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE's National Cybersecurity FFRDC (NCF) team is currently seeking a Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence (AI) Researcher. This position is an exciting opportunity to provide support and help to resolve security challenges related to AI. The position will require an understanding of AI methods (such as machine learning, anomaly detection, data analytics and visualization), security related to AI, computer security, and computer architectures. Experience with developing automated analytic pipelines that span from data munging to visualizations will be very valuable.
 The position will be part of a larger team, thus experience adhering to schedules and being a collaborative team player is a must. The role also involves interactions with the NIST sponsor therefore the candidate is expected to have good verbal skills.
 In this role, you will have opportunities to work on a wide range of problems, with diverse teams possessing a broad range of skills. Your experience will allow you to influence research directions; identify and evaluate the challenges and potential solutions associated with engineering complex cybersecurity systems; and identify new areas where artificial intelligence is needed to strengthen the nation’s cybersecurity.
 Basic Qualifications:
 BS in Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related degree
 5 years of experience
 Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants
 Required Qualifications:
 Understanding of AI methods and trustworthy AI systems
 Understanding of computer security and architectures
 Experience in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Data Mining or Machine Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence)
 Programming experience in C, C++, Python and relevant packages/libraries (e.g. Pandas, Scikit)
 5+ years of experience (or coursework) in AI methods and related cybersecurity concepts
 Experience working with cyber tools and frameworks
 Ability to identify and articulate domain specific challenges, discuss critical issues, and identify gaps
 Ability to work independently, in dynamic teams, and learn as you go
 Possess good business development inclinations and strong problem-solving skills
 Possess excellent oral and written communications skills
 Preferred Qualifications:
 MS in Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, or related discipline
 Direct experience applying AI methods to cybersecurity challenges
 Familiarity with IoT, Zeek log analysis, reinforcement learning, deep learning
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 None
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Researcher salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
