
 
 
 
 SWIT IVI Test Engineer - Peachtree City, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SWIT IVI Test Engineer Capgemini 8,227 reviews Peachtree City, GA Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Requirement analysis 
Design and development, documentation of test cases 
Documentation of defects 
Defect reproduction based on limited information from user/ client 
Testing as per process 
Open to short domestic travel to automobile factories or warehouses and support working development teams 
Communication with internal and external stakeholders 
Requirements : 
Bachelor's degree in Computer/Electronics/Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related 
2+ years of relevant experience in Automotive Domain Testing 
Knowledge in one or more of the following operating systems: Android, QNX, embedded Linux. 
Domain knowledge in features like Vehicle, CAN, Diagnostic, Voice, Bluetooth, Tuner, Media, Navigation 
Knowledge of scripting language in both test development and execution using any automation tool 
Familiar with tools and equipment for IVI test on the bench as well as in-vehicle and able to perform an initial level of triaging of different domain area issues 
Strong communication skills (written and verbal), working with teams across multiple time zones. 
Proficient with end-to-end software test life cycle, various test strategies, types, and techniques. 
Hands-on experience to devise test strategy, prepare test plan, traceability matrix, and ensure the usage of tools for optimization 
Able to ensure the availability of test environment, design test, and defect reporting formats 
Able to update project related data as required in applicable systems and ensure timely reporting and response to stakeholder. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Test Engineer jobs in Peachtree City, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Peachtree City, GA Test Engineer salaries in Peachtree City, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
