
 
 
 
 Controller - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Controller Atlas One California Remote Location:  100% Remote, USA
 
Company Overview
 
Atlas One's mission is to increase the success rate of growing companies. By empowering people to recognize and understand the value of talent, we're helping accelerate innovation on a global scale. We use intelligence augmentation to enhance human to human interactions. Our customers are ambitious start-ups to growing enterprises who use our technology solutions, data & insights, and partnerships with our talent services to assemble top performing teams.
 
About Finance Team
 
Atlas One's Finance Team enables the company to set and pursue ambitious goals. We dig deep into the data to inform key decisions, identify opportunities for growth, and make sure we are ready to tackle surprises along the way.
 
As a trusted partner of the leadership team, we uncover insights that influence business strategies. If you are meticulous about finding solutions to complex problems, join us and put your skills to the test.
 
 About the Role: 
We are looking for an independent and result-oriented qualified Financial Controller to manage all financial operations and to sit within the Finance team with a focus on accounting, consolidation, and cash management. As a Financial Controller, you will be at the centre of all financial flows and processes and you will direct and coordinate financial planning, budgeting, and forecasts, lead on investment appraisal and management of the contract lifecycle P&L, provide early warning of problems and opportunities – no surprises. Our financial operations are at the core of quantifying our growth, effectiveness, and business sustainability. This in return determines the quality of our financial relation with our suppliers, customers, and our team members. We have set the basis for this, but now we require a Financial Controller that has the experience, flexibility, and drive to take over control and help us further grow and expand our business. This role is essential to ensure we can expand and scale with the speed the market is demanding from us!
 
 Within 3 Months, You will: 
Be responsible for management accounting, financial reporting and providing commercial and operational management information to support rapid global expansion.
 Report for management and investors monthly
 Manage Annual and Quarterly Budgeting (P&L, Balance, Cash Flow)
 Oversee tax payments, all financials of supplier and customers.
 Be accountable for the accounting service including close review of controls in place and their effectiveness.
 Solve ad hoc hiccups in finance operations.
 
 Within 6 Months, You will: 
Identify and implement process improvements to enhance the efficiency and accuracy of the monthly, quarterly, and annual reporting process - both via automation and control.
 Engage in financial discussions at all levels with respect to ongoing bids and existing contracts.
 Drive initiatives to improve business performance & change for greater efficiency within the business.
 Provide management with adequate training and guidance in both financial issues and key performance indicators.
 
 Within 9 Months, You will: 
Drive to the annual audit process ensuring a timely and effective audit.
 Lead on the month end close process and production of client financial reporting including monthly, quarterly, and ad hoc dashboards and reporting.
 Oversee and reporting on performance to business case for the contract lifecycle P&L with a key focus on cost control and validating and reporting on the key business case assumptions.
 
You Should Apply if You Have;
 
6+ years' post qualified experience in finance functions, preferably with experience within a financial service company within cross-functional and multi-national teams
 Qualified Chartered Accountant (ACA or equivalent)
 Expertise with financial accounting, reporting and budgeting (P&L, Balance, Cash Flow)
 Experience implementing and automating financial processes, sales invoicing, and preferably with a SaaS product.
 Strong experience of month ends close, functional reporting and preparation of statutory account.
 Excellent attention to detail with the ability to unravel complex accounting queries.
 Flexing influencing/negotiating style to achieve win/win solutions at executive level.
 Positive attitude:  'can do' approach.
 Excellent organisation skills:  ability to plan and organise work so that it is efficient and effective.
 
 Benefits: 
We will pay you what you're worth. We are fully committed to closing the gender pay gap, promoting diversity and inclusivity, and paying people what they deserve to be paid.
 We're a Remote First business. We have team members everywhere, from Japan to US, from UK to Egypt - we place an emphasis on finding the right people in any location, not any people in the right location.
 Enjoy the benefits of a flexible work schedule as part of a fully distributed workforce.
 Experience ongoing training and growth opportunities. We will support you with your career endeavours. We are committed to internal progression and offering our team members the best opportunities for growth. We want to invest in you the same way you are going to invest in us!
 Unlimited PTO - The days off are not tracked, so it's up to you to decide how much time you want to take off. We love freedom, flexibility, and trust.
 International Healthcare, travel the world without concern!
 
More About Us
 
Our team run the show and are very influential in decision making. We hire creative and innovative people and give them the autonomy to do great work. We are strongly against artificial separations of responsibility and throwing work "over the wall."
 We build Atlas One to be a remarkably great place to work. Check out our 5 star employer rating on Glassdoor!
 Atlas One is committed to an inclusive and diverse work environment. As an equal opportunity employer, we do not discriminate based on gender, sexuality, race, colour, disability or any other legally protected status. Atlas One 19 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Controller jobs in California Jobs at Atlas One in California Controller salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Atlas One Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
