
 
 
 
 Staff Accountant - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Accountant Vantagepoint ai, LLC Remote Remote Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Who we are looking for: 
Vantagepoint AI, LLC is currently seeking a Part-Time Staff Accountant to join our Team. 
The ideal Staff Accountant candidate will: 
Have strong interpersonal skills. 
Be well organized. 
Have great attention to detail and high level of accuracy. 
Possess good time management skills . 
Be deadline driven. 
Have excellent computer skills including a high proficiency in Microsoft Excel. 
Be available to work 25-28 hours per week. 
And, want to work for a company where they are appreciated. 
Who we are: 
Our company, founded in 1979 by a trading pioneer and software inventor, is widely regarded within the financial technology industry due to our innovations that apply  artificial intelligence  to financial markets. Our product discovers hidden patterns and relationships between markets to formulate incredibly accurate price forecasts. This is a very exciting time to join our growing company and be part of the advancements we’re making with this technology. For more information on our product, visit  www.vantagepointsoftware.com . 
 
 The Staff Accountant will be responsible for: 
Handle Multi-state Sales/Use tax filing including: 
Reconciling Revenue and Sales Tax collected across multiple platforms. 
Preparing Sales Tax filings and submissions on a monthly or quarterly basis both manually and via return preparation software. 
Ensure that payments are applied and posted properly. 
Maintain monthly balance sheet reconciliations. 
Create and post journal entries and accruals. 
Assist with the month-end close process including the accurate and timely recording of income and expenses. 
Serve as back-up for other functions in the Accounting Department. 
Perform a variety of special projects and impromptu reporting as needed. 
Other accounting and administrative duties as assigned. 
Experience: 
2 or 4-year degree in accounting or finance 
Minimum of 2 years of general ledger experience 
Great Plains Accounting Software experience a plus 
Salesforce experience a plus 
Avalara Sales Tax Platform or other sales/use tax platform a plus 
Proficient in Office365 suite of programs 
Excellent typing and 10 Key skills 
Ability to take initiative, learn quickly and problem solve. 
NOTE: This is currently a remote position for Florida residents, however, we are always highly interested in candidates in the Tampa, FL area. 
Learn more about our culture at  www.FindTampaJobs.com . 
 JT18 Vantagepoint ai, LLC 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Accountant jobs in Remote Jobs at Vantagepoint ai in Remote Staff Accountant salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vantagepoint ai, LLC Founded in 1979 by Louis B. Mendelsohn, a prominent technical analyst and trading software pioneer, Vantagepoint ai was the first trading... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
