
 
 
 
 Special Teams Quality Documentation Specialist (Remote) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Special Teams Quality Documentation Specialist (Remote) Nuance 473 reviews Remote Nuance 473 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary:
 
Nuance Special Teams Quality Documentation Specialists work nearly in real-time with a physician and their care team to complete documentation of clinic visits. Specialists support healthcare providers and their patients by learning medical documentation and using new technologies to create summaries of patient encounters. Our team saves time for providers by delivering accurate documentation within a couple hours of patient visits. Documentation includes patient histories, exams, radiographic findings, assessments, and treatment plans. Specialists make healthcare functional and efficient by allowing providers to keep their focus on their patients. 
Our team seeks candidates who are passionate about medicine and desire to impact the future of healthcare. We are looking for quick learners who can get up to speed with medical terminology to include anatomy and treatment modalities and strive for continual learning and improvement. Successful candidates will be eager to learn new technology and be open to making changes as new technologies evolve. Training will be provided through our Quality Documentation Specialist training program. 
Full Time,  Benefits eligible,  100% Work from Home 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
Serve as documentation specialists new/conversion or critical accounts, providing feedback to operations team as required. 
Document or QC medical dictation utilizing NTS proprietary software. 
Documentation include all specialties as directed by business need. 
Recognizes, interprets, and evaluates inconsistencies, discrepancies, and inaccuracies in medical dictation. 
Edit documents consistently and fairly according to guidelines, standards of style and formats of practice. 
Uses reference materials appropriately and efficiently to facilitate the accuracy, clarity, and completeness of reports. 
Verifies patient information for accuracy and completeness. 
Formats reports according to established guidelines. 
Demonstrates an understanding of the medicolegal implications and responsibilities related to the documentation of patient records. 
Understands and complies with policies and procedures related medicolegal matters, including confidentiality, release of information, medical records as legal evidence, etc. 
Must maintain attendance requirements. 
Years of Experience: 2+ 
Bachelor’s degree is the preferred education requirement 
Required Qualifications 
Prior work experience as a Medical Scribe. Knowledge of medical terminology is required. 
Excellent English professional writing skills; including advanced proficiency in grammar and spelling. 
Excellent listening skills and ability to understand diverse accents and dialects of physicians, their staff, and patients. 
Ability to work independently in a secure and private location with a reliable high-speed internet connection. 
Ability to participate in live video chat and screensharing sessions for training. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Experience or training in the medical specialty of Oncology, Orthopedics, Neurology, ENT, Cardiology, Ophthalmology, GI, Dermatology, Rheumatology, Family Medicine, Pain Medicine, Nephrology, or Urology preferred but not required. 
Familiarity with Electronic Health Records; Epic or Athena experience is highly preferred. 
 
Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. 
LI Code:
 
#LI-MB1 Nuance 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Document Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Nuance in Remote Document Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 473 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
