
 
 
 
 Tracking Operations Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tracking Operations Specialist Stats Perform Remote Remote Tracking Operations Specialist(Job Number: GLO0007) 
Description 
 
 JOB DETAILS 
 
 Department:  Tracking Operations 
 
 Job Title:  Tracking Operations Specialist 
 
 Reports To (title):  Tracking Operations Lead 
 
 Career Level:  Level 2 
 
 Location:  Global - Remote 
 
 Line Management Responsibility:  none 
 
 Job Purpose: 
 As a Tracking Operations Specialist you are supporting the delivery of the global tracking coverage, being responsible for pre-game planning and supervision of live and post-game operations. Providing direct operational and technical support to all operators during live tracking games. Communicating with clients during live operations. Making sure the post-match production office have received all the tracking and video files from stadium after the games, reporting all the operations incident and software bugs to stakeholders. 
 As a specialist of tracking system manipulation, you participate actively to the quality control of operators and to games coverage, training or customers demonstration. 
 The role can include support of travel booking and stadium access request for tracking operators as well. 
 WHAT’S YOUR NEW ROLE ABOUT? 
 Live support to operators during tracking operations 
 Live support to partners during tracking operations 
 Quality report and feedback to operators on tracking live activities 
 Training of new tracking operators 
 Reporting incident and software bugs to stakeholders 
 Participate in software planning and testing 
 Update tracking operations planning documents 
 Monitor files transfer from stadium to production centers 
 Support on operations travel logistics 
 
 DO YOU HAVE THESE ESSENTIALS? 
 Several years of experience with tracking system SportVU 
 Experienced in operational and technical testing of tracking systems 
 Working hours flexibility 
 High knowledge in football rules 
 Technical skills 
 
 HERE’S A LITTLE MORE ABOUT US 
 Stats Perform collects the richest sports data in the world and transforms it through revolutionary artificial intelligence (AI) to unlock the most in-depth insights for media and technology, betting and team performance. With company roots dating back almost 40 years, Stats Perform embraces and solves the dynamic nature of sport – be that for digital and broadcast media with differentiated storytelling, tech companies with reliable and fast data to power their own innovations, sportsbooks with in-play betting and integrity services, or teams with first-of-its-kind AI analysis software. As the leading sports data and AI company, Stats Perform works with most of the top global sports broadcast companies, tech companies, sportsbooks, teams and leagues. 
 THE BENEFITS YOU WILL ENJOY WHEN YOU JOIN WILL INCLUDE… 
 And there’s more……  you’ll have access to our  online learning porta l and be part of our  Career Deal,  which aims to support your  continued professional   development . We also have a  structured management development programme. 
 
 Please Note  - some of these benefits will be available to you upon successful completion of your probation. 
 Stats Perform is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status . Stats Perform 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Associate jobs in Remote Jobs at Stats Perform in Remote Operations Associate salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stats Perform Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
