
 
 
 
 ASSOCIATE IN RESEARCH - Durham, NC 27710 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASSOCIATE IN RESEARCH Duke Careers 1,164 reviews Durham, NC 27710 Duke Careers 1,164 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. School of Medicine: 
Established in 1930, Duke University School of Medicine is the youngest of the nation’s top medical schools. Ranked tenth among its peers, the School takes pride in being an inclusive community of outstanding learners, investigators, clinicians, and staff where traditional barriers are low, interdisciplinary collaboration is embraced, and great ideas accelerate translation of fundamental scientific discoveries to improve humanhealth locally and around the globe.
 
Comprised of 2,400 faculty physicians and researchers, the Duke University School of Medicine along with the Duke University School of Nursing and Duke University Health System create Duke Health . Duke Health is a world-class health care network. Founded in 1998 to provide efficient, responsive care, the health system offers a full network of health services and encompasses Duke University Hospital, Duke Regional Hospital, Duke Raleigh Hospital, Duke Primary Care, Private Diagnostic Clinic, Duke Home and Hospice, Duke Health and Wellness, and multiple affiliations.
 
AI Health Data Science Fellow
 Job Code:  1420, Associate in Research
 
Job Description
 
The Duke AI Health Data Science Fellowship program is a 2-3 year training program for individuals with a strong quantitative background seeking experience in data science with healthcare applications. The program is part of the broader AI Health Initiative, a key component of Duke University’s investment in data science as a tool to improve the lives of patients and solve problems that matter in healthcare.
 
The AI Health Data Science Fellowship program is structured to develop individuals early in their careers and provide them with an intense but supportive environment to develop essential skills in healthcare analytics and modern methods in artificial intelligence/machine learning. Fellows will gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge data science methods and healthcare data, while working on interdisciplinary teams to tackle projects that improve the lives of patients. Each team will include a quantitative lead, clinical lead, data engineer, the data science fellow, and students/trainees. The fellow will be mentored and work under the direction of the team’s quantitative lead, an individual with advanced expertise in data science and machine learning, to contribute to meaningful, real-world applications guided by the clinical lead(s). Each team will be embedded within a specific clinical area(e.g., cardiology, pediatrics, or psychiatry) allowing the team members to develop a broad understanding and familiarity with the clinical domain.
 
After their 2-3 year commitment, fellows can expect to be highly competitive for an array of opportunities in healthcare, academia, or industry.
 
In addition to applying online, interested candidates should send an email to plus-datascience@duke.edu with the subject line “AI Health Fellowship Inquiry”. Please include a cover letter and resume.
 
Responsibilities
 
1. Develop data science and machine learning applications in healthcare(50%)
 The Data Science Fellow will collaborate with their team to assess the big picture clinical question, translate the question into an analyzable scope, and frame clear analytic objectives. The fellow will be responsible for all aspects of the analysis, as outlined below.
 
 Tasks will include: 
 
 Developing an analytic plan that accurately reflects the clinical objectives and properly accounts for the population, available data (including the data generating mechanism), data quality and cleanliness, and potential for bias or confounding 
 Working either independently or with a data engineering team to define and create analytic dataset(s) 
 Performing data exploration and descriptive analyses 
 Developing and evaluating appropriate statistical and machine learning models in are producible manner 
 Demonstrating comprehension of statistical and machine learning methods applied, including assumptions and limitations of a given approach 
 
2. Develop tools and generalizable infrastructure (20%)
 The Data Science Fellow will ensure the integrity of their results through good documentation and code provenance, carefully managing their code and developing accurate descriptions of what they are doing, and why, in a way that others can understand. Fellows will demonstrate tool-specific skills and apply common software development practices such as modularizing code and using versioncontrol (e.g., Git).
 
 Tasks will include: 
 
 Documenting project work with version control and regular project summary reports 
 Developing procedures, modules, and programs to generalize code into reusable resources,within and across projects. 
 Preparing work for transition to implementation and product development teams. 
 
3. Share and disseminate knowledge (20%)
 The Data Science Fellow will engage and communicate with their team members, clinical sponsors, and leadership at varying levels of clinical and technical fluency. They will tailor their communications to the appropriate audience, including clinical and quantitative team members, and demonstrate the ability to converse proficiently in many situations with diverse audiences.
 
 Tasks will include: 
 
 Developing content including slides, visualizations, and interactive tools. 
 Writing scientific content such as abstracts and manuscripts. 
 Preparing and delivering presentations. 
 Representing their team at meetings, conferences, and external events. 
 
4. Contribute to the mission of AI Health (10%)
 The Data Science Fellow will engage with their teams at a professional level and develop collegial relationships. They will engage as an active contribut or with their transdisciplinary team, communicate clearly and regularly, bring issues forward, and work with the team to develop solutions.
 
 Tasks will include: 
 
 With increasing levels of independence, mentoring students and trainees. 
 Participating in the development of new opportunities. 
 
Education/Training
 Position requires a master’s degree in any quantitative discipline. Examples of quantitative disciplines include (but are not limited to) engineering, computer science, statistics, biostatistics, biomedical engineering, economics.
 
Skills/Experience
 
 Demonstrated aptitude for data analysis, programming, and creative problem solving. 
 Demonstrated proficiency in programming, especially Python and R. 
 Experience in statistical modeling is preferable but not required. 
 Experience with version control, databases, distributed computing, or cloud computing is preferable but not required. 
 Intellectual curiosity, as demonstrated by proactive pursuit of learning opportunities and diverse, challenging projects. 
 A passion for the application of data science to solve important problems in healthcare and improving patient lives. 
 
problems in healthcare and improving patient lives.
 
Duke is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employment opportunity without regard to an individual's age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status.
 
Duke aspires to create a community built on collaboration, innovation, creativity, and belonging. Our collective success depends on the robust exchange of ideas—an exchange that is best when the rich diversity of our perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences flourishes. To achieve this exchange, it is essential that all members of the community feel secure and welcome, that the contributions of all individuals are respected, and that all voices are heard. All members of our community have a responsibility to uphold these values.
 
 Essential Physical Job Functions:  Certain jobs at Duke University and Duke University Health System may include essentialjob functions that require specific physical and/or mental abilities. Additional information and provision for requests for reasonable accommodation will be provided by each hiring department. Duke University and Duke University Health System 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Duke Careers in Durham, NC Research Associate salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Duke Careers Duke Careers 1,164 reviews NOTE: This page and its contents are not sanctioned by or associated with Duke University and Duke University Health System. The reviews ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
