
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in a quantitative field 
 5+ years of relevant work experience in analytics and business intelligence 
 
Would you like to join a fast-paced team committed to creating cutting edge data science tools used to enhance the lives of Amazon Prime members worldwide? Would you like to advance the frontier of using artificial intelligence to make business decisions? If so, Amazon Prime is looking for you! We are seeking a talented business intelligence (BI) engineer to join the Prime Machine Learning and Economics team, which is the core science team within Amazon Prime. We build recommendation systems, simulation technology, and insight-driving data science to ensure Prime remains one of the world’s most loved membership programs. At Prime, understanding what our customers want, through data, is critical to creating the Prime membership of the future. A BI engineer on our team will help us navigate this complex data environment--one of the most complex in the world--to understand our customers.
 
A day in the life
 A person in this role will work closely with a team of applied scientists, economists, data/software engineers, and product managers to help build data solutions that support statistical and econometric modeling used to evaluate company-wide investments intended to make Prime better. This person will serve as the front line of visualizing our data and bringing its insights to life, including both input data as well as model output data. A person in this role will learn state-of-the-art approaches to causal and counterfactual statistical modeling, as well as how to extract relevant insights from data. They will also partner with our data and software engineering teams to create industry-leading artificially-intelligent software tools that maximize the productivity of human business professionals and internal company systems. We expect the visualization outputs produced by a BI engineer in this role to be consumed by company-wide leadership, serving as an input to a broad set of strategic discussions for the company. The role is unique in its dual exposure to both senior-level business professionals and strategic decision-making, as well to scientists and engineers involved in creating the next generation of machine-learning tools, especially those capable of modeling causal and counterfactual relationships in data.
 
About the hiring group
 What makes our team unique is two things. First, it has a broad mandate to model all customer behavior for Prime members worldwide. Second, we build cutting-edge simulations using a variety of statistical tools (ML/econometrics/causal inference). These simulations provide the raw materials for extracting and visualizing customer insights in innovative ways.
 
Job responsibilities
 As a BI engineer, you will be expected to use platforms like Amazon Redshift and Spark to build SQL queries, model metadata, build reports and dashboards, and create visualizations using tools like Amazon Quicksight or Tableau. You will also connect these visualizations to software tools designed by the broader engineering team and build efficient, flexible, extensible, and scalable ETL designs and mappings. Finally, you will provide technical leadership and mentoring for BI engineers across Amazon Prime.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
 
 MS in a technical or business field 
 7+ years of progressively responsible work experience 
 Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through final deliverable 
 Ability to work on a diverse team or with a diverse range of coworkers. 
 Ability to deal well with ambiguity 
 Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive 
 Demonstrated ability to drive operational excellence and best practices. 
 Excellence in technical communication with peers, partners, and non-technical cohorts 
 Experience with at east one modern programming language (Python, R, Java etc.) 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
