
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Engineer/Data Scientist-Remote - Seattle, WA 98101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Engineer/Data Scientist-Remote iFoodDecisionSciences Seattle, WA 98101 Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us 
 
The food service industry is rapidly digitizing, creating a wave of change driving career opportunities for those with an entrepreneurial mindset, a strong work ethic, and the willingness to adapt and grow. iFoodDS offers a food safety, traceability and quality platform for use across the global food supply chain (growers, harvesters, packers/shippers, processors, distributors, grocery retailers and foodservice providers). Our market is huge ($10B+), international and growing. We are at the cutting edge of a major shift in how the agricultural industry uses technology—moving from analog processes to digital systems, data analytics and Artificial Intelligence. iFoodDS enables transparency across the supply chain, and helps our customers gain process efficiencies, maintain regulatory compliance, and send safer, wholesome food to market. 
 
 
Who We are Looking For 
 
iFoodDS is expanding its team and seeking a business intelligence engineer / data scientist to support the development and delivery of dashboards and reports as well as perform data analysis and regressions for predictive analysis for the iFoodDS SaaS food safety, traceability and quality management platform. We are looking for someone who has experience working directly with customers to understand their needs and the creativity to deliver innovative data analytics solutions to meet those needs and continue to differentiate iFoodDS in the market. 
Responsibilities 
 
 Coordinate with customers to determine business data reporting and analytics requirements and delivery them to meet customer needs. 
 Maintain, enhance and create external and customer-facing reports and dashboards used for food safety, quality management and traceability in Tableau. 
 Perform statistical analysis using techniques including regression analysis, time series, multivariate, A/B, cohort, end-to-end/funnel, and other methods. 
 Work with database administrators and developers to maintain and deliver the data warehouse to support business intelligence, reporting and analytics. 
 Assist in data modelling, ETL and integration activities in data warehouse. 
 Train customers, sales and support engineers in data reporting and analytical utilization. 
 Anticipate changes and future trends and implement enhancements and modifications to optimize business intelligence value and processes. 
 Support the development of business intelligence standards to meet business goals and anticipated growth. 
 Effectively and comfortably interact with upper management. 
 Operate under minimal supervision, with wide latitude for independent judgment to improve customer analytics. 
 
 
Qualifications 
 
 Deep experience with Tableau and general familiarity with other data analysis and visualization tools. 
 Knowledgeable in data modeling and warehousing with experience in SQL (postgres, mySQL, SQL Server) and as well as ETL tools such Pentaho as nice to have. 
 Familiarity or interest in food supply chain efficiency, quality management and traceability. 
 Good working knowledge of SaaS and enterprise IT environments, particularly around enterprise data security, ERP systems, and supply chain management 
 Strong presentation and communications skills. Ability to engage in technical sales and customer implementation activities. 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Ability to work independently and within the constructs of a team environment 
 
 
Education & Work Experience 
 
 3+ years of experience in business intelligence engineering and/or data science. 
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, busines intelligence or another comparable technical field. A master’s degree is preferred. 
 Enterprise SaaS software company experience a plus 
 Knowledge or experience in the food supply chain, including retail grocery a plus 
 
 
Key Benefits 
 
 Meaningful work 
 Positive “Can Do” Company Culture 
 Competitive Benefits Package to include Medical, Dental, Vision 
 IRA Account Match 
 Flexible Vacation Policy iFoodDecisionSciences 11 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at iFoodDecisionSciences in Seattle, WA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from iFoodDecisionSciences Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
