
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - San Francisco, CA 94102 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews San Francisco, CA 94102 Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description WE ARE COGNIZANT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
 
Digital technologies, including analytics and AI, give companies a once-in-a-generation opportunity to perform orders of magnitude better than ever before. But clients need new business models built from analyzing customers and business operations in every angle to really understand them.
 
With the power to apply artificial intelligence and data science to business decisions via enterprise data management solutions, we help leading companies prototype, refine, validate and scale the most desirable products and delivery models to enterprise scale within weeks.
 
 
 You must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship / visa transfer now or at any time in the future. 
 
 Job Title:  Data Scientist
 
 Location:  Bay Area, Austin, Boulder, Seattle, NYC are preferrable
 
 Time Zone:  Successful candidate should be able towork in Pacific time zone.
 
 Job Description: 
CUSP Workspace ecosystem analysis
 
Use Python to run statistical analysis of x-product usage data
 
Port data into existing d3 visualization and update the visualization as appropriate (go/cusp-meerkat)
 
Port data into sheets to share with stakeholders
 
Answer questions about how to use the data, and run analyses to answer follow-up questions
 
 CUSP dashboard:  update an existing plx datasite (internal tool) to include an extra year of CUSP data
 
HaTS dashboard frontend, including collecting requirements from a group of 30+ stakeholders
 Other visualization related to HaTS, CUSP, or other survey data
 
 Required Qulaification: 
Cloud computing (notebooks, colab),
 Python (data manipulation, ability to pick up other peoples’ code),
 Data Visualization experience.
 D3 + Javascript;
 Experience in scripting and extracting data with SQL.
 
#LI-PS1 #CB
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  May 21 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in San Francisco, CA Data Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cognizant Technology Solutions Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,074 reviews Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients'​ business, operating an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
