
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer - Cybersecurity Products - Foster City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer - Cybersecurity Products Visa 995 reviews Foster City, CA Visa 995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
As the world’s leader in digital payments technology, Visa’s mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company’s dedication to innovation drives the rapid growth of connected commerce on any device, and fuels the dream of a cashless future for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce. 
At Visa, your individuality fits right in. Working here gives you an opportunity to impact the world, invest in your career growth, and be part of an inclusive and diverse workplace. We are a global team of disruptors, trailblazers, innovators and risk-takers who are helping drive economic growth in even the most remote parts of the world, creatively moving the industry forward, and doing meaningful work that brings financial literacy and digital commerce to millions of unbanked and underserved consumers. 
You’re  an Individual.  We’re  the team for you.  Together , let’s transform the way the world pays. 
 
 Job Description 
We are looking to hire a Staff Software Engineer to join the Cybersecurity Products team, working out of Visa's Global HQ in Foster City, California. 
This Staff Software Engineer will be join the flagship Visa Behavior Analytics cybersecurity product and will be responsible for the engineering and execution of an industry leading-edge authentication product, utilizing AI capabilities of behavior biometrics and performing risk based authentication to protect against Account Takeover threats against Visa's critical business services and applications. Imagine a world where logging into your financial service account is secure, yet does not require your mother's maiden name, asks you to carry a hardware device, but uses Artificial Intelligence to determine your digital identity for secure authentication services. Come help build and secure that world with us at Visa. 
 
 Qualifications 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications 
Experience : Candidate must possess 4 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 2 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or 0 years of work experience with a PhD degree. 
Software Engineering background:  The candidate must possess strong software engineering skills and has completed projects (academic or professional) with at least 1000+ lines of code. Preferred languages are Go, C++, and Python. Experience in other functional or object oriented programming languages would be considered. 
Machine Learning:  The candidate must have knowledge of common ML frameworks and libraries Keras, PyTorch, Tensorflow, scikit-learn 
Preferred Qualifications 
Applied AI domains : If you have background in anomaly detection or behavior biometrics (keystroke dynamics, mouse/touch dynamics) or device fingerprinting technologies, that is a plus. 
Fraud and security triaging:  Background in investigating fraud or authentication related security incidents like Account Takeover (ATO) is a plus 
Degree:  Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field is a plus. 
Distributed systems:  Background in NoSQL technologies (e.g. Cassandra) and caching technologies like Redis is a plus. 
Cybersecurity background: Counter intuitive given this is a cybersecurity team role, knowledge of security related concepts is a plus but not required. 
Understanding of Linux networking subsystem 
Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes. 
Additional Information 
Work Hours: 
This position requires the incumbent to be available during core business hours. 
Travel Requirements: 
This position requires the incumbent to travel for work 0% of the time. 
Physical Requirements:
 This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, and reach with hands and arms. 
Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law. Visa 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Foster City, CA Jobs at Visa in Foster City, CA Staff Engineer salaries in Foster City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Visa Visa 995 reviews Visa Inc. is a global payments technology company that connects consumers, businesses, financial institutions and governments in more tha... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
