
 
 
 
 Engineering Technologist – Machine Learning/AI Analytics (Remote, US) - Orange County, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Technologist – Machine Learning/AI Analytics (Remote, US) Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Orange County, CA Remote Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Engineering Technologist – Machine Learning/AI Analytics (Remote, US) 
Competitive salary 
United States 
The Dell EMC Storage Product Management Team is looking for an extraordinary individual with a blend of deep technical skills and analytical thinking. This individual will be responsible for the thought leadership, solution collateral, and hands-on technical validation of our storage products in the analytics industry. This role reports to the technical product group responsible for Dell EMC storage products; namely ECS Object Storage and PowerScale Scale-out Network Attached Storage (NAS). 
The ideal candidate will be responsible for architecting, validating, documenting, and evangelizing proven technical solutions leveraging ECS object store and other Dell EMC storage products with analytic solutions such as NVIDIA, Dremio, Yellowbrick, Azure Databricks, Vertica, etc. Deep expertise with the analytic industry and analytic customer workflows is preferred, however, the candidate for this role will be focused primarily on characterizing performance of analytic customer workflows, testing workflow simulations at scale, and regularly generating white papers and other materials promoting Dell EMC storage products in analytic workflows. 
The candidate will support technical alliances with strategic Analytic ecosystem partners and find technical integration points, such as the automation of Dell EMC storage administration APIs, to develop more compelling customer solutions. The ideal candidate will articulate to potential Independent Software Vendor (ISV) partners the value of investing technical resources in testing and documenting solutions using ECS, Isilon, PowerScale, and Dell EMC products. 
The Engineering Technologist will work jointly with partners to develop test plans with clear milestones and delivery dates, invest hands-on time to build test environments, and document technical evidence in the form of reference architectures, customer case studies, performance white papers, and best practice guides. 
Key Responsibilities
 Design compelling solutions to real world technical challenges as they pertain to using ECS object storage, and other Dell EMC storage portfolio products. 
Test and validate technology partner products with ECS, PowerScale, and other Dell EMC portfolio products to establish compatibilities and validated solutions. Additionally, this role will be responsible for the ongoing quality engineering and testing of software that has already been validated with ECS, PowerScale, and other Dell EMC portfolio products. 
Drive thought leadership in the analytic community through multiple channels including industry events, creation of blogs, white papers, reference architectures, validated solutions, and similar influential means. 
Provide analytic subject matter expertise to Dell EMC product management, engineering, and strategic customers. 
Participate in the development of the overall Dell EMC analytic solution partner ecosystem strategy – including technology partner planning, Dell EMC storage product API integration with analytic applications, sales enablement planning, and go-to-market planning. 
Work with Marketing to publish and highlight customer wins through case studies, PR, and social media. 
Essential Requirements
 Familiarity with ML/AI/HPC (Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence/High Performance Computing) concepts and the applications that drive these technologies.
 Exceptional critical thinking skills, willing to ask questions, determine root causes, offer solutions, and help resolve complex problems across a wide variety of hardware and software platforms. 
Adept with installation, configuration, optimization, and networking of server and storage platforms 
Strong experience with data storage management, performance benchmarking, and performance tuning.
 Knowledgeable with the various network file sharing protocols and APIs such as NFS and S3. 
Ability to troubleshoot API-level interaction with cloud storage technologies. 
Aptitude to successfully install and operate complex equipment and application software. 
Proven ability to generate technical test plans, write technical documentation, describe workflows, and create precise technical illustrations. 
Takes initiative, is highly competent, demonstrates a sense of urgency, able to multi-task, is committed to quality, has a keen attention to detail, and requires minimal oversight. 
Ability to communicate respectfully and professionally with colleagues, technical partners, and customers when presenting technical materials, written and spoken form.
 Comfortable building materials for presentation. 
Capable of confidently represent and discuss technical concepts and complex information in easy to understand ways to one person or to a forum of thousands of people. 
Desirable Requirements
 Able to work closely with senior management, who works and thinks independently and productively, and constantly seeks opportunities to make a difference and be the best at what they do. 
Works efficiently with virtual or remote accessible technology. 
Self-administers daily tasks as necessary to accomplish goals within the required deadlines. 
Responds to inquiries from colleagues, technical partners, and customers as appropriate to provide technical guidance and represent best practice methodologies. 
Ability to create projects and implementation plans, communicate and coordinate with internal and external resources as needed, and ensure project complete successfully and timely. 
Preferred level of experience: 5-10 years deploying complex analytic solutions. 
Able to leverage Python scripting where possible to automate and work smarter not harder. 
Familiarity with administering and configuring Splunk and/or Elasticsearch
 Benefits 
We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. 
If you have a natural talent for communicating technical information to our customers, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell. 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here. 
 Job ID: R097911 Dell 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Orange County, CA Jobs at Dell Technologies in Orange County, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Orange County, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,403 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
