
 
 
 
 Senior Research Associate - Los Angeles, CA 90032 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Research Associate UAS Office of Sponsored Programs Los Angeles, CA 90032 Job details Salary $30 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Work Schedule:  This is a part-time position; up to 10 hours per week; non-exempt position. This position is not eligible for benefits. This is a grant-funded position, which expires on or before July 31, 2021, and is subject to renewal upon the availability of funding. 
Position Summary: 
The California State University Los Angeles is seeking a Senior Research Associate to collaborate with the AI and Data Science Research team in developing machine learning algorithms for multidisciplinary applications including computer vision. The main responsibilities of the Senior Research Associate are to oversee the conduct of literature reviews, collect and analyze data, collaborate with the research team and the project PIs in developing and implementing machine learning algorithms and Artificial Intelligence techniques and tools. The Senior Research Associate will collaborate with the research associate team and the project PIs in wiring research papers, reports, and future grant proposals. 
Requirements: 
A Master of Science or PhD in Computer Science with a focus on Machine Learning and Data Science 
At least 2 years of experience in Machine Learning, particularly Deep Neural Networks 
At least 2 years of experience in working with Big Data and Sequential Data 
Experience in Research and Development 
Preferred: 
Experience in writing research papers in peer-reviewed journals and conferences in the field of Applied Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, or Data Science 
The incumbent must demonstrate an interest or ability in working in a multicultural/multiethnic environment. A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the UAS. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current UAS employees who apply for the position 
Review of applications/resumes will begin on May 21, 2021, and will continue until the position is filled; however, the position may close when an adequate number of qualified applications/resumes are received. A cover letter and resume are required. 
UAS hires only those individuals lawfully authorized to work in the United States. Americans with Disabilities (ADA) requested accommodations should be made in advance to the UAS Human Resources Department. 
Cal State LA University Auxiliary Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. UAS Office of Sponsored Programs 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Associate jobs in Los Angeles, CA Senior Research Associate salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from UAS Office of Sponsored Programs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
