
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Weather and Climate - Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist - Weather and Climate BASF Corporation 2,928 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 BASF Corporation 2,928 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, citizenship, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, disability status, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Description 
At BASF , we create chemistry through the power of connected minds. By balancing economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility, we are building a more sustainable future through chemistry. As the world’s leading chemical company, we help our customers in nearly every industry meet the current and future needs of society through science and innovation. We achieve this through our commitment to continuous improvement and operational excellence, which gives us the opportunity to set and deliver on ambitious, long-term goals. 
 We provide a challenging and rewarding work environment with a strong emphasis on process safety, as well as the safety of our employees and the communities we operate in and are always working to form the best team—especially from within, through an emphasis on lifelong learning and development. This allows for our employees to innovate and generate new ideas, put them into action, and gain insights from them to further advance our collective expertise. 
And we are constantly striving to become an even better place to work. BASF has been recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of America’s Best Large Employers in 2021. We strongly support the spirit of collaboration through effectively involving team members and colleagues from other relevant units when developing and executing strategies and projects. Come join us on our journey to create solutions for a sustainable future! 
 Data Scientist (Weather and Climate) – Digital Farming (2101220) – Research Triangle Park, NC 
 Where the Chemistry Happens 
We are currently seeking a data scientist like you to join our Digital Farming Weather team in enabling farmers to improve and automate agriculture through advanced models, smart sensors, and artificial intelligence. Together with the agricultural and remote sensing R&D teams, we co-develop weather and agricultural data-driven solutions for addressing today’s complex crop production challenges.
 Qualifications - BASF recognizes institutions of Higher Education which are accredited by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation or equivalent 
Formula for Success
 Leveraging your education in the earth sciences, computer science, or a related discipline and your professional work experience in data science, including data wrangling, statistical models, and machine/deep learning, you will create novel hyperlocal historical and long range forecast agrometeorological data products. 
 Being well-versed in the Python data science ecosystem (NumPy, pandas, Dask, Jupyter, scikit-learn, PyTorch), geospatial libraries (rasterio, xarray) and formats (GeoTIFF, NetCDF, Zarr) as well as AWS cloud technologies (S3, EC2, lambda, SageMaker), will serve you well as you accelerate innovative weather and climate solutions across Digital Farming application areas. 
 Applying your knowledge of software engineering best practices, you will assist in data engineering of weather and climate data pipelines as well as in the serving of analysis-ready weather data to the R&D communities. 
 With your experience in statistical data analysis and data visualization, you will also perform weather and climate data analyses as well as create associated data visualizations to support organizational decision-making and product initiatives. 
 Using your good project management skills, you will work with stakeholders including the product, data and design teams to set project objectives, timelines as well as delivery pathways. 
 Create Your Own Chemistry: What We Offer You 
Adding value to our customers begins with adding value to you. You@BASF is the suite of benefits, perks, programs and unique opportunities we offer to support you—the whole you—in all stages of your life and career. With you@BASF, you create your own chemistry. 
The total rewards that you receive as a BASF employee go way beyond a paycheck. From competitive health and insurance plans, to robust retirement benefits that include company-matching contributions, to making sure you never stop learning, we believe investing in you is investing in our success. Working for a large, global organization, you’ll have a chance to grow professionally and personally, expand your network and build a rewarding and dynamic career.
 BASF provides interesting and challenging learning and development opportunities to help you make the most of your talents and your job. BASF 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at BASF Corporation in Research Triangle Park, NC Data Scientist salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from BASF Corporation BASF Corporation 2,928 reviews Welcome! We are BASF and we are happy to see you are considering us as an employer of choice. We thought we would take a moment to introd... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
