
 
 
 
 Senior AI Engineer / AI Scientist - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior AI Engineer / AI Scientist Mythic-AI San Francisco Bay Area, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About us: 
Mythic's platform delivers the power of desktop GPU in a single low-power chip, supporting inference for large deep neural networks. Mythic's technology is based upon an entirely new hybrid digital/analog flash calculation using 8-bit non-volatile memory arrays which has been under development since 2012. This step change in performance brings in a range of new applications in a broad array of verticals, including safety and security, autonomous vehicles, VR/AR, robotics and media. 
Mythic is a fast-growing company with 100+ employees, $86M in funding from top tier investors, and >$1M NRE revenue from two existing customer accounts. Mythic’s investors include Softbank, DFJ, Lux Capital, and Data Collective. 
About the role: 
Mythic’s AI hardware combines knowledge across many domains, including AI, compilers, computer architecture, analog circuits, and non-volatile memories. Mythic will enable the future of AI by building analog-compute hardware platforms that are 100-1000x more efficient than conventional all-digital systems. This vision comes together on the AI Engineering team, where our expertise is used to develop AI algorithms and models which are optimized for our hardware, as well as to provide guidance to Mythic’s hardware and compiler teams who are building our hardware and compiler platforms. If living at the intersection of AI and hardware sounds exciting to you, this role is for you. 
This team significantly impacts Mythic by: Developing reduced-precision mathematics techniques for neural networks and AI. This includes quantization into 8-bit and below, as well as modeling the impact of analog compute techniques. Working with computer architecture team on new compute units specialized for AI. Investigating new features for our compiler that leverage the adaptability of neural networks. Developing new neural networks that are optimized for our hardware products. 
This role is not location specific. However, candidates will be expected to keeping working hours in line with either Pacific or Central Time. 
 Here's what you will do 
Stay up-to-date on literature for neural network training and inference. 
Develop new algorithms, techniques, and neural networks to optimize AI for Mythic’s hardware. 
Develop and maintain high-quality rapid prototyping environments for AI. 
Develop and maintain high-quality production engineering environment for AI. 
Guide other teams (e.g., Mixed-Signal Circuits, Computer Architecture, Compiler) as to end-application impacts of their design choices. 
 Here's the background we hope you have 
BS in Computer Science/ML/DL 
7+ years of experience with artificial intelligence and neural networks. 
Comprehensive understanding of neural network fundamentals. 
Experience with training neural networks with reduced precision or other hardware-based limitations. 
Experience with programming languages such as Python or C++. 
 The following would be nice to have, but is not required 
PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field. 
Experience working at startups. 
Understanding of the state-of-the-art in the neural network space. 
Understanding of creating new datasets and eliminating biases. 
Experience working with machine learning, applied optimization, and/or statistical learning. 
Experience creating new computer architectures from the ground-up. 
Published code portfolio. 
Publications in the AI and/or AI/hardware co-design space. 
Experience with CUDA or Matlab. 
Strong communication skills, both written and spoken, for large and small audiences. 
 #LI-Remote 
At Mythic, we pride ourselves in creating a culture where all employees feel valued and appreciated for the diverse perspectives and backgrounds they bring to the team. We aim to hire smart people, give them the resources they need to do their job well, and then leave the rest up to them. We celebrate individual differences and encourage people to be comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work. At the end of the day, we are committed to building a diverse workforce where everyone belongs. 
Mythic is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. It ensures equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, national origin, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
We look forward to reviewing your application! Mythic-AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Mythic-AI in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Senior Scientist salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mythic-AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
