
 
 
 
 MRM Director of Artificial Intelligence Non Model Review and Challenge - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MRM Director of Artificial Intelligence Non Model Review and Challenge Citi 18,123 reviews New York, NY Citi 18,123 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The MRM Director of Artificial Intelligence (AI) Review and Challenge will report to the global head of Model Risk Management and will build and lead a new group to perform independent review and effective challenge across the lifecycle of Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) non-model objects. This role will ensure that all aspects of the lifecycle of AI/ML are subject to robust control and governance framework. This role will work or interact with other functional groups of MRM, first line sponsors who develop or use AI/ML non-model objects, Citi AI/ML COE, Compliance and Fair Lending, Internal Audit, and regulators. 
Other key responsibilities include: 
Support the development of a risk review framework for AI/ML non-model objects including policies, procedures, templates, and testing guidance to cover all aspects of the lifecycle of AI/ML non-model objects. 
Identification of the Citigroup AI/ML inventory leveraging the enhanced Senior Attestation processes, including assessment against the model definition and the AI/ML definition. 
Lead interaction with key stakeholders such as Citi AI/ML Center of Excellence, internal management of businesses and functions, internal audit, and regulators regarding AI/ML related matters such as AI/ML definition, training programs, and control and governance framework. 
Capacity planning, team building (hiring, training, coaching, and management). 
Oversight and execution of the independent review and challenge of lifecycle activities for AI/ML non-models. 
Partnership with peer MRM functional leads to ensure consistency and quality of execution on policy and procedures for AI/ML non-model objects. 
Qualifications: 
Advanced degree (Master’s and above) is required in the fields of mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering, AI/ML, etc. 
10 years+ experience in financial services 
Analytical expertise with AI / ML applications in banking or related industries 
In-depth technical knowledge of common AI/ML techniques and strong understanding of risks associated with AI/ML and corresponding mitigants 
Ability to develop and manage a team 
Ability to establish and manage processes and guidelines to ensure quality execution of policy and procedures for AI/ML non-model objects 
Ability to manage relationships with internal businesses and functions, control groups and external regulators. 
The ability to communicate complex analytical concepts clearly to management and broad audiences. 
- 
Job Family Group:
 Risk Management 
- 
Job Family: 
Risk Analytics, Modeling, and Validation 
- 
Time Type: 
- 
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. 
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. 
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review  Accessibility at Citi . 
View the " EEO is the Law " poster. View the  EEO is the Law Supplement . 
View the  EEO Policy Statement . 
View the  Pay Transparency Posting Citi 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Model jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Citi in New York, NY Model salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Citi Citi 18,123 reviews Citi is today's pre-eminent financial services company and was built to create a highly diversified financial services company that could... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
