
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Irving, TX 75063 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist 7-Eleven, Inc. 13,457 reviews Irving, TX 75063 7-Eleven, Inc. 13,457 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 Who we are 
Imagine working in a place where  continuous improvement  and  innovation  is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world. 
As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 67,000 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month. 
But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services. 
 At 7-Eleven the  entrepreneurial spirit  is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to  better serve the needs of our customers . 
 Today we are  redefining convenience and the customer experience  in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to  come make history with us . 
 How we lead 
At 7-Eleven we are guided by our  Leadership Principles . 
Be Customer Obsessed
 Be Courageous with Your Point of View 
Challenge the Status Quo 
Act Like an Entrepreneur 
Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude 
Do the Right Thing
 Be Accountable 
Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores. 
 About This Opportunity 
Responsibilities: 
At 7-Eleven, we are redefining convenience stores using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML). Our AI/ML engines are powering our automated inventory management, personalized offers, member loyalty programs, delivery programs, chatbots, and various data-driven business insights for our business and partners. 
We are looking for a  Data Scientist  who wants to join our exciting journeys ahead. You will be working with a team of industry leading data scientists and engineers. You will be exposed to large datasets and gain deep and end-to-end experience of AI/ML products and their business use cases. You will be able to work on many different types of problems ranging from marketing to order fulfillment, and apply techniques from statistical analysis to deep learning. 
Team principles: 
Open-minded yet assertive 
Be valuable (to peers, reports, partners, leadership) 
High quality work and elegant solution 
Radical truth and radical transparency 
Challenge and willing to be challenged 
Embrace data 
Work hard and have Fun 
Be patient – it’s a long road with ups and downs 
Push our limits and believe in yourself that you can do it 
Qualifications:
 
Qualifications: 
Soft skills: 
A quick and enthusiastic learner 
Strong ownership 
Self-motivated 
Strong communication and collaboration skills 
Entrepreneurial mindset – Skillful in approaching open ended business problems 
Strong data acumen 
Technical skills: 
Proficient in Python and SQL (must) 
Solid understanding of version control and software development principles (must). Sharing a Github repo with us is one of the best ways to showcase your skills in this area. 
Experience in advance analytics, large scale and complicated database and comprehensive data wrangling (must) 
Solid foundation in statistics 
Experience with cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc. 
Experience with big data 
Experience in Deep Learning 
#LI-NS1 7-Eleven, Inc. 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Irving, TX Jobs at -Eleven in Irving, TX Senior Data Scientist salaries in Irving, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from 7-Eleven, Inc. 7-Eleven, Inc. 13,457 reviews 7-Eleven Inc. is a Japanese-owned American international chain of convenience stores, headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
