
 
 
 
 Sr. Business Intelligence Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Business Intelligence Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 7+ years of work experience in data science, business analytics, business intelligence (BI), or comparable experience in big data environments 
 Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Math, Finance, Operations Research or other quantitative field 
 5+ years of experience in data mining and dataset preparation using SQL 
 5+ years of experience in data visualization tools like Tableau. 
 Experience in designing and building data infrastructure / automated reporting tools 
 Experience in partnering with business owners to understand requirements and develop supporting analysis to solve business problems 
 
Do you want to change the world? Alexa and Echo are literally shaping the future of voice recognition and cloud-based content/services. Alexa is the name of the Amazon cloud service and the brain that powers Echo, the award-winning and groundbreaking new Amazon device designed around your voice. Echo connects to Alexa, to provide information, answer questions, play music, read the news, check sports scores or the weather, and more—instantly. It's hands-free, and always on. All you have to do is ask.
 
To achieve this, we blend of a variety of disciplines (such as NLP, data mining, machine learning, big data, semantic web, graph stores, cloud computing) in an effort to understand our customers and the things they're excited about. To complement our complex algorithms and extensive data analyses, we create elevated and inspirational mobile and web features across the entire Echo system. We use artificial intelligence, data mining and usability studies to develop new features, and we test them through hundreds of R & D experiments a year. We want to make it easy for you to search for your favorite products, discover new brands you’d like, play your favorite songs or even replenish your fridge - and much, much more!! We are also incredibly intent on solving some of the most complex computing problems to be found in industry and academia, and we get to test our solutions in the real world every day. And most importantly, we relentlessly ask: "What haven't we thought of yet?"
 
As a member of the Alexa Identity team, you will enable Alexa to treat people as individuals and manage the preferences and resources they have shared with Alexa. You will help Alexa to recognize individuals, deliver personalized experiences, and measure impact on their overall engagement. You will have significant influence on our overall strategy by helping define these features, drive the system architecture, and spearhead the best practices that enable a quality analytics product.
 
A commitment to teamwork, hustle, and strong communication skills (to both business and technical partners) are absolute requirements. Creating reliable, scalable, and high performance data products requires exceptional technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science, and practical experience working with large-scale distributed systems. This person has thrived and succeeded in delivering high quality technology products/services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift quickly.
 
 Responsibilities include: 
 
 Develop new and innovative analyses to inform Alexa Identity product strategy and design. This analysis will determine approach and roadmap for key strategic initiatives. 
 Analyze relevant business information, and uncover trends and correlations to develop insights that can materially improve our product and strategy decisions. 
 Develop clear communications for recommended actions. 
 Establish new, scalable, efficient, automated processes for tracking and reporting on progress of initiatives. This includes causal analysis on feature launches and its impact on the business. 
 Use machine learning, data mining and statistical techniques to create new, scalable solutions for business problems. 
 Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Finance, Statistics or a related discipline. 
 10+ years of relevant work experience in data science, business analytics, business intelligence (BI), or comparable experience in big data environments 
 Proven experience in BI/DW providing strategic research, recommendations, and implementation in both business and technical roles 
 Familiarity with Amazon's cloud infrastructure including EC2, S3 and Redshift 
 Experience with Python or other relevant scripting language 
 Experience with relational database design and architecture 
 Strong interpersonal and communication skills. Must be able to explain technical concepts and analysis clearly to a diverse audience, including senior executives, and be able to translate business objectives into actionable analyses 
 Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects. 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
