
 
 
 
 Software Engineer (Leadership) - Los Angeles, CA 90066 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer (Leadership) Facebook 622 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90066 Facebook 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is seeking Technical Lead to join our engineering team. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working on a range of classification and optimization problems, e.g. payment fraud, click-through rate prediction, click-fraud detection, search ranking, text/sentiment classification, collaborative filtering/recommendation, or spam detection. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting and massive social data and prediction problems that exist on the web. 
Drive the team's goals and technical direction to pursue opportunities that make your larger organization more efficient 
Understand industry & company-wide trends to help assess & develop new technologies 
Partner & collaborate with organization leaders to help improve the level of performance of the team & organization 
Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create an effective feature roadmap 
Identify new opportunities for the larger organization & influence the appropriate people for staffing/prioritizing these new ideas 
Code deliverables in tandem with the engineering team 
Develop highly scalable classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning, data regression, and rules-based models 
Hold your own in technical discussion, be a subject-matter expert, and have strategic influence 
Experience leading projects with industry-wide impact 
Experience communicating and working across functions to drive solutions 
Proven track record of planning multi-year roadmap in which shorter-term projects ladder to the long-term vision 
Experience in driving large cross-functional/industry-wide engineering efforts 
12+ years of experience in programming languages (Python, C++, Java, or R) with a technical background 
Proficient with scripting languages such as Python, Perl, PHP, and/or shell scripts 
Experience recruiting and managing technical teams, including performance management 
B.S. Computer Science or related technical field 
8+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: large scale distributed systems, machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, NLP, data mining or artificial intelligence 
Experience with Hadoop/HBase/Pig or MapReduce/Sawzall/Bigtable/Hive/Spark 
Experience in shipping products to millions of customers or having started a new line of product 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Facebook in Los Angeles, CA Software Developer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 622 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
