
 
 
 
 Backend Platform/Data Engineer - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Backend Platform/Data Engineer Apple 10,185 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,185 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 6, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200210200 
Are you passionate about applying your deep understanding of Java/Python, Internet-scale distributed systems, data platform and machine learning technologies in creative ways? We at Apple’s iCloud Mail team are searching for an excellent Software Engineer that can play a role in continuously innovating on iCloud Mail experience. The iCloud Mail engineering team is responsible for building cutting edge infrastructure that supports our production mail service used by millions of users, sending billions of messages on a daily basis. The tasks include design, development, testing, deployment and support of mail infrastructure components focused on customized mail experiences, anti-abuse, using big data, machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies. 
Key Qualifications 
Minimum of 5+ years experience designing, implementing, and supporting highly scalable applications 
Excellent Java or Python development and debugging skills 
Proficient in building highly scalable real time services based on REST/gPRC 
Proficient in Event-driven architecture and messaging frameworks (Pub/Sub, Kafka, and/or RabbitMQ) 
Proficient in large scale data platform and data processing system such as Hadoop and Spark 
Proficient in designing, building, and maintaining large-scale, high-performance systems and frameworks. 
Proficient in various data stores: SQL, NoSQL, and/or key-value store 
Knowledge and experience building applied ML based applications highly preferred 
Ability to wear multiple hats, do whatever it takes ability and attitude. 
Nice to Have. Objective-C, some prior experience building iOS Apps. 
Description 
Consider joining a small team writing the software which provides mail services to iCloud customers. We are looking for an extremely capable engineer who has a strong background in building high-performance, scalable and extensible systems using big data technologies. In addition to crafting efficient, testable, easy-to-maintain code, you recognize the importance of writing functional specifications and design documents. Quality is number one in your mind, and you thrive on building comprehensive unit and end-to-end tests, not only for features you build but also for existing features that need more testing. In this highly visible position, the successful candidate will enhance existing mail systems while collaborating with cross-functional engineering teams, and also implement new customized mail experiences, in addition to preventing abuse of the system. 
Education & Experience 
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent 
Additional Requirements 
Excellent collaborative skills 
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills 
Strong attention to detail 
Comfortable working in a loosely structured organization 
Highly professional, with the ability to deliver solid work on tight schedule 
Understanding of internet mail systems a plus Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Back End Developer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Back End Developer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,185 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
