
 
 
 
 Sr. Developer Advocate - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Developer Advocate Rev.com 1,153 reviews California Remote Rev.com 1,153 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Position
 
Do you want to work at a high-growth company where your impact is seen and rewarded? Are you looking for the autonomy to do your best work? We are seeking a Developer Advocate to empower developers to innovate and build voice applications with Rev.ai's world-class ASR APIs. This role will report directly to the GM of Rev.ai.
 
Developer advocates have two main focuses. The first is to educate developers about Rev.ai and ASR through speaking at events, creating live and recorded video content, writing, appearing on podcasts, and other creative mediums. The second is to serve the larger developer community by answering questions and listening to feedback on forums, GitHub, social media, and Slack and Discord servers. You'll then take that information and share it with other marketing, engineering, and documentation teams at Rev.ai to help improve our developer experience. These two objectives also include collaborating with engineering teams, working on open source libraries, and building internal tooling and reporting applications. For all of these tasks, you will measure your impact both quantitatively and qualitatively and adjust course as needed.
 
Responsibilities
 
You will be the first to try new APIs and products. You're not afraid to roll your sleeves up to write code snippets and sample applications. Even better, you can articulate ways they can be improved to make all developers' lives easier.
 You will take complex topics and make them accessible to developers of different experience levels.
 You will educate the developer community via speaking engagements, meetups and conferences.
 
Qualifications
 
5+ years experience as a web, security or full stack developer.
 You are embedded into the NodeJS or Python community
 Once in-person events resume, you're able and willing to travel 30% to speak at events
 You are a strong independent contributor, but you enjoy collaborating with teammates and multi-functional teams
 You are comfortable learning multiple skills simultaneously and managing multiple projects at once
 Your passion for technology inspires you to explore your curiosity; you love learning new things
 You find a fast-paced, constantly iterative environment engaging and stimulating
 You can write and speak proficiently in English
 
Life at Rev
 
Rev is a profitable, growth-stage startup that specializes in meeting the speech-to-text needs of hundreds of thousands of customers annually through its unmatched combination of the world's most accurate speech AI and the world's largest community of freelancers working side-by-side.
 
Rev's suite of products includes transcription, captioning, subtitling, as well as a live-captioning app for Zoom video conferencing. Rev also boasts seamless integrations with YouTube and Vimeo, as well as custom APIs for enterprise clients who need novel speech-to-text solutions.
 
Founded in 2010 by five MIT alumni, Rev has raised millions of dollars in venture capital from top Silicon Valley VCs and experienced exceptionally rapid growth, both internally and externally. Rev was recently named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies and is a destination for the world's foremost engineers and speech scientists.
 
Our promise is to create great work from home jobs, powered by AI. Our vision is to transcend all barriers of communication. Joining Rev means joining a team of smart, passionate, and friendly people with different backgrounds, shared ideas, and similar goals. Oh, and tons of perks!
 
 Get Paid:  Be competitively compensated by a well-funded startup. Enjoy full benefits, options, and a 401k.
 
 Desk Budget & Office Equipment:  Rev will provide you with a new laptop. You will also have a budget to outfit your workspace.
 
 Make a Difference:  Be measured by your impact, not your effort. Help create real jobs for real people.
 
 Work Where You Want:  For most roles, be free to stay at home, come to the office, or work from a coffee shop.
 
 Have Fun:  Plan and participate in events like field day, baseball games, ski trips and happy hours.
 
 Stretch Yourself:  Learn new skills, talk to customers, drive product improvements, or learn to design. We will push you to your limits.
 
We encourage and celebrate different perspectives regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, age, race, origin, religion, caregiver status, disability, ethnicity, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Multiple points of view fuel our innovation and connect us closer to Revvers, our customers and each other.
 
Rev is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related conditions), gender identity or expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws and ordinances. Rev.com 's management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, access to facilities and programs and general treatment during employment.
 
 
 We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. 
 
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about our Privacy Policy for California residents linked here . Rev.com 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Developer jobs in California Jobs at Rev.com in California Senior Developer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rev.com Rev.com 1,153 reviews Rev is the largest and most popular voice-to-text service in the world with more than 170,000 customers globally. Recognized widely as th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
