
 
 
 
 Frontend Software Engineer - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Frontend Software Engineer - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
The Software Engineer role will be a part of a lean, nimble, full stack powerful engineering team. We value simplicity in both our code and our UI. We don’t believe in bloated teams or overly architected solutions; we opt for small, nimble players that work well together, iterates fast and achieves more as a high-powered team. Since we’re a small team, you’ll have the opportunity to work on virtually all aspects of the software and have a direct and immediate impact! This role will advance our cutting-edge data search engine and social profiling platform. The role will build scalable backend microservices, APIs and database structures using Node / Express / Postgres, etc. We have a service-oriented architecture, two client facing platforms, a web app, and a Chrome extension supported by around 9 other services (with an internal API to connect them). You will be at the core of every new feature, every product decision, and every touch point of our users. You will not be micromanaged and have full autonomy to design the architecture and engineer the features / products for scale. If you are a problem solver and enjoy having the ability to think creatively with your code, you would love being on this team. 
 
About Seamless 
Seamless delivers the world’s best sales leads. Through our product, we help sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and just won an award for #6 Top Tech Startup Company to Watch in 2021 by Purpose Jobs, Top 50 LinkedIn Startup, Best Place to Work in 2020, and Best Technology Company of the year in 2019 by NJTC! 
 
The Seamless Family 
We have an amazing culture and work environment that anyone would want to be a part of. We encourage a culture of positivity. We thrive off of continuous feedback and do whatever it takes to help our team and customers be successful. You will grow as an individual, professionally, and be able to see and feel the impact you are making to the growth of Seamless every day. 
 Duties / Responsibilities (your role):
 An interest in building UIs with modern tools like React, ES6, Styled Components, and Webpack. 
Design, Development, and implementation of scalable and performant Microservices handling large quantities of concurrent requests and data (initially this role will be responsible for frontend development but will also require backend, full stack). 
Creating JSON schemas and UX workflows that represent and support business processes to support hundreds of millions of records. 
An ability to think through customer requirements and quickly solve their problems. 
Regularly (and often frequently) shipping quality finished code - working in an AGILE/MVP format is key. 
Creating full features, relatively unsupervised - including strong communication with the remote team. 
Supporting applications across multiple platforms such as browsers extension, mobile, and web applications. 
 Skills / Requirements:
 Ideally 5+ years experience building high-quality products. 
Expert knowledge of modern frontend technologies such as React, ES6/7 JavaScript, Webpack, HTML, and CSS. 
Creating comprehensible documentation for new and existing features and functionalities. 
Experience interacting with internal APIs, and integrating with 3rd party APIs. 
Any UI/UX design experience is a plus. 
Experience developing Chrome extensions a plus. 
Experience with new React features such as Hooks is a plus. 
 You Fit Our Culture If You... 
Value autonomy and ownership of your work. 
Self-motivated engineer with the ability to work well with a small team of highly-driven / entrepreneurial Developers. 
Willingness to go beyond the standard “9-5” when needed. We love what we do, and often find ourselves working nights and/or weekends to get the job done. 
Possess an innate passion for coding, software development, and big data! 
Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Front End Developer salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
