
 
 
 
 IT Support Engineer - Provo, UT 84606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Support Engineer SUSE 23 reviews Provo, UT 84606 SUSE 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description IT Support Engineer 
Job Description: 
Objective  of the role 
Serve as an escalation point of contact for US timezone. 
Provide clear reporting back to the line manager ( content upon agreement). 
Provide Major Incident Management Support for US timezone. 
Serve as the first point of contact for customers seeking technical assistance, primarily via logging a ticket in Jira SD. 
Focus on US customer support enhancements – proactively propose , plan & execute. 
Ensure quality ticket queues management ( own queue plus other upon agreement). 
Perform remote troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions. 
Determine the best solution based on the issue and details provided by customers. 
Walk the customer through the problem-solving process. Communicate clearly. Update regularly on progress. 
Direct unresolved issues to the next level of support personnel or to the right resolution groups. 
Provide accurate information on IT products or services utilizing the documentation and processes in place. 
Record your activities in Jira SD in alignment with processes in place (ticket queue management and handling – including proper ticket triaging, prioritization, customer updates as per existing OLA’s , etc. 
Proactively follow up on open cases in your queue escalating timely to management for guidance if required. 
Pass on relevant and valid recommendations or suggestions by customers, share during team meetings or with your manager. 
Identify, suggest and engage actively in possible improvements on procedures. 
Support actively ongoing documentation efforts, building knowledge base articles. 
Assisting other teams as needed (Network/Engineering/etc.). 
Focus Area 
US time zone Focus 
Customer First - Understanding the importance of quality customer service in any business environment. 
Proven experience as IT Service Desk, Help Desk / Support engineer / technician. 
Tech savvy with solid O365 technical support experience and ability to diagnose and resolve less complex technical issues. 
Windows / MacOS technical support experience. 
Proficiency in English, both written and spoken. 
Team player, caring for team’s success. 
Work approach - willing to learn and proactively explore new things on a daily basis 
Job: 
Information Technology 
SUSE , the world’s largest independent open source software company, powers digital transformation with true open source technologies for the enterprise that simplify, modernize and accelerate traditional, cloud and edge solutions. SUSE collaborates with partners, communities and customers to deliver and support solutions that enable mission-critical business outcomes. SUSE’s container and cloud platforms, software-defined infrastructure, and artificial intelligence and edge computing solutions allow customers to create, deploy and manage workloads anywhere – on premises, hybrid and multi-cloud. For more information, visit  www.suse.com . Suse 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Support jobs in Provo, UT Jobs at SUSE in Provo, UT IT Support salaries in Provo, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from SUSE SUSE 23 reviews SUSE, the world’s largest independent open source company, provides unparalleled customer choice and powers digital transformation for th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
