
 
 
 
 Senior Applied Scientist - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Applied Scientist Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Cambridge, MA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 PhD degree with 4 years of applied research experience or a Masters degree and 6+ years of experience of applied research experience 
 3+ years of experience in building machine learning models for business application 
 Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language 
 Masters or Ph.D in Computer Science or Language Science 
 10+ years of experience working in ML, speech recognition, natural language understanding, computer visions etc. 
 Experience applying theoretical models in an applied environment, solid fundamentals in problem solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis. 
 Experience conducting analyses, and developing different types of supervised and unsupervised models for complex projects 
 Experience with defining organizational research and development practices in an industry setting. 
 Peer-reviewed publications in information retrieval, natural language processing, machine learning or related topics 
 
Alexa is the groundbreaking cloud-based voice service that powers Echo and other devices designed around your voice. Our team is creating the science and technology behind Alexa. We’re working hard, having fun, and making history. Come join our team! You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, architecture, and implementation of a cutting edge product used every day by people you know.
 
We’re looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive scientist to help build industry-leading conversational technologies that customers love. Our mission is to push the envelope in Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Understanding (NLU), Dialog Management, Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), and Audio Signal Processing, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers. As a Senior Machine Learning Scientist, you will work with talented peers to develop novel algorithms and modeling techniques to augment and enhance voice centric intelligent systems. You will leverage Amazon’s heterogeneous data sources and large-scale computing resources to accelerate advances in artificial intelligence. You will collaborate with other scientists and work in a fast paced team environment. Your work will directly impact our customers in the form of novel products and services that make use of speech and language technology.
 
 
 PhD in a relevant field 
 Track record of diving into data to discover hidden patterns and of conducting error/deviation analysis 
 Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations 
 Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc. 
 The motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment. 
 Experience with statistical modelling / machine learning 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Exceptional level of organization 
 Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment 
 Ability to think creatively and solve problems 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us speech-jobs Amazon.com 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Cambridge, MA Senior Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
