
 
 
 
 Sales Development Representative - Tulsa, OK - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Development Representative Atento Capital Tulsa, OK Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who are we? 
 
We are using artificial intelligence to reinvent the $500 billion hiring space with advanced applicant matching technology that predicts candidate success, before they are hired. 
This company replaces the resume as the first point of contact between an applicant and the company. Our platform compares all incoming applicants to a company’s current top performers, instantly showing them the best candidates to hire. 
 
If you are interested in intensive growth, emerging technology, and a vibrant work culture, this is the startup for you. We are poised for another big year of growth. Come disrupt with us! 
 
About this Role 
 
We are looking to grow our Inbound Sales Development team to help manage the ever-growing demand for our solution and to drive new customer engagement. 
The SDR role holds an important position at the top of the sales funnel for the entire company. The SDR is our customer’s first experience with us. You need to be able to make a great first impression, earn their buy-in regarding our value, and move them into the next stage of the sales process. Day-to-day, this means: 
 
Articulate our value to decision makers to assess buying interest 
Research accounts, identify key players, and generate interest through outbound calls 
Conduct high-level conversations with HR professionals and hiring managers 
Update prospect interaction in Hubspot to ensure efficient lead management 
 
About you: 
 
Above all else, all employees are united in our shared optimism, passion, and enthusiasm for the customers we support through our innovative product. In our daily work, we exemplify our values of grit, openness, empathy, impact, and curiosity. 
The ideal SDR candidate will have the organizational skills to handle lead flow and should have a strong interest in advancing her/his career in Sales. She/he should be a team player who comes into work every day with a positive attitude and strong work ethic. 
 
Why Work With Us: 
 
This is a full-time and fully remote position. 
 
Writing On The Walls 
 
Collaboration and communication are exactly how this company was built and will continue to thrive. As a small team, everyone at the organization has the opportunity to know each other and contribute their thoughts. Even the whiteboard walls that line much of the new office space reflect this mentality of collaboration and free-flowing creativity. 
 
We Believe in Each other 
 
It’s better to make errors of action than errors of inaction. To make breakthroughs, people need an environment where it’s safe to make mistakes and learn. We foster a workspace where different viewpoints are welcomed and every voice count—a place where everyone can ask anyone for guidance. 
 
 This company is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 
#HP_RX 
#EXPANDRADIUS_RX 
 
#EXPANDTECH_RX Atento Capital 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in Tulsa, OK Jobs at Atento Capital in Tulsa, OK Sales Representative salaries in Tulsa, OK Company Info Follow Get job updates from Atento Capital Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
