
 
 
 
 Engineering Manager, Looker Developer Tools - Santa Cruz, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Manager, Looker Developer Tools Google 3,878 reviews Santa Cruz, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
3 years of technical leadership and people management experience. 
 2 years of experience in software development. 
 Experience in analyzing and troubleshooting systems. 
 Experience with algorithms and data structures. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Degree in Computer Science. 
 A strong understanding of coding principles and concepts. 
 About the job 
Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. Engineering Managers have not only the technical expertise to take on and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As an Engineering Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our exceptional software engineers are just getting started - and as a manager, you guide the way. 
 
The role of an Engineering Manager in the Application Platform group is to provide consistent clarity, focus, and leadership. You will do this through building trust with the teams and individuals over time. Good leaders have a high degree of personal integrity, commitment, and consistency. You have strong design and architecture experience, a proven track record of leading, scaling and growing teams, strong operational skills to drive efficiency and speed, and strong project management leadership.
 
 Looker aspires to be a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that diversity of experience, perspective, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better product for our users. 
Looker is a unified platform that powers data experiences and delivers actionable business insights to employees at the point of decision. Looker integrates data into the daily workflows of users to allow organizations to extract value from data at web-scale. 
Responsibilities 
 Provide consistent clarity, focus and leadership to your team 
 Collaborate closely with other engineering leaders, product managers, and designers 
 Participate and collaborate in planning exercises (Bi-Weekly and Quarterly) 
 Mentor and coach team members to develop their skills 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Santa Cruz, CA Jobs at Google in Santa Cruz, CA Developer salaries in Santa Cruz, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
