
 
 
 
 Informatica Developer - Sandy, UT 84070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Informatica Developer Cognizant Technology Solutions Sandy, UT 84070 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Cognizant (NASDAQ:  CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.). Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 1000, and the Fortune 500 and we are among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.Our strength is built on our ability to work together. Our diverse backgrounds offer different perspectives and new ways of thinking. It encourages lively discussions, inspires thought leadership, and helps us build better solutions for our clients. We want someone who thrives in this setting and is inspired to craft meaningful solutions through true collaboration.
 
Informatia Developer- Full Time *This role is not able to offer visa transfer or sponsorship now or in the future*
 
AIA - Artificial Intelligence and Analytics Practice
 
This Practice that leads all initiatives surrounding incorporating AI into Customer Intelligence, Operations Intelligence, Product Intelligence, and Fraud Insights
 
 Location and Travel:  Sandy, UT or REMOTE
 
Create ETL design documentation and maintain overall design documents and deliverables.
 
Should be able to write technical design on the requirements, which can be used by the developers
 
Should be able to troubleshoot and identify the translation issues when data transferred from source to target
 
Cognizant is committed to veteran and military communities. Cognizant has been often recognized as a military friendly employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our business resource group Veterans Network assists our military associates in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence.
 
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  May 03 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 22 days ago original job Report job Informatica Developer jobs in Sandy, UT Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in Sandy, UT Informatica Developer salaries in Sandy, UT Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
