
 
 
 
 API designer - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search API designer Capgemini 8,227 reviews Chicago, IL 60606 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Deliver API schemas that are easy to understand and use. 
Produce API design and technical implementation documents for innovative applications that will ultimately change the way the banking industry operates. 
Remove residual risk from API by delivering reliable robust, resilient and secure software solutions meeting strict operational specifications on a timely basis 
Define application data and resource models such that the operations and relationships between resources are easily understood. 
Exhibit critical thinking to design solutions to solve complex business requirements via existing or new APIs 
Ensure all APIs adhere to the latest API standards to drive design consistency 
Support API developers with delivering highly performant, quality APIs 
Work with Product Managers to find creative ways to increase API usage and engagement. 
Understand and translate the business vision into API(s) and its functions 
Knowledge required 
Design and architecture of APIs and Microservices best practices 
Experience applying modern REST constructs while designing API interface design 
Technical expert in system integrations and data mapping 
RAML schema and API design 
GitHub 
Experience in Spring Boot, Spring Integration and MuleSoft 
Agile and scrum methodology 
Resource modelling 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL Designer salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
