
 
 
 
 Visualization Development Director - Beaverton, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visualization Development Director Nike 9,953 reviews Beaverton, OR Nike 9,953 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team 
 NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. 
Consumer Data Science Product Management
 WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR 
 We are looking for a Lead Visualization Developer that is passionate about designing products powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning. In this senior role, we’re looking for someone that doesn’t just provide a service to make our products beautiful, but more importantly, they help us discover the right products to build. We’re looking for someone that knows that customer experience is as important to customer value as is the underlying functionality of the product. 
What will you work on
 This person will development and own a program focused creating mock-ups and prototypes for data products to ultimately accelerate data science innovation. This will include translating data science results into data visualizations or user interfaces that business stakeholders and analysts will use. You’ll develop and implement robust data visualization and dashboarding solutions to enable business decisions, drive performance and lead to the accomplishment of strategic initiatives. Your work will inform the functionality of our AI / ML data products & model outputs just as much as the functionality drives design of data products. You will provide design recommendations to all of the touch points and interactions a customer will have with Consumer Data Science products throughout the products lifetime (inclusive of core design, ancillary, and auxiliary product components). Some of these data products will result in data visualizations or UI that business stakeholders and analysts will then use. Example projects might include Tableau dashboards for a newly developed metric, interactive visualization of merchandise clusters in D3, or a Javascript-based UI for interacting with a new predictive model. The aim of most projects will be to gain user adoption, begin influencing key business decisions, and then ‘graduate’ the code to an engineering team to be further built out. Additionally, you will develop, design, and share processes and methods to build out the design team on Consumer Data Sciences Product Management. This will include mentorship and coaching for visualization developers on the team. 
Who will you work with
 You’ll work closely with senior leaders, including product managers and data scientists, on the Consumer Data Science team from the very inception of ideas through the delivery and sustainment of data products while influencing design decisions at each step of the way. Consumer Data Science teams span across Product Design & Merchandising (Footwear & Apparel), Nike Direct (Core Commerce, Direct to Consumer, Nike Run Club & Nike Training Club), and Marketing and Brand (Targeted Marketing and Content). You’ll also plan an integral role in the Product discovery phase as you lead discovery interviews directly with customers to uncover explicit and implicit pain points. You’ll help mentor and coach other analytics professionals in utilizing best practices in data visualization. This role will be part of the Consumer Data Sciences Product Management team and report directly to the Director, Data Science Product. 
 
What you bring
 Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Business, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering and/or related field 
 8+ years of relevant experience developing dashboards, data visualization and self-service tools 
 Experience mentoring and coaching visualization developers 
 Experience with data extraction and analysis technologies such as Tableau, Power BI, SAS, QlikView, SQL or similar tools 
 Experience with data visualization technologies, including Tableau and D3. Broad knowledge of data visualization approaches 
 Demonstrated ability to lead customer interviews (internal and external), identify pain-points, and determine if / how artificial intelligence can / will solve the problem 
 Robust understanding of consumer products industry including industry participants, channels (eCommerce, brick & mortar, and wholesale channels), customers and market segments, and innovations 
 Good understanding of key topics in marketing science, data science, and applied analytics as well as emerging trends in market research, consumer insights, ecommerce, digital marketing, and mobile app development 
 Demonstrated experience as a product designer, ideally with a consumer technology product powered by artificial intelligence. Specific activities include developing prototypes as a canvas to communicate ideas, leading customer interviews, testing design ideas with real customers, etc. 
 Portfolio of work that demonstrates detailed attention to organization of information, typography, and color 
 Experience creating UI mocks and doing rapid full-stack prototyping of those mocks. Experience coding UIs in JavaScript. Ideally you know AngularJS 
 Follower of the data visualization community (e.g. Eyeo conference). Willingness to become a participant in that community if not already 
 Strong interest in learning more about data science and machine learning 
 Willingness to pitch in on any design or UX activity that might pop up 
 
 NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. 
NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Nike 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Director jobs in Beaverton, OR Jobs at Nike in Beaverton, OR Development Director salaries in Beaverton, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nike Nike 9,953 reviews NIKE, Inc. is the world’s leading designer, marketer and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
