
 
 
 
 Technical Operations Engineer - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Operations Engineer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
SUMMARY / ABOUT THE JOB 
Anduril’s Technical Operations team is seeking an Technical Operations Engineer to join our team. 
As a member of Anduril’s Technical Operations team, you will be responsible for enabling the success of Anduril’s customers by providing technical skills and expertise to Mission Operations and Engineering efforts. Your work will primarily be in the field, alongside our customers, executing site surveys, installations, sustainment, and testing. You will also be expected to support Anduril’s Engineering team by refurbishing and assembling hardware as well as participating in prototype development. 
 WHAT YOU’LL DO 
Desire and ability to provide industry-defining customer service for both external customers and Anduril colleagues. 
Mechanical and technical aptitude.
 Comfortable with hand and power tools as well as assembling hardware and solving hardware-related problems. 
Ability to independently identify a problem with a product, determine the cause, and execute an appropriate repair in the field under resource-constrained conditions. 
Experience developing and executing operational plans, preferably of a technical nature. 
Able to lead small teams in austere environments to accomplish technical tasks. 
Maintain appropriate records and inventories. Possess organizational habits and a willingness to define, follow, and improve process and work standards.
 Up to 50% Travel 
Able to lift and carry 70 lbs. 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export-controlled data. 
Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. security clearance at the TS/SCI level. 
 
 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Electrical/electronic skills (soldering, crimping, wiring, using multimeter/clamp meter) 
Comfortable obtaining data from software platforms using command-line tools: VPN, SSH 
Understanding of networking and/or radio frequency systems 
Prior experience in one or more of the following industries: Military (depending on MOS), Automotive, Aerospace, Wireless Communications or Fiber Optics 
 
 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Operations Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
