
 
 
 
 Analytics Consultant - San Rafael, CA 94903 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Analytics Consultant FICO 166 reviews San Rafael, CA 94903 FICO 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 Job Description
 The Opportunity
 “  As part of our team, you will work closely with our clients on customized projects to design, develop, and deploy state-of-the-art, data-driven predictive models to solve business problems using the latest technologies in data mining, statistical modeling, pattern recognition, and performance inference.”– VP, Analytic Consulting.
 What You’ll Contribute
 Design and develop state-of-the-art, data-driven exploratory analysis as well as predictive and decision models to solve business problems across the financial services industry.
 Build and evaluate predictive and decision models to be deployed in production systems, or for research. This includes the analysis of large amounts of historical data, determining suitability for modeling, data clean-up and filtering, pattern identification and variable creation, selection of sampling criteria and performance definition, and variable selection, and experiments with different types of algorithms and models, analyzing performance, to identify the best algorithms to employ.
 Set priorities and manage projects of small to medium scope; identify roadblocks and work to resolve them.
 Review project variances against deliverables; negotiate necessary changes without committing to the impossible, and engage in direct dialogue with client to achieve agreement on project outcomes.
 Adapt to changing environments, resources, and project demands.
 Establish appropriate model report format for communication with clients.
 Participate in pre-sales support and/or provide post-implementation support which may require travel.
 Create, review, and deliver formal presentations of work to clients.
 Participate in authoring white papers, proposals and publications. 
 
 What We’re Seeking
 BS degree in a statistics, engineering, mathematics, computer science, physics, operations research field (MS preferred).
 Related experience in predictive modeling and data mining with proficiency in analytic tools.
 Experience analyzing data in order to draw conclusions about data integrity, accuracy, and general relationships.
 Experience with facilitating and giving presentations.
 Ability to anticipate, investigate and analyze database and data processing problems to pinpoint cause of problems and recommend possible solutions.
 Ability to use Python and its libraries to manipulate data for purposes of model development and financial industry experience is a plus.
 Our Offer to You
 A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
 The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
 Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
 Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analytics Consultant jobs in San Rafael, CA Jobs at FICO in San Rafael, CA Analytics Consultant salaries in San Rafael, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 166 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
