
 
 
 
 Director, Business Intelligence Analytics - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Business Intelligence Analytics iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About iRhythm: 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 2 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answer.
 
 About this role: 
iRhythm is currently seeking an experienced, motivated Director of Business Intelligence Analytics in our San Francisco or Chicago office. This individual will drive the continuous development of an experienced, data-driven, analytical team that provides business thought leadership resulting in a competitive advantage. This individual will be strategically focused, have clear, concise, communication, with excellent presentation ability to senior leadership and the C-Suite - yet be able to roll up their sleeves and deep dive into a complex business issue alongside their team. Our work environment is fast-paced, with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience.
 
 Specific job responsibilities: 
Demonstrated leadership in hiring and retaining high performing, talented people with a strong emphasis on building strong and collaborative teams.
 
Socialize the team's work and maximize the team's ability to deliver high impact business insights, thought leadership and business consulting to stakeholders across the organization
 
Collaborate as a thought partner with the Senior Director to expand and execute on the vision and strategy for business intelligence at iRhythm
 
Engage with key stakeholders to create a roadmap to increase Tableau adoption and utilization across the organization. Own and manage the Tableau vendor relationship.
 
Actively contribute to the business intelligence strategic plan and roadmap for data architecture, data governance, master data management, BI environment and tools
 
Establish standard reporting and analytical guidelines and practices across the organization for both the BI team and cross-functional subject matter experts
 
Build strong partnerships across the IT and engineering business units to provide end-to-end analytical solutions and a robust BI environment
 
Excellence in coaching, mentoring and reviewing employee performance with the goal of helping employees and the team achieve their full potential
 
 About You: 
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Business, Systems or related required. MBA and a concentration in data analytics highly desired.
 
Minimum of 5 years leading and growing a high performing analytical team
 
10+ years of analytical experience with advanced Quantitative and Tableau skills
 
Track record of successfully driving change and delivering results in rapidly growing, ambiguous environments
 
Exceptional communicator across all levels of the organization; able to effectively tell stories with data and present findings to a non-technical audience
 
Strong critical thinking skills with ability to frame business issues and apply data analysis to support real-time decision making
 
Business leader with strong business acumen who has translational capabilities between data analytics and business questions
 
Demonstrated business experience providing thought leadership as a trusted cross-functional partner, preferably in a digital healthcare organization
 
Strong detail-orientation with a penchant for data accuracy and good grammar
 
 What's in it for you: 
This is a full-time position with competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO!
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more!
 
 FLSA Status:  Exempt
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Make iRhythm your path forward.
 
#LI-CB1 iRhythm Technologies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Analytics jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in San Francisco, CA Director of Analytics salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
