
 
 
 
 Client Success Manager - Montana - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Client Success Manager Farmers Edge Inc 45 reviews Montana Remote Farmers Edge Inc 45 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Client Success Manager - Montana 
 
Farmers Edge is a global leader in digital agriculture delivering cutting-edge solutions powered by a unique combination of field-centric data, artificial intelligence and complete integration.
 
 
Since 2005, Farmers Edge has been addressing the global challenge of feeding the world's growing population while reducing environmental impact. We are a diverse group of thinkers and doers, motivated by challenges, curiosity and bold ideas. The culture is the foundation of our company, connecting innovation and disruption with the passion that drives us. From the software and digital tools that we create to the conversations we share; the collective force of our team is influencing revolutionary changes in agriculture to bring new levels of sustainability and opportunity to farmers and agricultural professionals. 
 
Rapidly expanding worldwide, our focus is on creating a diverse environment of talented individuals. As we continue to grow, we are seeking a talented and driven Client Success Manager to join our team of Ag Tech professionals. 
 
 Territory covers Montana. Position to be based out of the Great Falls area but open to other nearby areas. 
 
 What you'll be doing: 
 
Reporting to the Regional Client Manager, you will ensure Farmers Edge growers receive and utilize the services provided in a timely manner to result in educated, satisfied clients that will re-sign year after year. As a Client Success Manager, you will be: 
 
Managing strong grower relationships on farm and through digital engagement
 Training growers on new features and updates of Farmers Edge products 
Upselling existing growers on Smart Solutions
 Collaborating with operations and sales teams, making sure workflows are in place to ensure growers are satisfied
 Responding to inquiries from growers and handling issues that may arise 
Working from home and traveling within the region to meet with growers (when conditions permit) 
This role could be a great fit for you if you are an ag professional with the ability to build relationships with customers that positively impact retention and increase sales .
 
 
 What you'll need to succeed: 
 
5+ years of sales and territory management experience
 Diploma or degree in agriculture or related field
 Strong understanding of farm equipment, precision agronomy, fertility, variable rate technology, and farming practices 
Ability to problem solve and work in an agile environment
 
Farmers Edge offers a very competitive compensation package. Salary is dependent on qualifications and skill. AgHires 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Montana Jobs at Farmers Edge in Montana Customer Success Manager salaries in Montana Company Info Follow Get job updates from Farmers Edge Inc 45 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
