
 
 
 
 Data Strategy Enablement and Intelligence Lead - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Strategy Enablement and Intelligence Lead Levi Strauss & Co. 2,684 reviews San Francisco, CA Levi Strauss & Co. 2,684 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION
 We’re a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
 Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we’ve used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi’s®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
 We continue to lead the industry with our Strategy and AI team which is focused on the digital transformation of the company using data, artificial intelligence, and digital technologies. We are looking for a Data Strategy, Enablement, and Intelligence lead to drive the company’s 1) data strategy and asset creation, 2) strategic data management, 3) data access, consumption and democratization, and 4) integration of business and artificial intelligence platforms.
 Key Responsibilities
 Develop a holistic vision and execution plan for data in service of business priorities and goals for:
 Harnessing of internal business systems, customer and consumer, transactions and interactions data across the enterprise; inventory and strategy for turning our historical assets into data, with phasing and prioritization
 Creating full view of Levi’s consumers through direct to consumer data, as well as franchise and wholesale partners, across channels, geographies, business models
 Enrichment with external data sources, including consumer demographics, mobility, hobbies, interests and preferences; weather/climate, news, economic models, epidemiological data, competitor moves, social trends, consumer sentiment; partnerships with data brokers
 Cultivation and sourcing of new, unused data elements (e.g., store camera images, customer service recordings, delivery truck sensors, social media, etc.)
 Implement standards, processes, and best practices for data capture, availability, quality, integrity and compliance, including:
 Holistic data management across functions and workstreams, e.g., commercial markets, functions (IT, Finance, HR), ERP implementations, etc.
 Identification and maintenance of highest-value, highest-risk data elements and establishing a “single source of truth” standard for most frequently used, valuable and needed data elements, but not beyond - for a practical use of limited resources and highest return on investment
 Systematic work with Legal, Privacy, and Information Security to not only ensure compliance with regulation globally but also differentiate LS&Co. as a Data and AI Privacy and Ethics leader
 Enable connectivity across data sources, repositories, and applications to:
 Address the current opportunities and challenges among business users across the enterprise in terms of ability to access, trust, and use data
 Automate data flows, monitoring, and catalogues
 Use real-time data as applicable
 Create consistent self-service tools and a smart start for data-driven decision making and outcomes across the enterprise
 Launch of an enterprise-wide discipline around data as a key objective for all associates throughout LS&Co. who each have accountability for capturing, refreshing, and enriching data assets
 Integrate past and present business intelligence metrics with predictions of artificial intelligence models in a seamless user experience. This includes:
 Rationalization and consolidation of business intelligence dashboards, tools and apps, for simplification, reduction of duplication and increased efficiencies
 Consistent data metrics, accuracy, and reliability across markets, functions, and initiatives globally
 A data store with access, search capabilities, online and mobile, and personalized experience for each LS&Co. employee by role, business needs, and user behavior
 About You
 Advanced degree in computer science, data science, information science or related field, business administration, or equivalent work experience.
 Fifteen or more years of experience in data and analytics, ideally in retail/apparel industry; strategy and management consulting experience helpful
 Five or more years of progressive leadership experience in leading cross-functional teams and enterprise wide programs, operating and influencing effectively across the organization and within complex contexts
 Experience in integrating complex, cross-corporate processes and information strategies, and/or designing strategic metrics and scorecards
 Excellent business acumen and interpersonal skills; able to work across business lines at a senior level to influence and effect change to achieve common goals
 Demonstrated leadership; proven track record of leading complex, multidisciplinary talent teams in new endeavors and delivering solutions
 Proven data literacy — The ability to describe business use cases/outcomes, data sources and management concepts, and analytical approaches/options. The ability to translate among the languages used by executive, business, IT and quant stakeholders
 Information strategy experience — Experience in strategic technology planning and execution, and policy development and maintenance
 Analytical skills — Outstanding analytical and problem-solving abilities
 Familiarity with business information generation and analysis methods
 Ability to effectively drive business, culture and technology change in a dynamic and complex operating environment
 Gravitas to develop a framework for information and analytics governance, as well as to sell and embed it in all levels of the business
 Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to explain digital concepts and technologies to business leaders, and business concepts to technologists. The candidate should be able to “sell” ideas and processes internally at all levels, including the board and investors
 Proven record of effective leadership, including the ability to balance team and individual responsibilities, build teams and consensus, get things done through others not directly under his/her supervision, and work ethically and with integrity
 EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
 LOCATION
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 FULL TIME/PART TIME
 Full time
 Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account. Levi Strauss & Co. 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lead Data Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Levi Strauss & in San Francisco, CA Lead Data Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Levi Strauss & Co. Levi Strauss & Co. 2,684 reviews You’re an original. So are we. We’re a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented
the blue jean in 1873, and we reinv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
