
 
 
 
 Consultant - Staff - Business Intelligence - Data and Analytics - Wealth and Asset Management - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Consultant - Staff - Business Intelligence - Data and Analytics - Wealth and Asset Management Ernst & Young United States EY is the only professional services firm with a separate business unit (“FSO”) that is dedicated to the financial services marketplace. Our FSO teams have been at the forefront of every event that has reshaped and redefined the financial services industry. If you have a passion for rallying together to solve the most complex challenges in the financial services industry, come join our dynamic FSO team! 
 Data has yet to be utilized to its fullest potential. Financial institutions are looking to build smarter and more efficient ways to operate their business, through new opportunities uncovered by their data. Our clients look to us as trusted advisors to provide insights on how to ingest, interpret, and manage their data. We specialize in business intelligence, advanced analytics, and information management. 
 The opportunity 
 We provide constant room for growth through client engagements and personal development. Our practitioners develop and lead innovative data techniques and methods, supporting both business and technology leaders. This role provides the unique opportunity to build a professional network, tackle complex data issues, and drive cutting edge approaches across industry leading clients and domains. The experiences you gain here will be more valuable than anywhere else. 
 Your Key Responsibilities 
 You will be part of diverse teams of professionals across different geographies to deliver a wide range of data and analytics services. You will be solving complex issues and driving growth across financial services. 
 Skills and attributes for success 
 Fostering an innovative and inclusive team-oriented work environment 
 Leading and coaching diverse teams of professionals with different backgrounds 
 Demonstrating in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge 
 Establishing strong relationships with the clients 
 Working in an entrepreneurial environment to pave your own career path 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 A bachelor's or master’s degree 
 Around 1 or more years of related work experience in banking, capital markets, insurance or asset management space 
 Practical experience using the following tools and technologies: 
 Advanced Analytics: SAS, R, Python, SPSS, MapR, Flume, Hue, Impala, predictive analytics , machine learning, artificial intelligence 
 Business Intelligence and visual analytics: OBIEE, MicroStrategy, Business Objects, Cognos, Business Objects, Spotfire, Qlik, Tableau 
 Information Management: Informatica, DataStage, SSIS, Talend, SQL, Hadoop, Hortonworks, Cloudera, Kerberos, Apache Sentry, Knox, Cloudera, Collibra, AWS, Legacy vendor software 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Ability to assimilate new knowledge 
 Ability to understand business challenges and translate them into value add analytics solutions 
 Excellent leadership and teaming skills 
 A willingness and ability to travel to meet client needs; travel is estimated at 80%-90% 
 Valid driver’s license in the US 
 Valid passport 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 A degree in computer science, engineering, accounting, finance or a related field; MBA or MS degree preferred 
 Prior consulting experience 
 What we look for 
 We’re interested in self-motivated and passionate leaders with a strong vision and desire to stay on the cutting edge of data technology and science. We are looking for individuals who aspire to build collaborative team environments and possess effective management skills while demonstrating in-depth technical capabilities and industry knowledge. 
 If you have a genuine drive for helping consumers achieve the full potential of their data while working towards your own development, this role is for you! 
 What working at EY offers 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus ten observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
 Support and coaching from most engaging and knowledgeable colleagues in the industry 
 A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world 
 Excellent training and development prospects 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 Join us in building a better working world. Apply today. 
 EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Ernst & Young 12 days ago original job Report job Wealth Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Ernst & Young in United States Wealth Manager salaries in United States Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
