
 
 
 
 Front End Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Front End Engineer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 BS or higher in Computer Science or equivalent experience 
 3+ years of experience in commercial UX/UI development 
 3+ years of experience developing web applications with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript 
 
The Amazon Macie team is looking for a front-end engineer to help build the future of the service. Amazon Macie is a security service that uses data loss prevention techniques and artificial intelligence to automatically discover, classify, and protect sensitive data in AWS. Amazon Macie recognizes sensitive data such as personally identifiable information (PII) or intellectual property, and provides you with dashboards and alerts that give visibility into how this data is being accessed or moved. The fully managed service continuously monitors data access activity for anomalies, and generates detailed alerts when it detects risk of unauthorized access or inadvertent data leaks. We are innovating new ways of building massively scalable and globally distributed security systems for assisting our customers with security and compliance.
 
We are seeking a Front-End Engineer with experience innovating on the visualization to present customers with both low and high volumes of data an intuitive experience. This position is with a recently released AWS service that is poised for big growth. You will also have the opportunity to shape the future direction of the product, working closely with a team of front-end engineers, software engineers and product management to deliver a fantastic customer experience!
 
Our team puts a high value on work-live balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 Experience with strongly typed programming languages (preferably Java) 
 Experience with agile development or similar methodologies for continuous development of product and technology 
 Proven ability to improve team practices, mentor engineers, and streamline processes 
 In-depth knowledge of modern JavaScript/TypeScript architectures and technologies 
 Experience with Amazon UI technologies such as OrangeBox or Polaris. 
 Data-driven and quantitative mentality. Always backs up ideas with facts 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role 
 
#ExternalSecurityServices
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Front End Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
