
 
 
 
 Customer Success Support Specialist - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Success Support Specialist - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
As a Customer Success Support Specialist at Seamless, you will manage technical and strategic questions from our customers, primarily over email and in-app messaging. Our platform provides sales and marketing professionals with real-time contact data using our search engine app, browser extension, and AI validation and verification. The Customer Success Support Specialist will need to quickly develop subject matter expertise in our product and services in order to help our customers get the best possible lead data and ensure their future success. 
We are currently accepting applications for the following states: Florida, Texas, Ohio, North Carolina, and South Carolina. 
 
 Apply today if you have:
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills Previous experience assisting a high volume of customers via email/chat
 The ability to learn and adapt quickly 
What you'll get to do everyday:
 Use a ticketing system for customer case resolution 
Assist customers, primarily through email and live chat to resolve questions related to our product
 Familiarity with inbound/outbound sales processes and search platform functionality 
Experience using the platform, Kustomer, is a plus.
 Experience partnering with product and development teams and subject matter experts, or working in a Scrum or Agile environment, is a plus. 
Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Customer Success Manager salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
