
 
 
 
 Operations Efficiency Manager - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations Efficiency Manager Ocrolus New York, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the Ocrolus rocket ship! 
Ocrolus is a  fintech infrastructure company  that transforms documents into actionable data with over  99% accuracy . Designed to streamline document-driven workflows and automate high-stakes financial decisions, Ocrolus is trusted by leading fintechs like  SoFi, LendingClub, Cross River Bank, BlueVine, Enova, and Plaid,  to name a few. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. Ocrolus has raised over $50 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others. 
We pride ourselves on being a dynamic, diverse team, unified by shared values of  Ownership, Optimism, Objectivity, Humility, Urgency, and Appreciation . We love what we do and the people we do it with, which is why we invite our team to bring their full selves to work every day. 
 Responsibilities: 
Identify efficiencies in our automated data capture workflows and present findings to stakeholders. 
Recommending and implementing changes to automate manual workflow processes and to challenge the “old way” 
Measure and track accuracy measure across clients and platform to increase automation and processing efficiencies 
Prepare cost-benefit analysis to quantify improvements and inform stack ranking 
Identify new opportunities to apply automation (in-house machine learning!) 
Quantify actual impact to implemented changes, post deployment 
Collaborate cross functionally and lead project by building operational business requirements and use cases for automation 
 Requirements: 
Solid experience with JavaScript and Web APIs 
Superior focus on data process performance, with a mentality of constant improvement 
Familiarity with the creation and usage of APIs 
Proficient in agile development methodologies 
Ability to write SQL queries is required 
Have experience with relational databases 
Know how to test your code 
Combination of engineering and finance background is a PLUS 
7-9 years of work experience preferred 
Attention to detail is essential 
Role will report to the Director of Strategic Operations 
 Our employees are incredible individuals - that’s the only kind we hire - and we’re committed to their well-being and supporting their efforts to become the best they can be, both at work and in life. This includes offering flexible working hours, unlimited PTO, Summer Fridays, an inclusive work environment (D&I Council), and wellness reimbursement for physical and mental well-being. 
We’re growing rapidly and were recently named # 1 Fastest-Growing Fintech Company on the Inc. 5000,  and  #1 Fastest-Growing Software Company in NY  in Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500. If you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance! 
Ocrolus is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Ocrolus 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Ocrolus in New York, NY Operations Manager salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ocrolus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
