
 
 
 
 Corporate Counsel, CNET - Charlotte, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Counsel, CNET Red Ventures 703 reviews Charlotte, NC Red Ventures 703 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Red Ventures uses cutting-edge machine learning / artificial intelligence systems to design and implement digital marketing campaigns and websites for some of the biggest brands in the world, as well as for Red Ventures owned and operated sites such as CNET, Metacritic, GameSpot, Giant Bomb, MYMOVE, Healthline, Bankrate, CreditCards.com, The Points Guy, and Lonely Planet. We are the best at what we do, which has made us a multi-billion dollar business that continues to grow rapidly both nationally and internationally. Red Ventures is a great place to work. Our culture is second to none, our facilities and perks are insane, and we give back to our communities.
 
Red Ventures provides services across many industries and as a member of our legal team you will have the opportunity to advise across a multitude of industries with unique business and legal considerations. With an environment that presents unique and evolving challenges, we need a talented, creative, multi-faceted Corporate Counsel who can hit the ground running. In this position, you will work closely with our business teams to push the needle forward as a partner in the deal. We are looking for someone well-versed in contract drafting and negotiation, and who can advise and guide our business teams on the best strategy for each situation.
 
Check out this video to hear more about this role directly from the team! http://bit.ly/RVCCDAY
 
 What You'll Do: 
Work with business teams to draft, negotiate, and execute commercial agreements (think marketing service agreements, affiliate relationships, enterprise IT deals, and SaaS arrangements, etc.)
 
Be a trusted legal advisor as part of the business teams' efforts to establish, evaluate, and expand new business initiatives, product development, and integrated marketing campaigns
 
Provide day-to-day legal perspective and business-oriented guidance - help spot legal issues and recommend practical solutions that appropriately balance risk management within business operations
 
Stay current on digital advertising and marketing law trends, industry issues, and novel approaches to legal services, and maintain a working understanding of digital technologies (you don't need to be an expert, but if we say "cookies," your first instinct shouldn't be "chocolate chip or oatmeal?")
 
Help increase effectiveness, and efficiency, of legal-business support through development of enterprise forms, contract playbooks, and legal compliance tools
 
 What We're Looking For: 
Juris Doctor degree from an ABA-accredited U.S. law school, and member of the bar of a U.S. jurisdiction
 
3+ years of solid, consistent experience working with business teams in connection with corporate legal matters (ideally all with one employer)
 
Core competencies in contract review, drafting, and negotiation
 
If you have industry-specific experience or interest, let us know! Acronyms and buzzwords that come up across our legal team include things like the FTC, TCPA, HIPAA, FCRA, CCPA/GDPR, IAB, SEO, CRM, paid search, programmatic, ad-tech/mar-tech
 
Red Ventures is a flat organization where everyone contributes – being ready and willing to roll up your sleeves on tasks big and small, and to seek out answers and resources when needed, will serve you well here
 
Ability to operate in a dynamic environment and navigate amid uncertainty with a can-do, problem-solving attitude is a must! We are not the legal team of "no" or ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ - instead we are equal parts risk identifiers and problem solvers. And if you can liven up your legal advice with some humor, that is a plus (and always encouraged)
 
 Who We Are: 
Founded in 2000, Red Ventures is a portfolio of growing digital businesses that bring consumers and brands together through integrated e-commerce, strategic partnerships and many proprietary brands including Bankrate, AllConnect.com and Reviews.com. Headquartered south of Charlotte, NC, Red Ventures has over 3000 employees in offices across the US, as well as London and Sao Paulo. For more information, visit www.redventures.com .
 
We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits program for full-time employees, including medical, dental and vision coverage, paid time off, life insurance, disability coverage, employee assistance program, 401(k) plan and a paid parental leave program.
 
Red Ventures is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or any other basis protected by law. Employment at Red Ventures is based solely on a person's merit and qualifications.
 
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with disabilities. This includes providing reasonable accommodation where appropriate. Should you require a reasonable accommodation to apply or participate in the job application or interview process, please contact accommodation@redventures.com Red Ventures 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Corporate Counsel jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Red Ventures in Charlotte, NC Corporate Counsel salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Red Ventures Red Ventures 703 reviews Red Ventures combines the speed and agility of a start-up with the technology power and reach of a global, multi-billion-dollar business.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
