
 
 
 
 Material Handler - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Material Handler Lambda 17 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our deep learning systems power cutting edge advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more. 
 
Lambda’s growing client list included Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and many more top public and private research institutions. 
 
Join us in building the future of Artificial Intelligence. 
 
About the Role 
 
We are looking for a self-motivated and professional Material Handler to join our warehouse department. If you are a hardworking individual who can complete tasks successfully with little to no supervision, then we are interested in you. In this position, you will be responsible for tracking warehouse stock, documenting orders, and storing merchandise. 
 
In addition to having excellent written and verbal communication skills, our ideal candidate must be able to demonstrate outstanding physical fitness. You will also possess in-depth knowledge of various warehouse machinery and equipment. 
 
 
What You’ll Do 
 
 Maintains inventory by identifying, labeling, and placing materials and supplies in stock; recording/creating location of inventory. 
 Move materials to and from loading docks, delivery trucks, storage areas, and manufacturing areas 
 Locates materials and supplies by pulling and verifying materials and supplies listed on production orders. 
 Keeping a well-maintained and updated account of stock and inventory 
 Prepares finished product for shipment by identifying, pulling, packing, crating, loading, and securing product. 
 Comply with all warehouse safety rules and guidelines 
 
 
Experience that’s great to have 
 
 Data entry, math and computer skills 
 Team Player 
 Excellent time management and organizational skills 
 Ability to lift/carry up to 50 lbs 
 Ability to operate computers and relevant warehouse management computer software 
 
 
Nice to Have 
 
 2-3 years’ experience in related field 
 
 
About Lambda 
 
 We offer generous cash & equity compensation. 
 Investors include Gradient Ventures, Google’s AI-focused venture fund. 
 We are experiencing extremely high demand for our systems, with quarter over quarter, year over year profitability. 
 Our research papers have been accepted into top machine learning and graphics conferences, including NeurIPS ,ICCV, SIGGRAPH, and TOG. 
 We have a wildly talented team of 30, and growing fast. 
 Our remote workforce, based on role, is across the U.S., with headquarters in San Francisco. 
 Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents. 
 Commuter/Work from home stipends. 
 401k Plan. 
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off. 
 
 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Material Handler jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Lambda in San Francisco, CA Material Handler salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
