
 
 
 
 NP Healthcare Business Development and Strategic Outreach Lead - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications NP Healthcare Business Development and Strategic Outreach Lead Amazon Web Services, Inc. United States Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree required. 
 8+ years of healthcare domain knowledge – especially health systems -- and technical expertise, including clinical, analytical and patient care delivery systems. 
 8+ years of experience in business development, sales, marketing, strategic communications, product marketing, consulting services. 
 5+ years developing and managing creative content. 
 5+ years of project management experience 
 
For over 14 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive, secure, reliable, and broadly adopted Cloud platform. AWS offers over 200 fully featured Cloud services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 60 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world -- including the largest enterprises with the most sensitive and private data, leading government agencies in intelligence, healthcare, and financial services, and the fastest growing start-ups -- to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, more secure, more reliable, and more cost effective. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com.
 Do you want to be a key part of a team focused on increasing the reach of cloud computing across the healthcare provider market? Within AWS Public Sector, the Non-Profit Healthcare is a rapidly growing, mission-driven business that is obsessed about serving the healthcare provider customers. We are seeking an experienced Business and Customer Development Lead to work with a handful of the largest and most innovative healthcare customers. The Business and Customer Development Lead operates within the AWS account team with a focus on execution. They combine business knowledge, project management expertise, and technical acumen to clear roadblocks and deliver solutions that accelerate the adoption journey for the customer. Our most strategic customers embarking on multi-year migration and adoption efforts need dedicated support to drive innovation ensure they successfully achieve their goals. You will execute upon a CXO relationship strategy within accounts, including working with the AWS NP Healthcare leadership team to develop executive business reviews, create and execute go-to-market opportunities, design and implement scalable mechanisms to meet customer-specific needs, develop sales plays and high value internal tools, and serve as an important contributor to a broader mission-driven team driving success with our healthcare customers.
 
Roles and Responsibilities
 The Business Development and Strategic Outreach Lead will collaborate with AWS NP Healthcare account teams and sales leadership to provide account management, sales and go-to-market support, and engagement strategies driving success for the health system customers and our business. Having strong healthcare domain expertise, particularly understanding the needs and cultural perspectives of U.S. provider health system customers, s/he will create and execute programs, artefacts, collateral, and strategies to accelerate engagement, nurture executive buy-in, and deepen customer relationships in our greenfield accounts. S/he will manage the design, creation, packaging, and delivery of customized sales materials, targeted call campaigns, training, education programs, workshops, deep dives, and immersion days to drive deeper understanding of AWS services, evangelize the benefits of AWS for healthcare providers at all levels of our customer organizations, and attract new health system customers.
 
Business Development and Strategic Outreach Lead possesses the ability to think critically, be self-motivated, and deal with large amounts of ambiguity. You should bring a cool head, solid business, operational, and technical background, be detail oriented, have excellent problem solving abilities, and be an exemplary communicator. You will leverage this unique skill set to influence your team’s decisions and help deliver secure and robust customer solutions. We love people who innovate, use data to make decisions, and can express themselves thoughtfully. We want you to be passionate about delivering a great customer experience, and love contributing to a team goal.
 
This person will create strong, clear, and compelling written and oral communication materials that drive our sales plays and customer growth strategies based on strategic sales initiatives identified by NP Healthcare leadership. S/he will set goals; schedule and sequence project activities across the NP Healthcare sales teams; monitor, manage, and report on all project activities and deliverables; develop and use KPIs to measure success; assess risks and anticipate bottlenecks; provide critical issue management; and balance trade-offs for projects. You will be part program and project manager, business development, go-to-market strategist and sales enablement to address special projects impacting our customers and our business, as needed.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
 
 MBA or advanced degree in medicine, computer science, engineering, mathematics, or measurement science or equivalent is preferred 
 Ability work under pressure; manage high levels of ambiguity with efficiency, positive outlook, and purpose; and meet deadlines on time. 
 Demonstrated experience presenting to all levels of technical and non-technical leadership internally and for external organizations 
 Solid understanding of legacy and emerging technologies in the healthcare industry 
 Leadership skills are key; exemplary verbal and written communication skills, proven ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations, and lead through influence. 
 CxO relationships and large network in the healthcare provider industry, especially health systems. Direct experience working within healthcare industry customers – especially health systems and other providers at the CxO/VP level – engaging, advising, and creating value for customers. 
 Strong knowledge base of healthcare industry trends and innovative technology services to support industry transformation, such as advanced analytics, machine learning and data science. 
 Analytical and data-driven, and ability to demonstrate balanced strategy and planning, and execution skills. 
 Demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling value propositions, and work cross-organizationally to build consensus. 
 Previous experience with AWS products and services 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us
 
 San Francisco, CA:  For all jobs located within the city limits of San Francisco, the job posting must also include the SF tagline listed below. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
 Los Angeles, CA:  For all jobs located within the city limits of Los Angeles, the job posting must also include the LA tagline listed below. Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $120,000/yr. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site. Amazon.com 8 days ago original job Report job Business Development Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Amazon Web Services in United States Business Development Manager salaries in United States Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
