
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Everstream Analytics Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Data Scientist 
ABOUT US 
Everstream Analytics enables companies to visualize, track, and mitigate risks in their supply chain. The Everstream Analytics suite of solutions enables intuitive visualization of supplier networks, tracks shipments across different modes and lanes, and permits near real-time monitoring of incidents capable of disrupting supply chains. 
Born at the world’s largest logistics company DHL and incubated in their Global Innovation Center, Everstream Analytics provides an end-to-end supply chain risk assessment and monitoring solution. Customers trust Everstream Analytics to ensure business continuity, identify critical hotspots to mitigate risks, and turn potential disruptions into a competitive advantage. Everstream Analytics provides companies a first mover advantage in detecting and verifying risks using both Artificial Intelligence and a human network of DHL employees in 220 countries and territories. Find out more at www.everstream.ai 
You can find us in recent news - Forbes, Wall Street Journal, WSJ Today’s Logistics Report , Supply Chain Management Review. 
 Thanks to our remarkable people we are at the forefront of change and bringing cutting-edge products and services to market. We cultivate a culture where resiliency, responsiveness and critical thinking are integrated into every aspect of what we do. If you share in our passion to revolutionize the supply chain industry with disruptive technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Everstream Analytics. 
JOIN OUR TEAM 
Everstream Analytics is looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data Science team. This position will report directly to the Chief Data Scientist. As a member of Data Science, you will join a dynamic team of people focused on our next generation product. We have an exciting opportunity to help shape how we use data to build models and generate actionable insights to give our customers a risk aware supply chain which will advance outcomes for the business and the industry. This role will partner closely with Product Development, Product Management, Risk Intelligence, and Marketing. 
POSITION OVERVIEW 
In this role, your focus will be to develop General Data Science models, algorithms, simulations, and experiments that bridge operational needs with strategic vision. You will spend time making tackling day to day decisions and strategic vision. You will learn current processes, build data backed solutions, automate solutions, launch your work to production, and audit implementation. In the simplest terms, we want candidates who have experience building models to solve  real  industry problems that have been deployed in a  real  production software environment and where the model performance was  really  important. 
***This role is permanently remote*** 
Principal Accountabilities 
Initiate the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms for preliminary data exploration, data visualization and preparation, model training, and algorithm validation and verification using a comprehensive range of software packages and programming languages 
Identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and/or exploit multiple structured data and unstructured data sets from various sources 
Interpret and evaluate the results of data science community's methods and models and/or algorithms, understanding the limitation and scope of the results 
Respond to difficult data science-related challenges in a timely manner while effectively balancing competing priorities 
Present information and results of analysis using data visualization techniques 
Basic Qualifications 
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering or a related field. Advanced degree is preferred. Equivalent work experience is also acceptable. 
2+ years’ experience in building and delivering predictive analytics models using advanced machine learning algorithms and techniques such as: classification, outlier detection, clustering, boosting, and neural networks. 
Good scripting and programming skills with experience using Python and other packages for data analysis 
Experience with analytical development tools including libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, PyTorch, and Spacy. 
Self-starter with a curious attitude and a willingness to learn and master new technologies. 
Ability to act easily in a global environment, with understanding of cultural differences and behavior. 
English: both oral and written proficiency, with ability to clearly communicate technical results to both technical and non-technical audiences 
Desired skills 
Experience with entity resolution products or a background in data matching theory and technologies. 
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, and Pig with experience in a Big Data environment. 
Experience developing applications in AWS. 
Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity 
We are committed to equal-employment principles, and we recognize the value of committed worksite employees who feel they are being treated in an equitable and professional manner. We strive to find ways to attract, develop and retain the talent needed to meet business objectives, and to recruit and employ highly qualified individuals representing the diverse communities in which we live. 
 RNgsarFStm Everstream Analytics 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Everstream Analytics in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Everstream Analytics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
