
 
 
 
 Contract Recruiter - Remote - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Contract Recruiter - Remote Archer Daniels Midland Company 1,146 reviews St. Louis, MO Remote Archer Daniels Midland Company 1,146 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Contract Recruiter 
ADM Human Resources 
This is a remote contract position
 
 
 About The Role: 
We are seeking a Contract Recruiter for our Talent Acquisition team in North America. To excel, you'll utilize your recruiting skills to research and network with passive candidates, be a creative problem-solver and establish strong partnerships with hiring managers. It's a fast-paced and dynamic role on an energetic and inclusive team where thinking about things in new ways is strongly supported. You'll also work on strategic projects to improve and innovate how we attract and recruit the best talent, because we know that there's always a better way - from generating a candidate pipeline to exploring artificial intelligence, you'll be one of the go-to individuals when it comes to handling the entire candidate recruitment process for your business/es. We're looking for a creative, driven individual who has strong interpersonal skills and also the ability to create and maintain lasting relationships with both candidates and hiring managers.
 
 
 In This Role You Will: 
Build solid relationships with hiring managers and develop a keen understanding of our internal skill sets and team dynamics 
Act as an ambassador of ADM and help create a strong employer-of-choice brand 
Use your knowledge of the competitive landscape to build recruiting strategies for open positions 
Own the full cycle recruiting process, including sourcing and closing all candidates 
Drive an efficient hiring process and maintain quality pipeline metrics via the ATS (Kenexa/Brassring) 
Job Requirements:
 2+ years’ experience as a full life-cycle recruiter is strongly preferred
 Experience with a temporary agency is highly desirable 
Experience with targeted sourcing strategies to find talent for niche roles or in challenging talent markets. 
Self-motivated with superior organizational skills, integrity and follow through. 
Experience in building sourcing plans for client groups 
You are able to work independently and with little supervision 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Relocation assistance is not available with this position.
 
ADM requires the successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen and a background check.
 
ADM is an EOE for minorities, females, protected veterans and individuals with a disability. 
 
 
 About ADM: 
 At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. Our breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give us unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverages, health and wellness, and more. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com. 
 Shift 
 First Shift 
 EEO 
 ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status.
 Ref ID 
 #LI-NA1 Archer Daniels Midland Company 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Contract Recruiter jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Archer Daniels Midland Company in St. Louis, MO Contract Recruiter salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Archer Daniels Midland Company Archer Daniels Midland Company 1,146 reviews At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
