
 
 
 
 Data Engineer - 0570 - Florida - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer - 0570 Miles Partnership 18 reviews Florida Remote Miles Partnership 18 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $75,000 - $85,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Details 
Level 
 Experienced 
Job Location 
 Remote (FL) - City Flexible, FL 
Remote Type 
 Fully Remote 
Position Type 
 Full-Time, Exempt 
Travel Percentage 
 Up to 25% 
Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Miles Partnership, we are passionate about travel and use the most effective, results-driven solutions to tell the stories of our destination clients and share experiences that inspire visitors. Whether it be a physical travel guide, a website, or a cross channel campaign everything we do starts and ends with data and it will be your job as a  Data Engineer  to support these needs across our organization. 
 2+ years of experience working with major cloud platforms such as Azures, AWS, and GCP.
 Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and BigQuery preferred.
 Proficient knowledge of programming languages such as Python, Node, and R with a focus on SQL.
 The ability to apply knowledge of SQL to mainstream BI (Business Intelligence) Platforms including, but not limited to Tableau, DOMO, Sisense, Superset, Good Data, Looker, and Google Data Studio.
 Familiar with the ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) process and interfacing with APIs. 
 An interest in applying Machine Learning (ML) and AI (Artificial Intelligence) to real world marketing problems.
 Well-organized and able to prioritize own workload and meet deadlines. 
 Ability to juggle multiple projects at a time and prioritize workload with limited oversight. 
 Works well in a team environment understanding organizational dynamics and the importance of communication priorities 
 Able to effectively manage relationships, both internally and externally 
 Possess strong customer service skills 
 Display sound organizational skills and computer literacy 
 Possess a careful attention to detail 
 Display a dependable, strong work ethic which is consistent with Miles Partnership core values 
 Able to work in a fast-paced, professional office environment with several concurrent deliverables 
 Demonstrate flexibility and adaptability in performing tasks and communicating/building relationships 
 Excellent verbal and written communication with both clients and co-workers. 
 Most importantly, the ability and desire to identify problems and use the resources at their disposal to find a solution to a problem with minimal direction. 
 
 Job Snapshot : The Data Engineer will be the backbone of the Miles Analytics team focusing on developing well-documented and repeatable data solutions across the company. Daily duties will include managing ETL pipelines, overseeing our data warehouse, performing ad hoc analysis, and iterating on all established processes to stay competitive with our data solutions. Outside of managing the data pipes, this position will have the responsibility of interfacing with internal and external teams on any data related items, as well as using BI tools to tell stories with our data. 
 Essential Duties: 
 
 Consults with Account Directors and internal teams to create, lead and manage the development of data solutions.
 Implements data solutions for our clients while also building internal data solutions and products for Miles.
 Documents and provides training on Miles’s data solutions to both internal and external teams.
 Coordinates with third-party providers as needed to determine necessary technical specs for integrations. 
 Manages daily/weekly/monthly data and dashboard deliverables.
 Develops and continuously improve internal procedures around data solutions. 
 
 Travel Requirements: 
 Occasional intra- and/or inter-state travel required, often requiring an overnight stay 
 
 Location : We are open to a remote candidate located anywhere in the US- relocation is not required 
 
 Salary Range:  $75,000 - $85,000 DOE 
 
 Benefits:  Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance, Salary Continuance/Long Term Disability Insurance, Life Insurance, Accident Insurance, Cancer Insurance, Teladoc, 401k, Flexible Spending 
 
 Paid Time Away from Work:  Holiday, Vacation, Personal and Sick Time, Parental Leave 
About Miles 
 Join a fun, collaborative, creative and passionate organization that offers their employees a variety of benefits, including: 
 401k matching contribution 
 Generous PTO compensation and a flexible work schedule 
 Paid company holidays 
 Paid volunteer opportunities and company supported charitable events 
 Comprehensive benefits package 
 Dynamic work day – never boring and never the same 
 Collaborative, creative and fun team environment with professional growth opportunities 
 
 Miles Partnership, LLLP is an equal employment opportunity employer. 
  http://www.milespartnership.com/ Miles Partnership 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Florida Jobs at Miles Partnership in Florida Data Engineer salaries in Florida Company Info Follow Get job updates from Miles Partnership Miles Partnership 18 reviews With offices in Sarasota, Fla., and Lakewood, Co., Miles Partnership markets destinations and hospitality businesses by working with stat... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
