
 
 
 
 Risk Analyst - Irving, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Risk Analyst Populus Financial Group, Inc. 11 reviews Irving, TX Populus Financial Group, Inc. 11 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description This position will require the candidate to work on initiatives including processing and analyzing complex datasets to generate useful business insights; developing reports to monitor strategic initiatives; supporting the leadership team with data consultation, data gathering, data analysis; and building predictive models, and other lending and marketing related processes. 
Major Responsibilities 
 
 Process and maintain large datasets for model development efforts. 
Support initiatives to create and calibrate predictive models, including model development, calibration, 
 documentation, and end-to-end model validation. 
Perform data tests with 3rd party providers to identify additional opportunities. 
Work with IT and various business units to deploy model and policies. 
Acquire a thorough understanding of customer prospecting, loan origination and optimization framework. 
Develop and maintain customer prospecting and pre-screening reports and perform ad-hoc analysis. 
Support all facets of the Risk Management Team with strong data analytic skills for critical projects around modeling, 
 credit policy and fraud prevention. 
Key Competencies 
 
 Proficiency with Excel, SQL 
Knowledge of SAS, Python or R a plus 
Strong technical and analytical skills with knowledge of business intelligence processes and data modeling 
Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communications with all levels of an organization 
Must work independently without day-to-day direction and excellent organizational skills 
 
Physical Demands 
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the major responsibilities. 
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand or walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; stoop or bend; and talk or hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 lbs. Must have appropriate vision to see up close, and at a distance with ability to adjust vision and focus. 
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work 
This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. This position might require long hours and weekend work. 
Travel 
N/A 
Work Environment 
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in some work environments can be moderate. 
Disclaimer 
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted, as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. 
EEO Statement 
Populus Financial Group is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local fair employment practices laws. In compliance with applicable law, Populus Financial Group does not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender or transsexual individual), national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, genetic information, pregnancy status, or any other protected classification. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotions, discipline, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment. 
Experience 
Required 
1 - 2 years: Data analysis experience 
1 - 2 years: Risk management experience 
Preferred 
Good understanding of statistics/economics models, knowledge in artificial intelligence and machine learning a plus 
Education 
Required 
Bachelor's Degree or better 
Preferred 
Master's Degree or better in Information Technology or related field 
Master's Degree or better in Computer Science or related field Populus Financial Group, Inc. 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Risk Analyst jobs in Irving, TX Jobs at Populus Financial Group in Irving, TX Risk Analyst salaries in Irving, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Populus Financial Group, Inc. Populus Financial Group, Inc. 11 reviews Populus Financial Group™ provides financial services through its family of brands including ACE Cash Express®, ACE Elite™ Visa® Prepaid D... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
