
 
 
 
 Software Engineering Manager, Engineering Productivity - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineering Manager, Engineering Productivity Google 3,878 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following:  Mountain View, CA, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience. 
 3 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience. 
 Programming experience in one of the following: Java, C++, or Python. 
 Experience with developing automated internal frameworks, increasing developer and release velocity, improving code health, and building developer tools. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or related degree. 
 10 years of relevant industry experience, with 5 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience. 
 Experience in the design, implementation and delivery of scalable build/test/release infrastructure. 
 About the job 
Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. SWE Managers have not only the technical expertise to take on and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As a SWE Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our exceptional software engineers are just getting started - and as a manager, you guide the way. 
 
With technical and leadership expertise, you manage engineers across multiple teams and locations, a large product budget and oversee the deployment of large-scale projects across multiple sites internationally. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. 
Responsibilities 
 Lead a team of Software Engineers focused on improving developer velocity, scalability, and testability of Google’s diverse project areas and platforms. 
 Provide technical expertise throughout the product life cycle including design, implementation, and delivery of scalable build/test/release infrastructure. 
 Create the next generation developer tooling and infrastructure for Google, focusing on productivity, testing, and release. 
 Define the team strategy and roadmap for the adoption of developer tools and test infrastructure for one or more products. 
 Collaborate with leadership and key stakeholders on a regular basis. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineering Manager jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Software Engineering Manager salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
