
 
 
 
 Senior ASIC Verification Engineer - GPU - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior ASIC Verification Engineer - GPU NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is seeking best-in-class ASIC Verification Engineer to verify the world’s leading GPUs. In this role, you will be doing unit level verification of the process scheduling and system interface hardware of the GPU. This position working across many NVIDIA teams from software, to architecture, design, methodology, and more. The GPU is used in applications from consumer graphics, through self-driving cars, to artificial intelligence, all of which you will be involved in and learn about. We have crafted a team of extraordinary people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the methodology for verifying the future of computing.
 What you’ll be doing:
 Work on a unit level testbench, working on directed and random tests and test infrastructure, and contributing to the future direction of the methodology for the testbench
 Partner closely with RTL and architecture teams to help refine the microarchitecture plans to ensure that changes to the design are verifiable
 Mentor junior engineers and new hires, and help to guide their growth and development
 Architect and plan the verification strategy and execution for sub-system features impacting your unit
 Support post-silicon validation activities
 What we need to see:
 BS or MS in electrical engineering or computer engineering or equivalent degree (or equivalent experience)
 7+ years of verification experience
 Exposure to Computer Architecture, ASIC design and verification methodology is required
 Strong ability with SystemVerilog, C and/or C++, test planning, coverage closure, and test bench design
 Understanding of object oriented programming concepts
 Strong communication skills.
 Ability and desire to work as a great teammate
 Good debugging and problem solving skills
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience with assertion-based verification, Semiformal Verification (SFV), Unified Verification Methodology (UVM), SystemVerilog checkers and scoreboards.
 Perl or Python knowledge
 Experience with multiple verification methodologies
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Do you want to work at the boundary of software, hardware, and forefront of technology? Would you love the challenge of creating the highest performance chips in the industry? If so, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
