
 
 
 
 Aviation Product Cybersecurity Specialist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Aviation Product Cybersecurity Specialist BOEING 8,242 reviews Seattle, WA BOEING 8,242 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Boeing Commercial Airplanes is seeking Aviation Product Cybersecurity Specialists to join our teams in Seattle and Everett, WA. The successful candidate will work with analysts to develop airplane level security assessments. The ideal candidate will have knowledge of cyber security concepts and techniques including network architecture, embedded systems security and PKI infrastructure. 
Position Responsibilities: 
Work on Advanced Security Features development of new concepts and technology that apply to commercial aviation products (including machine learning, deep learning & artificial intelligence). 
Assess risks, threats and vulnerabilities of the product assets and production systems in accordance with accepted industry, professional, and government standards to ensure security design integrity, availability, confidentiality, and regulatory compliance 
Develop security requirements and coordinate with different systems stakeholders. 
 Perform requirements verification on system security products using inspection, analysis, demonstration, and test methods. 
Coordinate with security testers to validate coverage and impacts to analysis. 
Support airplane certification through coordination with FAA and Authorized Representatives. 
Provide technical data and develop documentation in accordance with requirements and system security processes and procedures for internal reference and external delivery. 
 The position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee. 
Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience): 
Bachelor’s degree or higher in engineering or computer science 
At least 5 years of experience and coursework related to cyber security concepts and techniques 
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience): 
Experience or coursework in network architecture, security analysis, testing and evaluation embedded systems security and PKI infrastructure 
UNIX/LINUX System Administration 
Certification in any of the following: CompTIA Security+, Security Certified Network Professional (SCNP), Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP), GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP). 
Experience with Cloud technologies (Azure or AWS) 
Typical Education and Experience: 
Technical bachelor's degree and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or a Master's degree with typically 7 or more years' or a PhD degree with typically 4 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience. A technical degree is defined as any four year degree, or greater, in a mathematic, scientific or information technology field of study. 
Relocation: 
Relocation benefits are available for eligible candidates. 
Shift 
This position is for 1st Shift 
Drug Free Workplace 
Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies. Boeing 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Cybersecurity Specialist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at BOEING in Seattle, WA Cybersecurity Specialist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BOEING BOEING 8,242 reviews We are the world’s largest aerospace company and leading provider of commercial airplanes, defense, space and security systems, and globa... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
