
 
 
 
 Staff Research Software Engineer, Conversational Artificial Intelligence - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Research Software Engineer, Conversational Artificial Intelligence Google 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 10 years of software development experience in C++, Python, SQL, or 8 years with an advanced degree. 
 Experience in multimodal dialog systems. 
 Experience in Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Conversational Artificial Intelligence (AI). 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 
 15 years of professional software development experience. 
 Experience with AI Planning, Computer Vision, or other sensing technologies. 
 Experience with visualization tools and technologies. 
 Experience in relevant areas for advanced conversations such as context modeling, grounding, and advanced natural language processing. 
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
 About the job 
The Research team advances Google’s Artificial Intelligence philosophy by bringing research and solutions to solve the toughest computer science challenges. As a member of the Conversational AI Research Strategy team, you will help drive efforts around Conversational Research, work and collaborate with multiple teams across Google and become one of the architects of the future generation of conversational technologies. 
Google Research is building the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software engineers and research scientists. Google Research teams collaborate closely with other teams across Google, maintaining the flexibility and versatility required to adapt new projects and foci that meet the demands of the world's fast-paced business needs. 
Responsibilities 
 Understand and implement advanced multimodal dialog systems.
 Digest critical capabilities and limitations of existing systems, implement new modules, integrations, and strategies to further the dialog/conversational AI agenda. 
 Partner closely with multiple teams, technical leads, senior executives, and key stakeholders across the organization to deliver on key strategic efforts. 
 Understand and contribute to the long-term vision for Conversational AI within the organization. 
 Promote cross-organizational collaboration and enablement in Conversational AI. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Research Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
