
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Mission Capabilities - Cleared - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer - Mission Capabilities - Cleared ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
As a Senior Software Engineer on the Mission Capabilities team, you own the architecture and deployment of software solutions that support specific customer missions. 
Your efforts ensure that Anduril products seamlessly work together to achieve a variety of critical outcomes. Sentry Towers, Ghost Drones, Dust, Flux, and Catalyst are just a few of the Anduril products you leverage and extend to support capabilities such as Base Protection, Maritime Domain Awareness, and Counter Drone. 
 
 You expand the meaning of ‘full stack developer’ as you touch backend and frontend cloud components as well as distributed edge compute and raw sensors. Some days you write code to add a mission-critical feature to an existing product. Some days you go to the field to coordinate real-world testing of your new feature with other supporting product teams. Some days everything works beautifully. Some days nothing works and you have to figure out what’s broken. 
As a mission capability evolves from crazy-idea to demo to pilot to program of record, you advance the software solution to the appropriate level of functionality and robustness. You report into the engineering organization so that gaps are not just duct-taped over but actually fixed at the core. 
 
 Through every stage, you collaborate with and are supported by a variety of teams in engineering, operations, and business development. You make messy real world data understandable with the Perception team. You may temporarily embed in a product team or developers from other teams may embed with you in the Mission. SREs, Customer Success, and Technical Operations work closely with you to scale deployment setup, monitoring, and support. You work closely with account managers, product managers, and product teams to prioritize limited resources across ambitious goals and timelines. 
 What You'll do
 Own the software solutions that are deployed to customers 
Write code to improve products and scale the mission capability to more customers 
Collaborate across multiple teams to plan, build, and test complex functionality 
Create and analyze metrics that are leveraged for debugging and monitoring 
Triage issues, root cause failures, and coordinate next-steps 
Empathize with end-users to turn needs into features while balancing user experience with engineering constraints 
Travel up to 50% of time to build, test, and deploy capabilities in the real world 
 Required Qualifications 
Strong engineering background from industry or school, ideally in areas/fields such as Computer Science, Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics. 
1+ years building software solutions involving significant amounts of data processing/analysis 
U.S. Citizenship status is required as this position will require the ability to access U.S. only data systems and export controlled data.
 An active security clearance (Secret, Top Secret, TS with SCI) or equivalent
 5+ years of programming experience 
Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems and established code bases 
Leadership experience a plus 
A desire to work on critical software that has a real-world impact 
TS/SCI Clearance required 
 Preferred Qualifications
 Front end: TypeScript and React 
Backend systems: Go 
Sensor fusion and device integration: C++ 
Build tooling: Nix/CMake/Cargo 
Deployment tooling: NixOS/Kubernetes 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
