
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Researcher - Newport Beach, CA 92660 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Researcher Obsidian Security Newport Beach, CA 92660 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Obsidian makes SaaS security simple with an innovative, data driven approach to protecting the SaaS space. The company was founded by veterans in endpoint security and is backed by Greylock, Wing, and Google Ventures. The leadership team includes innovators from AWS, Carbon Black, Cylance, and Shape Security, where they have delivered enterprise-grade products to thousands of customers. 
Obsidian is seeking expert researchers to tackle a variety of problems that impact the bleeding edge of machine learning and artificial intelligence, with a focus on applications in computer security. We’re developing a team by drawing from the research fields in statistics, computer science, mathematics and related fields to help us achieve these goals. 
At Obsidian, our research team is at the core of our business. You will be part of a highly visible and agile team working on critical problems that directly affect the company’s success. As part of the research group, you will leverage your problem-solving and analytical skills to further our capabilities, as well as publish and present new and novel research. 
Specifically, you’re someone who: 
Wants to build and develop intellectual property through the research and implementation of new applications of machine learning. 
Works with internal product and engineering teams to drive development of new products. 
Has the capability to translate and implement newly published research on specific datasets and problems to validate approaches. 
Has experience wrangling large data sets and applying machine learning techniques towards real product and business problems. 
Invests time in research including publications, and is committed to keeping up with AI trends. 
Develops working prototypes of algorithms and evaluates and compares metrics based on large, real-world data sets. 
Qualifications: 
MS or Ph.D. in computer science, statistics, or applied math. 
2+ years of experience applying statistical/ML algorithms and techniques to real-world data. 
Familiar with programming languages such as Python, Scala, and Go. 
Designs scalable processes to collect, manipulate, present, and analyze large datasets in a production-ready environment. 
Experience with large volumes of data, algorithms, and prototyping. 
Experience with applying deep learning techniques in a production environment. 
Strong written and oral skills (in English). 
Obsidian has offices in both the Newport Beach and San Mateo, CA area. This position is open to both locations. 
Please only apply if you are in the United States, in the geographic areas and/or willing to relocate to the geographic areas. 
At Obsidian, we value diversity and freethinkers and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to submit satisfactory proof of identity and legal authorization to work in the United States. 
 
 eli1Ms6QQe Obsidian Security 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Newport Beach, CA Jobs at Obsidian Security in Newport Beach, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Newport Beach, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Obsidian Security Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
