
 
 
 
 Director, Partner Delivery & Installation SAN FRANCISCO, CALOGISTICS & FIELD OPERATIONS - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Partner Delivery & Installation SAN FRANCISCO, CALOGISTICS & FIELD OPERATIONS Tonal 2 reviews San Francisco, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
Tonal is looking for an experienced leader to scale and oversee the delivery and installation of Tonal systems by our primary installation partners into our customers homes. You and your partners represent the Tonal organization and brand when face-to-face with our members in their homes and offices-this is a critical operational and brand experience role within the company. You will be responsible for leading the network of providers, in order to reduce costs and improve the member experience, all while meeting the needs of a rapidly growing business. 
What You Will Do 
Own the in-home member experience provided by our primary partners, representing the Tonal brand across the delivery and installation process. Drive innovation and operational excellence around the techniques utilized for the installation of Tonal equipment in a diverse range of residential and commercial buildings, ensuring safe and successful installations. Source, onboard and build capability of new partners. Evaluate new partners, coordinate selection, drive supplier development, and ensure financial and operational capability. Design and implement approaches to checking and improving quality of installations in the field. Oversee the relocation and return of installed Tonal units when necessary, in consumer, retail, and commercial settings. Speak with Members in person, over the phone, across social channels, and in email when necessary. Everyone on our team works directly with Members to maintain workflow proficiency and stick close to the Community. Develop a strong knowledge of Tonal brand, equipment and AI-powered software. Develop managers and teammates. You manage with a coach mindset. You track and verify and provide deliberate direction. You create a team environment that promotes data-driven operational excellence, professional development, and accountability. Drive process improvements and efficiencies that improve quality and service levels, customer satisfaction, and cost performance. You and your team will regularly develop and analyze operational data to understand opportunities for continuous improvement. Organize the team to effectively track and highlight trending issues. Partner with internal stakeholders to deliver feedback and accelerate root cause analysis and solutions. Manage strategic as well as day to day relationships with vendors. This includes monitoring & communicating KPIs, readiness for new service initiatives and new product introductions. Hold vendors accountable to contractual terms. Partner closely with senior leaders in Customer Care to align priorities for logistics and for field operations. 
Who You Are 
An experienced leader who cares as much about delivering a premium experience as running an efficient operation. You expect the best experience, but you also anticipate issues and proactively thwart them. A strategic thinker with the skills to implement change and continuous improvement. You toggle between the high level vision and the detailed processes effortlessly. You embed yourself deeply in the operations to extract the insights needed for strategic improvements. An operational wiz that has driven superior results for install and repair operations. A solid grounding in process development and improvement, along with a willingness to embrace lean thinking, are critical. You understand the responsibility and intimacy of delivering a service in the Member’s home. You have prior experience directly managing a white glove home delivery transportation and installation network, or similar distributed field operations. You value metrics for ensuring process compliance and for measuring product quality in the field. You manage a large provider network and fleet of equipment through data dashboards you have configured to highlight key trends. You understand and can clearly articulate how backend processes impact the frontline Customer and Advocate experiences. Experienced in support / logistics tools required to build reporting and workflows in support of daily operations. You understand how system development works, particularly from a frontline support standpoint, and you can anticipate when backend field operations need to be surfaced to frontlines. A strong communicator with a commitment to quality. You deliver detailed information in a clear and concise way. You have hard conversations directly and confidently. You remain open to feedback and ask questions when expectations seem uncertain. You develop managers and skip levels with a player-coach mindset. Experienced in scaling operations at startups. 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Delivery Driver jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Tonal in San Francisco, CA Delivery Driver salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
