
 
 
 
 Adjunct Faculty, Graduate Information Technology - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjunct Faculty, Graduate Information Technology Purdue University Global 70 reviews Remote Remote Purdue University Global 70 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Job Title
 Adjunct Faculty, Graduate Information Technology
 Job Description
 Purdue University Global offers term by term, non-tenured teaching appointments to qualified individuals who are dedicated to providing quality educational experiences to students in Associates, Bachelors and Masters degree programs. This position offers an excellent opportunity for individuals to work in a professional learning community wherein faculty contribute to and engage in instructional best practice for adult learners in an innovative, nontraditional university setting.
 
 
 Key Responsibilities:
 Providing a learning environment that supports student success.
 Teaching synchronous or asynchronous seminars as assigned by school or program.
 Development and posting of the class syllabi in the class Message Board.
 Maintaining school-determined virtual office hours per week for each class.
 Ensuring timely management and response to electronic correspondence from students, administrators, and other school officials.
 Leading message board discussions and engaging students in relevant discussion and coursework.
 Partnering with Academic Advisors to address student concerns.
 Maintaining and submitting accurate and timely reports for student grades/progress.
 Delivering mid-term and final grades to the Registrar's Office according to the academic calendar.
 Enforcing student conduct policies as outlined in the University Catalog.
 Attending department and faculty meetings.
 Additional duties as may be assigned by the School 
 
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Doctorate degree in Information Technology, Data Analytics, Data Science, or Mathematics from a regionally accredited institution .
 1-3 years related experience in Information Technology, Analytics, Cloud Computing, Computer Science, Programming, Artificial Intelligence, or Machine Learning.
 Additional certifications in Information Technology preferred.
 AWS certification required for Cloud Computing.
 O nline teaching and course development experience are preferred.
 Experience with Brightspace education software is preferred.
 Exceptional computer skills.
 Ability to work effectively in a remote environment with minimal supervision.
 Location
 Remote/Nationwide, USA
 Additional Locations
 Employee Type
 Employee
 Job Functional Area
 Faculty
 Business Unit
 BU00115 Purdue University Global, Inc.
 Purdue University Global  is an Equal Opportunity Employer Purdue University Global 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Adjunct Faculty jobs in Remote Jobs at Purdue University Global in Remote Adjunct Faculty salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Purdue University Global 70 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
