
 
 
 
 Clinical Robot Operator - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Clinical Robot Operator Diligent Robotics Dallas, TX Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description What we're doing isn't easy. But nothing worth doing ever is.
 
We envision a future powered by robots that work seamlessly with human teams. We build the artificial intelligence that enables service robots to collaborate with people and adapt to dynamic human environments. Join our mission-driven, venture-backed team as we build out our customer-facing operations arm.
 
As part of Diligent Robotics' founding operations team, you will uphold the highest standards for safe clinical use of robots in real-world hospital environments. Through excellent communication and documentation, you will work alongside the hospital staff and our engineering team while operating a cutting-edge fleet of robots. As part of the founding team, you will help design and implement processes as the organization scales. Robot operators will solve unexpected situations that might arise during a shift, and work effectively as a team to ensure exceptional results to our hospital partners.
 
This is a full-time entry level role at Diligent Robotics. This position is located in Dallas and you must be local to be considered.
 
This is not an engineering position and a background in robotics or engineering is not required. If you have ever been an outstanding customer service representative at a cell phone or electronics store toggling between helping busy customers with their technical needs, you may be a great fit for the role.
 
 Your responsibilities will include: 
Monitoring and safely operating mobile service robots in a hospital environment (you will be onsite at various hospitals).
 Collecting data and troubleshooting in a variety of real-world situations, while simultaneously providing detailed and accurate feedback to our engineers.
 Prioritizing the customer experience, ensuring their expectations are always met or exceeded.
 Deploying hardware and software updates with remote engineering instructions and support.
 Communicating with hospital staff and, occasionally, the public regarding robot operation.
 Contributing to core development by solving bugs, improving robot robustness, and building the next generation of teleoperation tools.
 
 A good candidate would be, at minimum: 
An Associates degree holder or possess equivalent experience.
 Comfortable with software development and deployment cycles:  you can report issues and can quickly learn to use new software.
 An excellent written and verbal communicator:  you convey information to internal and external stakeholders in an organized and easily parsable manner through emails, bug reports, and in-person meetings
 Customer-service oriented:  you are friendly, skilled in the art of de-escalation, and an able juggler of customer demands and company needs.
 Organized:  you can juggle and make progress on multiple tasks simultaneously.
 Self-sufficient and whip-smart:  you get things done, learn what you don't know, and can make data-driven decisions independently, as circumstances require.
 Able to lift up to 40 pounds:  you are unfazed by the need to transport robot equipment on an occasional basis
 Flexible and willing to work different shift hours, including early mornings, nights, and weekends: you understand that our customers (i.e. hospitals) are open 24/7, that our robots must be running smoothly all the time, and that your schedule may shift as customer needs change over time.
 Willing to work during significant holidays:  you understand that our customers (i.e. hospitals) don't shut down during the holidays and neither can our robots.
 Willing to be vendor credentialed:  our customers have strict standards and employment will be dependent on obtaining vendor credentials, the process of which will include various immunizations, a background check, and a drug screen, among other steps.
 A safe driver:  you will be responsible for transporting equipment from remote locations to onsite deployments.
 
 The ideal candidate would be: 
 Responsive and responsible, especially when working remotely:  you commit to deadlines, err on the side of over-communication, and understand the challenges of remote work.
 Results-oriented:  you're happy to observe and take notes on end users interacting with the robot all day if that's what it takes to get data for product analysis.
 Vigilant about the details:  you notice when a checklist item is left unchecked and it gnaws at you until it's done.
 Passionate about healthcare and technology coming together to help people
 A video game enthusiast:  you will leverage your off-duty skills to become an expert at teleoperating the robot, when necessary.
 A budding techy:  you are the go-to among friends for fixing their technical problems.
 Formerly employed in the healthcare space:  you have an insider understanding of the vernacular, organizational structure, and operational processes of hospitals.
 Passionate and clear-eyed when it comes to robots:  you understand that there's a gap between technological reality and media-driven expectations and are excited about the opportunity to move the industry forward by whatever means necessary, even if it isn't glamorous.
 
 Benefits: 
Competitive salary and equity based on experience and contribution
 Opportunity to be part of our founding operations team
 Experience working with some of the leading experts in robotics
 Potential to radically change the future of healthcare
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
Remote-first interview process
 
Social distancing & mask guidelines in place for onsite meetings and work (eg. demos, hardware, in hospitals, etc.)
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Diligent Robotics 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Operator jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Diligent Robotics in Dallas, TX Operator salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Diligent Robotics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
