
 
 
 
 Allianz QS Lead US C2 - Minneapolis, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Allianz QS Lead US C2 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Minneapolis, MN Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
"Responsible for leading test efforts and test resources, including large complex QA projects/programs (multiple sub-projects) across functional areas or multiple systems. 
The ideal candidate for this position should be hands-on and will possess most of the requirements below. This candidate should be able to give an example for most of the requirements below from previous experience. 
Works closely and collaboratively with IT, Business Teams, internal, and vendor resources to ensure that projects are delivered with quality by adhering to standards, processes and procedures and applying industry best practices where appropriate. 
Coach and mentor other QA resources, and provide workload management support. Drives and implements opportunities to uplift QA capability. 
Understand that there will be changes to scope and adapt to Change. Guide the QA team to adapt and move the QA delivery forward for changes. Help the Project team understand QA effort and timeline variance for the change and be an advocate for correct QA processes. 
Provide high level and detailed estimations for new work, project current and future resource needs 
Ability to understand complex business and technical requirements. Work with the BAs and developers to get detailed information on requirements and design to help the QA team move forward 
Ability to work with teams in multiple time zones and join conference calls / meetings occasionally as early as 7 am Central time or as late as 7 pm Central time 
Requirements : 
Ability to come up with test strategy and test plans, create project QA reports, create a test closure / end of test report documents 
Conduct test strategy, test planning, defect triage and test closure meetings with various audience 
Understand Databases and data flows to help the team with set up of test scenarios / data when needed 
Understand job execution in CA Workload and help the team run batch jobs when needed 
Be an advocate for automation, Assess prospective automation candidates and provide guidance to project team on the benefits, Once approved, work with the automation team to get it implemented 
Plan regression strategy and work with the team to execute regression for each project 
Work with PMs on time management and get allocation for projects 
Understands data (SQL, ETL) and automation (Selenium in this area) 
Forward-thinker, understands new technology 
Team leadership is required, but this is not a coordinator/manager as the primary skillset 
Able to do hands-on work, but as an exception 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Minneapolis, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
