
 
 
 
 Senior Business Intelligence Consultant - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Business Intelligence Consultant Career Opportunities 9 reviews Atlanta, GA Career Opportunities 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Position Description: 
As a Senior Business Intelligence Consultant, you form the backbone of our consulting pool. You will be exposed to a little bit of everything, with a strong focus on databases, ETL, and data visualization tools.
 
 What you'll Do: 
Solve challenging business and technical problems.
 
Design and develop BI Strategies to include assisting with ETL, data modeling, data warehousing, cloud solutions, and building new reports and dashboards.
 
Grow in your career and enhance your technical abilities.
 
 What you'll need: 
5+ years of development experience.
 
Database development experience with a relational database (ideally Oracle or SQL Server).
 
Ability to build conceptual, logical and physical data models, data flows, and create data management.
 
Experience in Big Data / Data Warehousing at scale - Including but not limited to Hadoop, Snowflake, Google BigQuery, Azure Data Lakes, Azure Synapse Analytics, Amazon Redshift, AWS EMR
 
Some Cloud Experience in a major CSP (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)
 
Strong written and verbal communication skills to work with our team and our clients.
 
 Extra Credit: 
Agile methodologies and DevOps basics as they pertain to data
 
Cloud Technologies
 
Architecture basics of AWS, Azure or Google Cloud – i.e. compute, storage, and permissions
 
Understanding differences between VM and containers + knowledge of container orchestration technologies
 
Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning
 
Including but not limited to R, python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, AutoML, OpenML, Juila, Jupyter,
 
Understanding Data Warehouse vs Data Lake vs Lakehouse concepts and tradeoffs Career Opportunities 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Business Consultant jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Career Opportunities in Atlanta, GA Senior Business Consultant salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Career Opportunities 9 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
