
 
 
 
 Research Scientist or Senior Research Scientist - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist or Senior Research Scientist Analog Devices 361 reviews Boston, MA Analog Devices 361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect. ADI's analog, mixed-signal, and digital signal processing integrated circuits play a fundamental role in converting, conditioning, and processing real-world phenomena such as light, sound, temperature, motion, and pressure into electrical signals to be used in a wide array of electronic equipment. 
 The Analog Garage Research Lab in Boston, MA researches innovative and groundbreaking technologies for Analog Devices. The Algorithmic Systems Group within Analog Garage creates advanced algorithms in the fields of signal processing, computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligence, communication systems, and other areas of electrical engineering and computer science, and implements those algorithms in practical and efficient hardware. We are looking for Research Scientists and Senior Research Scientists to work within the Algorithmic Systems Group. 
 Research Scientists are expected to advance the scientific and technological state of the art. They will work in a collaborative and hands-on environment to solve challenging problems that arise from ADI’s diverse portfolio of applications. 
 Responsibilities include: 
 Create novel algorithms specialized for applications relevant to Analog Devices. 
 Develop software simulations and analyze performance of algorithms. 
 Lead or contribute to prototyping efforts. 
 Work with other researchers and engineers, inside and outside the Algorithmic Systems Group, to connect our work with the goals of business units throughout Analog Devices. 
 Stay abreast of state-of-the-art algorithms, and research advances beyond the state of the art in areas relevant to Analog Devices. 
 Qualifications: Assumes PhD degree or equivalent experience. Candidates should have a strong background in at least one of the following areas: signal processing, computer vision, machine learning and AI, communication systems, algorithm development, hardware engineering, or software development. This search is open to new Ph.D.’s as well as more experienced candidates. More senior candidates should have experience in organizing and leading technical projects. 
 For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process. 
 Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability 
 EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law 
 Education Level : Master's Degree 
 Travel Required : No Analog Devices 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Analog Devices in Boston, MA Research Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Analog Devices Analog Devices 361 reviews Dare to dream it, and we'll help you make it a reality. At Analog Devices, we invest in our people, so they can engineer solutions that s... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
