
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Scientist - Crystal City, VA 22202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Scientist Koniag, Inc. 23 reviews Crystal City, VA 22202 Koniag, Inc. 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tuknik Government Services (TGS)  is looking for an exceptionally well qualified  Artificial Intelligence Scientist  to support our government client in Crystal City, VA. 
 We offer competitive compensation and an extraordinary benefits package including health, dental and vision insurance, 401K with company matching, flexible spending accounts, paid holidays, three weeks paid time off, and more. 
 The Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC) is looking for a high performing candidate to fill an Artificial Intelligence Scientist position supporting the nation's new initiative to coordinate the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) efforts across the Department of Defense. This position requires an experienced person with demonstrated Artificial Intelligence technology expertise, a high level of technical expertise, superior professional demeanor, and the ability to learn and accomplish a wide variety of day-to-day responsibilities that ensure program success. 
 Essential Functions 
 Providing technical expertise in the selection, evaluation, and scoping of AI projects, use of commercial AI technologies, operationalizing products of government lab research, and advising on emerging tools, techniques and technologies in the field. Evaluating data and problem statements for the appropriate application of a variety of AI algorithms, maintaining up to date awareness of applicable developments within the field and the practical requirements of their application to production data at scale. 
 Holding meetings, interviews, field studies and discussions with mission users, customers, and co-workers to refine understanding of the underlying problem(s) at-hand to devise possible AI-enabled solutions. 
 Working closely with product management and domain experts to translate mission user requirements into complete and feasible technical requirements for AI engineering and product development. Providing technical advice and assessments of project risk and viability, including data and technology readiness, in support of product and requirements development. 
 Writing modularized, highly re-usable code in Python, Java, C/C++, Javascript, or other languages, as well as configuration and scripts to support prototypes and common reusable tools for use by JAIC products or the Joint Common Foundation. Developing and demonstrating prototypes of emerging data and AI tools. 
 Developing and demonstrating integrations of AI model development into software development pipelines to support secure, continued development and feedback from the field by integration into an AI DevSecOps pipeline bringing the most current industry best practices to DoD AI product development. Testing and demonstrating tools to integrate DoD and AI concerns into modern DevSecOps pipelines, such as Model as a Service (MaaS) deployments, multiple enclave / air-gapped network deployments, and model bias testing tools. 
 Preparing presentations, writing reports, building demonstrations, writing instructional technical material, and working to communicate technical results, recommendations, and requirements and to decision-makers, technical co-workers, and JAIC-external contacts with awareness of the appropriate level of technical detail, analytic sophistication, and formality. 
 Working independently and in a collaborative, dynamic, cross-functional environment with varied teams and projects. 
 
 Requirements 
 12+ years related experience. 
 Bachelor’s Degree required in a relevant field. Master’s Degree in a relevant field highly preferred 
 Deep systems engineering comprehension of the state of the art in large and small AI/ML implementations and the respective best practices and challenges. 
 Powerful analytical and problem-solving skills – including the ability to develop solutions in new and creative ways. 
 Ability to combine knowledge and expertise from diverse areas in new/unique ways to solve problems. 
 Strong ability to lead disparate teams from different groups form consensus 
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills. 
 Strong ability to brief senior executives with little notice. 
 Comfortable in a fast paced/dynamic environment. 
 Ability to function in an action officer type role when needed. 
 Must be a US Citizen, hold a current DoD Secret Clearance, and can obtain a DoD Top Secret/SCI Clearance 
 
 Working Environment & Conditions 
 This position is primarily indoors, consistent with a standard office position and has a noise level of mostly low to moderate. The incumbent is required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to manipulate, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. The work load may require the incumbent to sit for extended periods of time. The incumbent must be able to read, perform simple math calculations and withstand moderate amounts of stress. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move items that weigh up to 25 lbs. Specific vision abilities required for the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. 
 Our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer. The company shall not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity (except where gender is a bona fide occupational qualification), national origin, age, disability, military/veteran status, marital status, genetic information or any other factor protected by law. We are committed to equal employment opportunity in all decisions related to employment, promotion, wages, benefits and all other privileges, terms and conditions of employment. 
 The company is dedicated to seeking all qualified applicants. If you require an accommodation to navigate or to apply to a position on our website, please contact Heaven Wood via e-mail at accommodations@koniag.com or by calling  703-488-9377  to request accommodations. Koniag, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Crystal City, VA Jobs at Koniag in Crystal City, VA Scientist salaries in Crystal City, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Koniag, Inc. 23 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
