
 
 
 
 Researcher - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher Maxim Integrated 394 reviews Illinois Remote Maxim Integrated 394 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Want to make a difference and be challenged every day as part of one of the largest global semiconductor companies in the world? Maxim Integrated is a highly successful, $2.3 billion company with offices and manufacturing sites around the world. Within the next several months, Maxim Integrated and Analog Devices are anticipated to combine to create a company with $8B combined revenue, and enhanced product breadth and scope.
 Now is the time to beat the crowd and join Maxim today as part of a team that pushes the boundaries of what’s possible. This merger will create the dream team of the analog and mixed-signal market with a combined engineering talent pool of over 10,000 engineers.
 With the anticipated merger, you will have a significant opportunity for career growth with 15,000+ employees and $1.5 billion in combined R&D investment.
 From the day we first opened our doors in 1983, we’ve attracted and nurtured some of the best problem solvers, creative thinkers, and innovators in the business. We develop the high-performance analog and mixed-signal electronic products that are in the latest cars, smartphones, wearables, hearables, gaming devices, robots, factories, IOT devices, the cloud, and more.
 So what are you waiting for? Apply now to be part of this incredible future!
 Job Description Summary:
 Job Description:
 Job Description
 Maxim is seeking a Researcher with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning experience.
 Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:
 Develop , review, and test applications and libraries. There is frequent need to develop new application code, libraries, and APIs. This software makes it easier for customers to use Maxim’s products and often addresses customer/market application problems that can be quite involved.
 Evaluate n ew products. Hands-on lab work, both as an individual and with a team, is required to verify the performance and functionality of Maxim’s microcontrollers and supporting hardware. This includes understanding the system, developing test applications, and preparing evaluation reports and other supporting documentation.
 Develop application literature. Creat ing data sheets, lab reports, and application notes help the customer effectively use Maxim’s products.
 Support c ustomers. This could be described as doing whatever is necessary to secure a design win or sustain the business. Such tasks include, but are not confined to, direct customer support, evaluating and debugging customer code and applications, and helping the failure analysis and quality groups when they have problems or questions.
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Pursuing a Master’s degree or Ph.D in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or related field
 Computer architecture, software development, machine learning model design
 Hands-on experience with designing and training deep neural network models
 Education:
 Work Experience:
 Pay Rate Type:
 Salary
 Eligible for Relocation:
 No
 Eligible for Work Visa Sponsorship:
 Yes
 This position may require a deemed export control license for compliance with applicable laws and regulations; including but not limited to US Government International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), US Export Administration Regulations (EAR), or US Treasury Regulations. If required, placement is contingent on Maxim’s ability to apply for and obtain an export control license on your behalf.
 Maxim is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or protected veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. Maxim Integrated 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Illinois Jobs at Maxim Integrated in Illinois Researcher salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from Maxim Integrated Maxim Integrated 394 reviews Maxim Integrated develops innovative analog and mixed-signal products and technologies to make systems smaller and smarter, with enhanced... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
