
 
 
 
 Project Manager, Content LOS ANGELES, CACONTENT - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Manager, Content LOS ANGELES, CACONTENT Tonal 2 reviews Los Angeles, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
Tonal is looking for a creative professional, passionate about health and fitness to help create new and innovative products. 
You will work on a diverse and growing creative and production team, focused on inventing a brand new form of production. We’re a “full-stack” video team with studio production, editors and producers all in-house. We focus on innovation, organization and extremely high quality, stretching what we’re doing creatively while being extremely detail-oriented along the way. 
What You Will Do 
Work closely with Director of Content to determine and define project objectives, scopes and deadlines Identify what resources are needed to successfully execute projects within the content department Establish timelines, track progress and identify any delays in projects before they occur Detailed planning and reporting of weekly and quarterly content releases Provide project updates to various stakeholders within the content team and cross-functionally Strategically and tactfully communicate next steps with thoughtful timelines to internal stakeholders On occasion, engage external vendors and manage those relationships for additional support on a project basis Perform post-mortems for each project so that we may refine our process from one to the next 
Who You Are 
2-5 years of experience in a project management role Experience working with creatives and talent Excellent project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects (video and/or TV a huge plus) simultaneously and prioritize workload Can work independently (self-starting) and within a team and have the ability to collaborate and take direction Ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines Very high attention-to-detail and organization Proven track record of developing and refining processes Experience using project management tools (Coda, Smartsheets, JIRA, etc.) 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Project Manager jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Tonal in Los Angeles, CA Project Manager salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
