
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Systems - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Systems ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
We are extraordinary problem solvers, teammates, get-stuff-done-ers, and people who care deeply about our work. We come from all types of backgrounds, and we are committed to removing any and all barriers that might exclude someone from feeling like they belong at Anduril. 
About the role: 
Anduril is developing a fleet of autonomous robotics systems to tackle the most significant security challenges of America and her allies. Our Systems Software Engineers work on the infrastructure that powers our deployed systems. We develop embedded devices, fine-tune operating systems, and analyze the performance of our devices running on land, sea, and air. Our strong focus on customer security is reflected in our software, networking protocols, build systems, and testing procedures. In this role you will work on a wide variety of systems software engineering tasks at Anduril. 
You will be responsible for the full lifecycle of software development projects, from implementation, packaging, automated testing, field testing, deployment support, and ongoing maintenance. 
 What You'll Do: 
Implement driver software for robotics peripherals and sensors 
Bring-up and test of prototype computer hardware 
Work with mechanical and electrical engineers to define requirements for new products 
Craft reproducible software build systems 
Craft and implement networking protocols 
Measure and improve system performance 
Create hardware diagnostic, testing, and simulation tools 
Provide operational support for production deployments 
Review and improve product security 
Write embedded microcontroller program code and build systems 
Create web service software 
 Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, etc., or equivalent experience 
Broad interest in a variety of computer technology topics 
Excellent algorithmic problem solving abilities 
Interest in creating reliable, secure, and testable systems software 
Experience or interest in any of: Go, C++, Rust, Linux, NixOS 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data. 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Software Developer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
