
 
 
 
 Tenured/Tenure-track faculty position in Robotics in Construction, Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Computing in Civil and Environmental Systems - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenured/Tenure-track faculty position in Robotics in Construction, Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Computing in Civil and Environmental Systems Florida International University 832 reviews Miami, FL Florida International University 832 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Information 
 
 The Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering (CEE) at Florida International University (FIU) invites applicants for an open-rank, tenure-track faculty position in the field of Robotics in Construction, Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Computing in Civil and Environmental Systems. The successful candidate will exhibit the ability to articulate a coherent agenda of research and scholarship and to identify potential funding sources to support such research. We particularly seek individuals pursuing innovative, world-class, quantitative research contributions with engineering solutions that enhance community resilience and significantly impact the planning, design, operations, and control of civil and environmental engineering systems. The successful candidate is expected to foster innovations in robotic construction to enhance resilience and sustainability of the built environment and improve infrastructure performance under natural and human-induced stressors, both in the short-terms and long-terms. Pursuing research in the area of adaption under changing climate using construction automation is also highly desirable. A demonstrated potential or record of teaching and mentoring students in resilient, smart and recoverable infrastructure and in courses that complement the CEE undergraduate and graduate curricula, including the development of new enriching courses is expected. 
 
Applicants should preferably have fundamental knowledge in Robotics, AI, Machine Learning and Computing. Applicants should have working knowledge in engineering fields related to the built environments, and expertise in civil, environmental, or construction engineering will be positively considered. 
 
Applicants should preferably hold a B.S. or Ph.D. degree in Civil Engineering or a closely related discipline such as construction, electrical, mechanical, and computer science applicable to construction robotics. 
Candidates must have completed their Ph.D. at the time of employment. Evidence of research/scholarship is required. Industrial experience is a plus. Registration as a Professional Engineer in Florida (or the ability to obtain such licensure within four years of employment) is preferred. Responsibilities will include teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate levels in the civil engineering curriculum, directing graduate students, and establishing an externally funded research program in the area. 
 
Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply to Job Opening  522905  at  facultycareers.fiu.edu  and attach a single pdf file that includes cover letter, curriculum vitae, statements of research interests, teaching philosophy, and diversity, copies of a maximum of 3 representative research publications, and contact information for 3 (for assistant level applicants) and 5 (for associate/full level applicants) references. 
 
The research statement should include how the applicants expertise can be applied to the built environment and civil construction. 
To receive full consideration, applications should be received by June 30, 2021. Review will continue until the positions are filled. 
 
Departmental Requirements 
 
 Applicants should preferably hold a B.S 
 
 
Desired Qualifications 
 
 Ph.D. degree in Civil Engineering or a closely related discipline such as construction, electrical, mechanical, and computer science applicable to construction robotics. 
 
Job Category 
 
 Faculty 
 
Pre-Employment Requirements 
 
 Criminal Background Check 
 
How To Apply 
 
 Prospective Employee 
If you have not created a registered account, you will be asked to create a username and password for use of the system. It is recommended that you provide an active/valid e-mail account as that will be the main source of communication regarding your status within the process. In this account, you are able to track your applicant status in " My Applications ". 
In order to be considered eligible for the position as an internal candidate, departmental staff must meet minimum requirements of the position, be in good performance standing, and have been continuously employed at the University for at least six months. 
Before you begin the process, we recommend that you are prepared to attach electronic copies of your resume, cover letter or any other documents within the application process. It is recommended that you combine your cover letter and resume/curriculum vitae into one attachment. Attached documents should be in Microsoft Word or PDF format. All applicants are required to complete the online application including work history and educational details (if applicable), even when attaching a resume. Florida International University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Florida International University in Miami, FL Faculty salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Florida International University Florida International University 832 reviews Florida International University is a vibrant, student-centered public research university. FIU is worlds ahead in its commitment to lear... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
