
 
 
 
 Technical Program Manager, Cloud Programs - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Program Manager, Cloud Programs Google 3,878 reviews San Francisco, CA Google 3,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations:  Sunnyvale, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience. 
 5 years of experience in cloud computing emerging technologies or related technical fields. 
 Experience in software program management and/or engineering management. 
 
 Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in problem solving within fast-paced and constantly changing environments. 
 Experience working cross-functionally with cloud computing engineering, sales and marketing teams or related technical fields. 
 Experience in communicating technical concepts to non-technical audiences. 
 Strong verbal/written communication skills. 
 About the job 
Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers. 
 Google Cloud Platform is changing the way the world uses cloud computing. You will unleash your significant talents for program management, mobilizing cross functional teams, delivering solutions for scale and data-driven decision making to refine, launch and take to market solutions that accelerate our customers’ success in the cloud. Your passion, technical and business depth, and excellent organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills will inspire our teams and rapidly establish trust amongst a diverse set of stakeholders and customers. 
 By applying to this position your application is automatically considered for all the teams within Cloud Programs. The teams include but are not limited to: Compute, Networking, Data and Analytics, Security, Privacy, Developer Tools, NPI, Services Platform, Product Operations, Capacity Planning, Storage, Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence, and Data Center. 
Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. 
Responsibilities 
 Provide the required hands-on software development and project management, cross-functional coordination, and inter/intra team communications to deliver outstanding program outcomes. 
 Work closely with software engineers, QA, product managers and other engineering teams to get high-quality products and features through the software project lifecycle (build, test and release on time). 
 Manage project schedules, identify possible issues and clearly communicate them to project stakeholders. 
 Take responsibility for release schedules and milestones, keeping up a high velocity in a fast-paced environment. 
 Lead several technical programs for the Google Cloud Business, setting priorities for products and engineering, leading cross-functional teams to take products to market, ensuring success metrics are informing future efforts, and quickly fine tuning the program as needed. 
 At Google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA Technical Program Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,878 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
