
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, RAISE - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, RAISE Facebook 622 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Facebook is launching a new talent development program called Rotational AI Science & Engineering (RAISE). This unique 24-month rotational opportunity offers immediate full-time employment in the Facebook AI organization. RAISE will build a diverse cohort of Software Engineers across a range of industry experience levels to prepare them for long-term success in Facebook AI. As a member of the initial cohort in this first-of-its-kind initiative, you will redefine industry norms, create a new pathway into AI, and shape RAISE for years to come.RAISE is seeking talented Software Engineers who would like to kickstart a career in AI, but who may lack the domain-specific exposure or training necessary to enable that transition elsewhere. Facebook AI believes in making AI careers more accessible to everyone, including industry professionals looking to make a mid-career shift. Over 24 months, you will join world-class research and engineering teams and gain hands-on experience working across a breadth of cutting edge artificial intelligence technologies. Through meaningful rotation projects and a high quality support and mentorship system, RAISE will provide you an unparalleled foundation for a successful career in AI. RAISE participants will take part in four six-month engineering rotations on a variety of AI teams. After completion of the rotations, RAISE alumni will be able to seamlessly continue their full-time employment at Facebook by selecting a permanent team to join within Facebook AI that aligns with their skill set and interests.We build products to connect the world, and this means we need teams that understand and reflect a broad range of experiences and abilities. The RAISE program is open to all qualified candidates. No experience with Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning is required. 
Apply relevant AI and machine learning techniques to build intelligent systems that improve Facebook products and experiences 
Develop novel, accurate AI algorithms and advanced systems for large scale applications 
Define use cases and develop methodology and benchmarks to evaluate different approaches 
Must commit to the full 2-year rotational AI program 
5+ years of programming experience in either C, C++, Java, C# or other relevant coding languages 
5+ years relevant experience building large-scale infrastructure applications or similar experience 
B.S. or M.S. Computer Science or related field 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Software Developer salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 622 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
