
 
 
 
 Support Technician - Fort Worth, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Support Technician Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Fort Worth, TX Remote Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
 Company Overview
 At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security. 
 
 Department Overview
 VaaS, a “video analysis as a service” company, is a leading global provider of data and image analytics for vehicle location. The company’s image capture and analysis platform, which includes fixed and mobile license plate reader cameras driven by machine learning and artificial intelligence, provides vehicle location data to public safety and commercial customers. Acquired in January 2019, this new product offering will expand the Motorola Solutions command center software portfolio with the largest shareable database of vehicle location information that can help shorten response times and improve the speed and accuracy of investigations.The Product Management Team works to ensure that products are aligned with customer needs and requirements, taking input from customers and internal stakeholders to define requirements for software development that enhance the product's value to the customer.
 
 Job Description
 Provide excellent customer service to new and existing customers and internal customers by independently troubleshooting, installing, repairing and supporting customers on software and equipment such as laptops, servers, DSP’s, MDT’s and cameras. Your objective is to ensure every client is happy with our services and to ensure that all aspects of installation, service and support are completed properly and timely.
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Systems Support, Installation & Servicing
 Phone Support during regular business hours and on-call availability during off hours
 Provide courteous and knowledgeable troubleshooting support over the phone, via email and in person.
 Be the main point of contact for all of valiant product base providing tech support
 Respond to and resolve all client’s concerns.
 Ensure timely and accurate set up of all systems.
 Test systems to ensure they are working correctly.
 May be required to adjust systems, including mechanical, electrical, software or hardware, to make equipment functional depending upon the environment.
 Meet deployment timelines and give accurate assessments of completion dates for installations while onsite.
 Communicate issues found in the field effectively with thorough descriptions for development debugging.
 Maintain a log of customer interactions for future learning 
 
Customer Training
 Train customers on use of systems including software, hardware and installation.
 Train customers on basic preventative maintenance.
 Help with the creation of training material. 
 
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
 Must be a motivated self-starter with a drive to learn
 Proven effective at working from home with little to no supervision
 Networking, Technical Support & troubleshooting experience crucial.
 IT Help desk or Tech support back
 Detail oriented, highly organized and self-sufficient.
 Must be able to effectively communicate in English, both written and spoken.
 Have well-developed interpersonal communication skills and able to effectively use judgment and initiative in resolving problems and providing information.
 Ability to travel
 Reliable transportation and a clean driving record
 Have experience developing and enhancing strong client relationships
 Willing to work off hours and on-call
 
 Basic Requirements
 High school Degree/GED or equivalent degree
 2+ years’ experience in technical support or similar role
 
 Travel Requirements
 None
 
 Relocation Provided
 None
 
 Position Type
 Experienced
 
 Referral Payment Plan
 No 
 
 
 EEO Statement
 Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic. Motorola Solutions 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Desktop Support Technician jobs in Fort Worth, TX Jobs at Motorola Solutions in Fort Worth, TX Desktop Support Technician salaries in Fort Worth, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Motorola Solutions Motorola Solutions 2,950 reviews Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) is a global leader in mission-critical communications and analytics. Our technology platforms in mission-c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
