
 
 
 
 Director, Digital Workplace - San Francisco, CA 94105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Digital Workplace PG&E Corporation 898 reviews San Francisco, CA 94105 PG&E Corporation 898 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Requisition ID # 98389
 
 Job Category :  Information Technology
 Job Level :  Director/Chief
 Business Unit:  Information Technology
 
 POSITION AND DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW: 
The application leader of Digital Workplace programs is an experienced professional who leads the effort to create a work environment that boosts workforce digital dexterity through an engaging and intuitive work environment. The goal is to improve the employee experience so that PG&E can profit from digital business models and enhanced workforce effectiveness to achieve its business goals.
 The primary goal of the digital workplace is to maximize the effectiveness of individual employees, teams, and the organization by designing workplace services for engagement, building them for scale and running them for continuous change. The primary function of the Director of digital workplace programs is creating the work environment that ensures this goal. This person does so by: Championing the needed organizational and process changes Leading a cross-functional team dedicated to this initiative including Client Experience, Device Management, Technical Service Desk (TSC) and EU Experience Giving employees a voice by allowing them to participate in innovation and problem solving Hosting an exciting new end user steering committee with business representation from across the company. Applying user-experience principles, including end-user personas, and aligned configurations. Testing emerging technologies such as advanced analytics, artificial intelligence, proactive monitoring, and self-service. Using relevant metrics to track and optimize digital workplace services and operations Continuous reporting/marketing of the end user and financial value of the team, using data/metrics/surveys
 
The digital workplace leader is expected to influence the enterprise wide reinvention of the workplace in such a way that employee engagement, agility, and digital dexterity increases. This influence will also extend to the reinvention of workspace — the physical and technical “fabric” that forms the spaces in which employees work and collaborate. The person in this position is expected to contribute analysis and guidance to decisions about selecting, combining, exploiting, and using relevant employee-facing technologies.
 Never a dull, routine, or uninteresting moment here!
 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES:  Champions digital workplace initiatives that support PG&E’s digital business transformation, enabling its participation in the digital economy. Works with the IT leadership, internal customers, and other company business leaders to establish the digital workplace vision. A corollary of this work is winning buy-in for the vision from key stakeholders, ranging from board members through C-level executives to employees who are individual contributors. Once the digital workplace vision is established and embraced, the digital workplace leader ensures its ongoing visibility and awareness through a well-orchestrated communications plan. This person also leads the work of adjusting the vision, when warranted by changes in business conditions. Creates a process so employees have a greater voice in technology directions and workplace interactions. Involves business process management professionals to make existing work processes more effective by rethinking, simplifying and redesigning them. Explores and improves how employees engage with each other, as well as with customers and business partners. Identifies leading-edge thinking and works with the employees involved to bring these activities into the broader corporate technology portfolio, thereby establishing greater trust between employees and the IT organization. Seeks out new technology trends that should be brought into the workplace. Works closely with colleagues in Enterprise Architecture, Applications, I&O, Cyber Security, and OCIO. Establishes a methodology for consistent implementation services such as procurement, provisioning, deployment, training, and promotion. Sources new kinds of services to drive business innovation throughout the organization. Defines processes for the effective, integrated introduction of new digital workplace assets. Leads the development, publication, and maintenance of the corporate digital workplace architecture, as well as the roadmap for its future development, which matches and supports business needs. Develops metrics that allow the organization to gauge the success of its digital workplace improvements and investments. Ensures that this data is collected, analyzed, tracked, communicated using performance scorecards, and acted upon.
 
The Director works with their direct manager to determine how to communicate the digital workplace vision, strategy, and progress against the organization’s goals to the C-level executives and the board of directors. One key task of the digital workplace leader is to gain the informed, active support of these executives to bring about the widespread change required to develop and implement a workforce strategy that harnesses technology and human capital.
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 EDUCATION: 
 Minimum:  B.A./B.S. degree or equivalent work experience in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or other related field.
 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  Eight (8) or more years of work experience, preferably in Business or IT Management and, ideally, a combination of the two. At least three (3) years of progressive leadership experience in leading cross-functional teams and enterprise wide programs, operating and influencing effectively across the organization and within complex contexts. At least three (3) years’ experience managing large projects/programs in a timely, cost-effective and solutions-oriented manner. Experience in designing strategic metrics and scorecards. Championing innovation programs as a catalyst of organizational change is also desirable.
 
 Additional Desired Technical Knowledge and Skills:  Strong interpersonal skills. Ability to work across business lines at senior levels to influence and effect change to achieve common goals. Strong empathy and focus on the customer driving improvements that make their digital experience more enjoyable and productive. Leads Ethically and in Compliance. Sponsor and sustain a high integrity speak-up corporate culture which prioritizes ethics, safety, and compliance. Demonstrable leadership. A proven track record of successfully leading complex, multidisciplinary talent teams in new endeavors and delivering solutions. Strategic technology planning experience. Experience in strategic technology planning and execution, as well as policy development and maintenance. Ability to effectively guide and sustain people, process, and technology change in a dynamic and complex operating environment. Presence (“gravitas”) to develop a digital workplace program, as well as to sell and embed it in all levels of the business. Fearlessness in suggesting or backing big ideas. Tenacity in focusing the information discovery process. Values Diversity and Creates Inclusion. Recognizing the value that different perspectives and cultures bring to an organization Excellent oral and written communication skills. These skills will be used to explain digital concepts and technologies to business leaders, and business concepts to technologists; and to sell ideas and processes internally at all levels, including the board and investors. Effective leadership skills. These skills include championing safety, team building, consensus building, the ability to balance team and individual responsibilities, and achieving goals through others not directly under the leader’s supervision, by working ethically and with integrity. Demonstrable knowledge of employee-facing services such as personal and group productivity tools, data discovery, intranets, knowledge management, social networks and technology support. Digital dexterity with consumer gadgets, apps and other technology services, along with the vision to see how they can improve employee agility and engagement.
 
 Leadership Qualities for this Role: 
PG&E expects its leaders to conduct themselves with the highest ethics and integrity and to embody specific leadership qualities.
 
Strategic Mindset
 Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.
 Operating effectively, even when things are not certain, or the way forward is not clear.
 A Leader in the Community and Industry
 Effectively building formal and informal relationship networks inside and outside the organization.
 Anticipating and balancing the needs of multiple stakeholders.
 Demonstrates Safety Leadership
 A safety champion in words and deeds with respect to both employee and public safety.
 Maintaining an environment of open dialog and free of retaliation.
 Influences and Inspires
 Using various communications that convey a clear understanding of the needs of different audiences.
 Maneuvering comfortably through complex policy, process, and people-related dynamics.
 Optimizes Team Performance
 Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.
 Creating a climate where people are developed and motivated to do their best to help the organization.
 Values Diversity and Creates Inclusion
 Recognizing the value that different perspectives and cultures bring to an organization.
 Fiscally Responsible
 Interpreting and applying understanding of key financial indicators to make better business decisions.
 Planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals.
 Leads Ethically and in Compliance
 Sponsoring and sustaining a high integrity speak-up corporate culture which prioritizes ethics, safety, and compliance.
 Building on necessary level of industry, company, and subject-matter expertise, including laws and regulations.
 Provides a high level of customer service
 Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions.
 
 Hiring Leader Name:  Alexander Victor
 
Pacific Gas and Electric Company is an Affirmative Action and Equal Employment Opportunity Employer that actively pursues and hires a diverse workforce.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, religion, physical or mental disability status,medical condition, protected veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information or any other factor that is not related to the job. PG&E Corporation 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at PG&E Corporation in San Francisco, CA Director salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PG&E Corporation PG&E Corporation 898 reviews What motivates our workforce of 20,000? Simple: Knowing that 15 million Californians count on us to ensure instant access to energy, 24 h... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
