
 
 
 
 People and Operations Manager - Manhattan, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search People and Operations Manager Paige Manhattan, NY Remote Paige is a software company helping pathologists and clinicians make faster, more informed diagnostic and treatment decisions by mining decades of data from the world's experts in cancer care. We are leading a digital transformation in pathology by leveraging advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology to create value for the oncology clinical team.
 
We are the first company to develop clinical grade AI tools for the pathologist, which resulted in our receiving FDA breakthrough designation for our first product. Paige has also received FDA-clearance for our digital viewer, FullFocus™. We have also established multiple relationships with biopharma, laboratory, and equipment manufacturers that enables Paige to develop an ecosystem ready to help patients receive better diagnoses and treatment.
 
We are seeking an accomplished People and Operations Manager to join our team. In this role will report to our Director of People Operations, supporting the business in all people matters. This is an extraordinary opportunity to join a high-performing team that's deeply mission-driven.
 
We are all working remotely, but when it's safe to return you will join our NYC team in our stunning midtown office.
 
 As Manager of People Operations you will: 
Support our Human Resources Team with oversight of all company people matters.
 
Collaborate with the rest of the team to design and implement HR policies and procedures that ensure we remain compliant with regulatory bodies.
 
Assist in accelerating our fast-paced employee headcount growth, while maintaining our high standards.
 
Oversee and update our employee on-boarding process to ensure the best possible experience for new employees.
 
Serve as an employee advocate and support system, soliciting feedback and utilizing data to enhance our culture, values and the Paige employee experience.
 
Serve as a thought leader and advisor for management on diversity and inclusion.
 
Collaborate with the rest of the team to drive the learning and development of team members.
 
Drive employee lifecycle processes including onboarding, offboarding, employee changes, leaves of absences and compliance.
 
Help to implement a new HRIS to replace the multiple systems that we currently use to manage our team.
 
Support people programs involving employee experiences, virtual events, learning & development, performance management, employee relations and recognition programs.
 
Work with the Director of People Operations to design and implement programs that reinforce our values and culture.
 
 About you: 
You have previously filled a similar role for a minimum of 3 years in a fast-growth company.
 
You have previously worked in a mix of early stage startups as well as large corporations.
 
You have previously worked at a software technology company.
 
SHRM-CP/SHRM-SCP or other certifications are a plus
 
You are deeply committed to driving diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.
 
A passion for always being in-the-know on the latest employment and recruiting trends and best practices.
 
A collection of experiences where your ability to be resilient, adaptable, tenacious, creative, and driven have been critical to your success
 
You have the proven ability to gather and leverage data and use logic to provide insights for key decisions.
 
You are experienced in leveraging digital technologies to gain efficiencies and to make organizations more effective and connected.
 
Strong communication skills with an ability to communicate effectively across multiple levels of an organization
 
You are comfortable rolling up your sleeves with a 'can do' approach. Paige 5 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in Manhattan, NY Jobs at Paige in Manhattan, NY Operations Manager salaries in Manhattan, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Paige Paige is a software company helping pathologists and clinicians make faster, more informed diagnostic and treatment decisions by mining d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
