
 
 
 
 Product Manager - Santa Barbara, CA 93117 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager AppFolio 41 reviews Santa Barbara, CA 93117 AppFolio 41 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Hi, We’re AppFolio. 
We’re innovators, changemakers, and collaborators. We’re more than just a software company — we’re a cloud-based powerhouse that creates products to make our customers’ lives easier. We’re revolutionizing the way people do business, and we want your ideas, your enthusiasm, and your passion to help us keep on innovating. 
We love where we work, and you can, too. 
We are looking for a Product Manager to join our team at AppFolio. Our team is responsible for driving the vision, strategy, and execution of new products and services. 
The Product Manager’s role is to understand the business needs and use cases, articulate the most important problems to the team, inspire and motivate them in order to continually deliver features and functionality that advance our Maintenance AI service to help establish AppFolio as a dominant AI player in the real estate space. 
You must be located in or willing to relocate to Santa Barbara, CA. 
What You’ll Do 
Create and manage a backlog of features & enhancements to achieve project goals as quickly and efficiently as possible. 
Collaborate with teammates (especially UX) to craft elegant solutions to customer and business problems. 
Conduct agile methodology including planning, grooming, retrospectives, etc. 
Communicate effectively with key stakeholders and other members of the organization. 
Coordinate & lead prospect & customer interviews, both over the phone and in-person, to deepen personal and organizational understanding of our customers’ needs and desires. 
Prepare & deliver clear, compelling presentations to customers, colleagues, and superiors 
Attend regularly scheduled customer events & industry trade shows 
What We’re Looking For 
Customer obsessed:  You are relentlessly focused on understanding & delighting our customers and their residents. 
Outstanding communication skills:  You can clearly communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders to build alignment around what your team is working on and why. 
Collaborative:  You build strong relationships with teammates, customers, and partners to foster a collaborative team environment. 
Perseverance:  You show resilience and persistence to achieve business outcomes even in the face of adversity 
Bias to action:  You are a self-starter who thrives in ambiguity and will take calculated risks to move quickly in the face of uncertainty. 
Must-Haves 
BA/BS degree or equivalent work experience 
Minimum 2+ years of product management experience 
Nice-to-Haves 
Prior experience working on a SaaS product 
Prior experience with Artificial Intelligence 
Our Story 
AppFolio (NASDAQ: APPF) was founded in 2006 with the mission to revolutionize vertical industry businesses by providing great software and service. Our easy-to-use, cloud-based software helps our customers more effectively market, manage, and grow their businesses. 
To find out more about what AppFolio has to offer, check out appfolioinc.com/careers. AppFolio 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Santa Barbara, CA Jobs at AppFolio in Santa Barbara, CA Product Manager salaries in Santa Barbara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AppFolio AppFolio 41 reviews We're revolutionizing the way people do business.

Our easy-to-use, cloud-based software helps customers across the country more effect... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
