
 
 
 
 Compliance Analyst, Ethics & Compliance - Dallas, TX 75214 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Compliance Analyst, Ethics & Compliance Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Dallas, TX 75214 Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 3,700 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  Compliance Analyst, Ethics & Compliance.  This is a remote position and can be based anywhere in the United States. 
Rimini Street views all employees as partners, and is committed to providing an exciting, participatory and team-oriented work environment. In addition to our very competitive compensation packages, be prepared for challenging professional growth and fun along the way in our work-hard, play-hard corporate environment. 
Position Summary 
The RMNI Ethics & Compliance group administers the Company’s global ethics and compliance program, including initiatives such as compliance monitoring, training, and investigations; privacy and risk assessments; and third-party due diligence. As an Compliance Analyst, Ethics & Compliance, you’ll be working on the front lines to protect the Company and ensure that RMNI personnel act with integrity in all aspects of our business. In this role, you’ll support a variety of compliance investigations worldwide relating to RMNI’s  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  and other applicable policies. 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
Compliance topics include Anti-Bribery and Corruption (US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (and various international equivalent legislations), Conflicts of Interest, Business Conduct and Ethics), as well as U.S. Antiboycott, International Trade and Antitrust/Competition Law reporting. As directed by the Corporate Counsel, Ethics & Compliance, the Compliance Analyst, Ethics & Compliance will perform and/or assist with the following duties: 
Prepares due diligence and review of due diligence activity on third parties, and where necessary, mitigates compliance risks identified with third parties. 
Performs analysis and prepares metrics on various compliance issues. 
Supports other projects including developing training or communicating compliance processes across the business. 
Compiles and analyzes compliance training completions, conflicts of interest disclosures, or other key indicators of compliance. 
In conjunction with the Corporate Counsel, Ethics & Compliance, assesses and analyzes the business’ compliance environment, identifying issues, making recommendations on corrective actions and ensuring those actions are implemented in a timely manner. 
Understands and keeps up to date with Rimini Street business, services and the commercial environment in which it operates in order to assess changing risks and compliance objectives. 
May perform additional duties and responsibilities as assigned. 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Education 
Bachelor’s degree preferred. 
Location 
This is a remote position and can be based anywhere in the United States. 
Experience 
5+ years’ experience in related field and a minimum 4 years of compliance experience required 
Familiarity with the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption and/or export laws and regulations 
Anti-Bribery/Anti-Corruption and/or FCPA, and third-party due diligence experience required 
Skills 
Exercises sound and independent judgment and maintains confidentiality. 
Highly organized and detail-oriented. 
Flexible and capable of managing multiple and shifting priorities. 
Collegial with strong interpersonal skills and emotional intelligence. 
Able to collaborate and communicate with teammates and personnel at all levels of the organization regarding highly sensitive matters. 
Executes despite ambiguity or incomplete information. 
Willing to learn and open to constructive guidance and feedback. 
Sense of urgency in completing tasks and capable of meeting tight deadlines when required. 
Ability to perform the essential functions of the position as described and as modified from time to time based on the needs of the Company. 
Desired Qualifications 
Experience in international compliance or in contracts, legal, or international trade preferred 
Exposure to internal controls, financial controls, and testing or auditing preferred 
Comfortable working in a multi-cultural environment. 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. Rimini Street, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Compliance Officer jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Rimini Street in Dallas, TX Compliance Officer salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
