
 
 
 
 Offshore Wind Technology Manager - Houston, TX 77024 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Offshore Wind Technology Manager Great Lakes Dredge & Dock 96 reviews Houston, TX 77024 Great Lakes Dredge & Dock 96 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Offshore Wind Technology Manager 
Summary: Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Corporation is the largest provider of dredging, land reclamation and beach nourishment services in the United States, and the only U.S. dredging company with significant international operations. With the largest and most diverse dredging fleet in the US, Great Lakes serves a wide range of customers including the US Army Corps of Engineers; state, local and foreign governments; and private companies both international and domestic. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, GLDD has more than 200 pieces of dredging plant located strategically throughout North America and in various locations throughout the world. We are currently seeking an Offshore Wind Technology Manager to join our team. 
The utility scale Offshore Wind market in the US is expanding rapidly, to meet commitments from the States for renewable energy generation and carbon free energy solutions for the next decade and beyond. The Offshore Wind Technology Manager is responsible for technology planning, development and application for the US offshore wind market, for both fixed and floating developments. This role also includes the technology oversight of new build vessel(s) related to offshore wind, such as the GLDD Subsea Rock Installation Vessel, currently in the design phase and moving into construction later this year. This is a key position to support GLDD’s strategic entry into the burgeoning US offshore wind market and capture a tremendous growth opportunity as the world transitions to cleaner, carbon free sources of energy. The position reports directly to the GLDD Senior VP, Offshore Wind. 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Duties and responsibilities of the position include: 
Building up GLDD’s capability in technology development relating to Offshore Wind, for both fixed and floating applications. Participating in industry forums and partnerships for the development of offshore wind technologies and applications for the US market. Evaluating emerging technologies for offshore wind both in the US and internationally. 
Collaborating with industry and academia for the development of US based offshore wind supply base technologies and capabilities. Leading GLDD participation in R&D public funding rounds for offshore wind. 
Developing cost effective, innovative solutions for the upcoming offshore wind farm bids in the US Northeast and mid-Atlantic States to ensure GLDD’s competitive edge. Participating in the bidding process in a technology advisory role. 
Provide expertise in metocean data analysis and vessel operability windows as the SME in Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering technologies. 
Provide technical oversight for offshore wind vessel engineering and build(s). Champion technologies relating to low/zero carbon emissions, digital simulations, autonomous operations, artificial intelligence. 
Qualifications: 
Professional qualifications for this important position include: 
M.S. or PhD in Naval Architecture & Marine Engineering or related field; 
15+ years of experience in technology development (offshore oil and gas or offshore wind); 
Experience in offshore wind technologies is a definite plus; 
Experience participating in industry-wide technology forums; 
Experience in shipbuilding industry. 
Benefits Competitive salary and bonus program. 401(k) program that includes 100% company matching of the first 6% of employee contributions with immediate vesting. Annual profit-sharing contributions by the company to participants’ 401(k) accounts based on company’s annual performance. Medical, Dental, Prescription, Life and Disability insurance plans. 
Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, religion, age, veteran status, disability status, genetic information or any other protected category Great Lakes Dredge & Dock 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Information Technology Manager jobs in Houston, TX Information Technology Manager salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Great Lakes Dredge & Dock 96 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
