
 
 
 
 Jr. Software Engineer - Deployment - Mahwah, NJ 07430 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Jr. Software Engineer - Deployment Nuance 473 reviews Mahwah, NJ 07430 Nuance 473 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview:
 
Nuance is the pioneer and leader in conversational artificial intelligence (AI) innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life. We deliver solutions that understand, analyze, and respond to people, amplifying human intelligence to increase productivity and improve security. With decades of both domain and AI expertise, we work with thousands of organizations across a wide range of industries. 
Check out our team  Life at Nuance ! 
Join our team! At Nuance, we are constantly reinventing how people connect with technology and with each other. Our AI-powered solutions empower organizations to transform “business as usual.” For decades, the world’s leading financial, healthcare, telecommunications, retailers, and government organizations have trusted Nuance to bring them award-winning solutions that deliver more meaningful outcomes and empower a smarter, more connected world. From clinical speech recognition technologies that free physicians to spend more time caring for patients to real-time intelligence that powers billions of customer interactions, we’re deeply committed to helping organizations push the boundaries of what’s possible. 
Job Summary:
 
The Jr. Software Engineer is responsible for implementing the configuration design for our digital conversion solutions to ensure that we are properly tagged, designed and tested before we go live. This role is a key technical delivery position working with both the internal development teams as well as key contacts within the client’s development organization. This position performs QA and test functions within the organization to support new and existing client executions. This position will take a key role in rolling out new product features on client executions. This individual will also be tasked with determining simpler, more automated ways of deploying and delivering our solution to increase ease of configuration and improve productivity. 
 
Principal duties and responsibilities: Act as primary technical contact between client and Nuance for assigned accounts during the Implementation/Launch phase Responsible for setting up and creating client configurations, business rules and system settings in Nuance administration tool for new/existing customers Become the technical subject matter expert for all client sites Document Business Requirements Documents for new launches Perform hands-on technical troubleshooting on a daily basis for configuration set up on both internal/external sites Develop test case scenarios for all phases of launch and internal product releases Provide daily production assistance and QA support to site developers Create client implementation packages for each launch which include JavaScript tags, div container placement, data pass, and set sale elements Assist with customer deployments by coordinating across Solutions, Operations, Client Services, Product Management and Development groups Configure and test JIRA tickets for new/existing client base Support the rollout of all new features and technology on client sites within the production environment Assist with coordination of implementation priorities and work flow Evaluate, define, improve and document department and implementation processes Configure our solutions on client sites using Javascript, XML, HTML and CSS 
Knowledge, Skills, and Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in related field is preferred Minimum years of work experience: 1+ 1+ years’ experience in website development and support or working in Deployment, QA or Testing department Experience with a wide range of web client technologies, such as HTML, XML, JavaScript, jQuery, etc. Experience with all major web browsers, web sites and web-based technologies Experience with tools to troubleshoot problems with web-based technologies Comfortable communicating with clients Must be able to be flexible with working hours to support international customers Must enjoy a technical challenge 
Desired Skills: Experience with Git Previous experience working with APIs 
 
Additional Information:
 
Nuance offers a compelling and rewarding work environment. We offer market competitive salaries, bonus, equity, benefits, meaningful growth and development opportunities and a casual yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our continuing success. 
 Nuance celebrates diversity and is proud to be an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action workplace. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, military and veteran status, disability, genetics, or any other category protected by law or Nuance policy. If you need an accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please call  781-565-5086  and let us know. Nuance 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Software Engineer jobs in Mahwah, NJ Jobs at Nuance in Mahwah, NJ Junior Software Engineer salaries in Mahwah, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nuance Nuance 473 reviews Nuance Communications, Inc. is the pioneer and leader in conversational AI innovations that bring intelligence to everyday work and life.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
