
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence & Data Analytics Principal - Colorado Springs, CO 80910 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence & Data Analytics Principal LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews Colorado Springs, CO 80910 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At the dawn of a new space age, Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing people are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every single day we use our unique skills, talents and experiences to design and build solutions to some of the world's hardest engineering problems. Do you want to be part of a culture that inspires employees to envision the impossible, perform with excellence and build incredible products? We provide the resources, inspiration and focus. If you have the passion and courage to dream big, then we want to build a better tomorrow with you. 
 
The Advanced Technology Center (ATC) is the research lab and innovation engine for Lockheed Martin Space. Through our internal fundamental R&D, and leveraging the rest of the enterprise and our relationships with research centers around the world, we transition vision into reality. 
 
The ATC is seeking an Artificial Intelligence & Data Analytics technical Principal Engineer, reporting to the Senior Manager for Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics & Exploitation. 
 
We are looking for someone with a talent for forging enduring relationships with internal and external customers, and for shaping and capturing new business while balancing management and technical responsibilities. You will be responsible for the successful planning, staffing, and execution of a broad analytics, data exploitation, and informatics-based program portfolio. In this role you will work closely with other technical teams across Lockheed Martin Space, to develop and transition technology to our LOBs and government customers.
 
Ideally, you will have experience working for or with government agencies executing or managing R&D. 
 
Typical experience levels for this role are: Bachelors and 20+ years of professional experience, Masters and 18+ years, or PhD and 15+ years. 
 
To promote the sharing of ideas, Lockheed Martin cultivates an inclusive work environment that supports differences and big-picture thinking. 
 
Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy: 
 Medical Dental 401k Paid time off Work/life balance Career development Mentorship opportunities Rewards & recognition 
Learn more about Lockheed Martin’s competitive and comprehensive benefits package. 
 
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Experience forming an organization’s strategic plan, and execution against strategy Experience using enterprise AI/ML cloud tools (examples include AWS Data Lake, Domino, SageMaker, or similar tools) to develop, refine, and deliver new and unique capability in AI/ML or data analytics Exposure to or knowledge of customer shaping 
and business capture phases of programs for which the customer is the US government 
 Current Top Secret clearance or equivalent 
Desired Skills: 
 Active TS/SCI with poly Experience working in a defense environment from the customer side (e.g. DARPA, NGA, etc) PhD in the field of computer science or closely related discipline, with emphasis in AI and data analytics. Experience applying AI and data analytics to space-based sensing modalities Experience developing and deploying predictive analytics solutions that rely on multiple data sources, e.g. EO, written or spoken word, SAR, etc. History of professional journal publications and conference presentations in the field of AI and data analytics 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Colorado Springs, CO Principal salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,595 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
