
 
 
 
 Senior Analyst Automation - Springdale, AR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Analyst Automation Tyson Foods, Inc. 8,508 reviews Springdale, AR Tyson Foods, Inc. 8,508 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you ready to join an innovative team where you will have direct influence on game-changing strategies and solutions for one of the world’s largest food companies? Looking for a role where you can combine your passion for automation, process optimization, and an interest in all things technical? Wanting to be both strategic and hands-on? Thrive on partnering with talented colleagues and delivering as a team? If so … keep reading!
 The Automation Methods and Optimization team is a start-up team at Tyson Foods that is responsible for identifying automation and process improvement opportunities, performing financial modeling, driving the automation roadmap, and executing automation projects. We will also define and facilitate a governance model to ensure we leverage Tyson's full scale as a Fortune 100 company as we engage external partners and suppliers, simplify our automation solution catalog, and help streamline supportability and solution maintenance.
 The Sr. Automation Analyst will play a crucial role in leading the definition of standard processes, governance, and tools to streamline the roll-out of Automation solutions across Tyson’s enterprise. If you love bringing order and organization to the table, breaking ground on new process while optimizing existing processes, using data to glean insights and inform decision making, and partnering across multiple functions and organizations to deliver together, this could be a great fit for you.
 Responsibilities
 Define, implement, manage processes and standards regarding automation solutions across the entire Tyson enterprise
 Partner with business operations, engineering, and IT to define automation equipment standards and approved vendors resulting in a solutions catalog
 Propose processes and controls related to equipment purchases and assist in the governance of these processes (i.e. procurement controls)
 Analyze the financial and efficiency impacts of automation opportunities
 Define solution design documentation templates and setup documentation repositories for automation solutions
 Document the technical design of automation solutions in partnership with engineering, business operations, and IT
 Partner with industry leading technology companies and emerging technology startups to source and apply the new technologies
 The position entails rigorous process discipline and documentation practices as well as excellent cross-functional communication skills to assure functionality, safety, reliability and quality of the product.
 This position may require up to 25% of travel
 Requirements
 Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial/Mechanical/Electrical/Computer Engineering or Computer Information Systems equivalent degree or education
 3 to 5 years of direct related experience in manufacturing and production environments with an emphasis on process optimization
 An organized and process-minded approach to solving problems
 Hand-on experience where you have brought organization to ambiguous environment with the use of processes, standards, and governance
 Strong documentation skills with experience documenting technical or production solutions as well as creating standard templates for repeated use
 Expertise setting up and managing shared document repositories
 Experience gathering, organizing/modeling data, and gleaning insights from it to make decisions
 Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification or higher is desired
 Proficient in the use of data visualization platforms such as Power BI or Data Studio
 Proficient in the use of process mapping software and tools (mind-mapping tools, Visio, etc.)
 Excellent skills in standard computer software including spreadsheet and presentation software
 Proven project management skills (certification is a plus) with experience in project management tools (e.g. MS Project, JIRA, etc.)
 Ability to clearly “tell the story” and tailor your messaging to partners, leadership, and stakeholders including executive levels of leadership
 Proven ability to mentor team members to grow in their own career and impact
 Ability to lead a team of others towards a common goal and achieve successful outcomes
 Understanding of interdependencies between technology, operations, and engineering
 Understanding and knowledge of food production processes and solutions is desired
 Working knowledge and experience in industrial robotics and artificial intelligence and their application in a production environment
 Experience with industrial Internet of Things (IoT) devices and their deployment at scale
 Advanced problem-solving skills with the ability to operate within complex situations, break them down, and work with others to define the path forward
 Work Shift:
 1ST SHIFT (United States of America)
 When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page. If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention. Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.
 Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
 CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection,  click here  . Tyson Foods, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Analyst jobs in Springdale, AR Jobs at Tyson Foods in Springdale, AR Senior Analyst salaries in Springdale, AR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tyson Foods, Inc. Tyson Foods, Inc. 8,508 reviews Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) is one of the world’s largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
