
 
 
 
 Call Center - Customer Healthcare Advocate - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Call Center - Customer Healthcare Advocate iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews California Remote iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About iRhythm: 
iRhythm is a leading digital healthcare company focused on the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable bio sensing technology with powerful cloud-based data analytics and Artificial Intelligence capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading provider of ambulatory ECG monitoring for patients at risk for arrhythmias. iRhythm's continuous ambulatory monitoring has already put over 2 million patients and their doctors on a shorter path to what they both need – answer.
 
 About this role: 
 We are hiring for the following shifts: 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday – 9:00am – 5:30pm Central Time; this translates to 10:00am – 6:30pm Eastern Time; 7:00am – 3:30pm Pacific Time.
 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday – 9:30am – 6:00pm Central Time; this translates to 10:30 – 7:00pm Eastern Time; 7:30am – 4:00pm Pacific Time.
 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday – 10:00am – 6:30pm Central Time; this translates to 11:00am – 7:30pm Eastern Time; 8:00am – 4:30pm Pacific Time.
 
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday – 11:00am – 7:30pm Central Time; this translates to 12:00pm – 8:30pm Eastern Time; 9:00am – 5:30pm Pacific Time.
 
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday – 10:00am – 6:30pm Central Time; this translates to 11:00am – 7:30pm Eastern Time; 8:00am – 4:30pm Pacific Time.
 
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday – 11:00am – 7:30pm Central Time; this translates to 12:00pm – 8:30pm Eastern Time; 9:00am – 5:30pm Pacific Time.
 
iRhythm is currently seeking an experienced Customer Healthcare Advocate. Our work environment is fast-paced, with a collaborative atmosphere. Most of all, we are passionate about delivering innovations that improve the quality of health care and the patient experience. We are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team today!
 
 Specific job responsibilities include: 
Provide superior customer care by troubleshooting customer/patient issues relating to product, services, and patient enrollment
 
Respond to inquiries, complete order fulfillment and provide information to external and internal customers and accounts
 
Maintain a positive attitude and working relationship with all customers, patients and iRhythm associates
 
Zticket/CRM Entry and compliance
 
Inbound and outbound call work as assigned
 
 About you: 
High school diploma required. Bachelor's Degree or relevant experience
 
Minimum of 3 years of customer service call center experience, preferably in healthcare.
 
Proficient with Microsoft Office - especially Outlook; Word, Excel and PowerPoint preferred
 
Experience with Customer Relationship Management software; Salesforce.com preferred but not required
 
Candidates must possess strong verbal and written communication skills.
 
Must be flexible, able to adapt quickly and positively to change, able to handle a fast-paced growth company environment
 
Strong evidence of great customer service via phone, e-mail, fax or web modalities
 
Must be patient and customer focused, demonstrating professionalism in stressful situations.
 
Must have the ability to multi-task
 
Must demonstrate independent thinking and sound judgement skills not covered specifically in manuals or procedures
 
 Please Note: 
Currently, iRhythm employees work remote due to COVID-19. We require that all employees have the following technical capability at their home: High Speed internet over 50 MBPS and, specifically for all call center employees, the ability to plug in directly to the home internet router. These at home technical requirements are subject to change with any scheduled reopening of our office locations.
 
50mbps+ for single person online
 
100Mbps+ if family is online together
 
 What's in it for you: 
This is a full-time position with competitive compensation package, excellent benefits including medical, dental, and vision insurance (all of which start on your first day), paid holidays, and PTO!
 
iRhythm also provides additional benefits including 401K (with company match), an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid parental leave, pet insurance discount, Cultural Committee/Charity events, and so much more!
 
 FLSA Status:  Non-Exempt
 
As a part of our core values, we ensure a diverse and inclusive workforce. We welcome and celebrate people of all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and perspectives. iRhythm Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/V/D). Pursuant to San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Make iRhythm your path forward.
 
#LI-DS1
 
#LI-Remote iRhythm Technologies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Call Center Representative jobs in California Jobs at iRhythm Technologies in California Call Center Representative salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from iRhythm Technologies iRhythm Technologies 55 reviews iRhythm is a digital healthcare company redefining the way cardiac arrhythmias are clinically diagnosed by combining our wearable biosens... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
