
 
 
 
 Director, Total Rewards SAN FRANCISCO, CAPEOPLE OPERATIONS - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Total Rewards SAN FRANCISCO, CAPEOPLE OPERATIONS Tonal 2 reviews San Francisco, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
Tonal’s People Team provides leadership for initiatives that support talent, performance, compensation, change management, coaching, organizational design, and employee relations. The Director of Total Rewards will own our compensation framework, program design, and execution. You will influence and lead Tonal’s compensation programs and internal alignment to maintain a competitive pay position for our employees during a period of global strategic growth. 
When it comes to designing and implementing programs and policies, this is second nature to you. You’re always focused on how your work impacts the bottom line and are viewed as a confident business leader. You’re thoughtful in your approach, but have tenacity. You’ll use your unique blend of entrepreneurial spirit to build creative, scalable solutions that align our people and places. This role reports to the SVP of People and works alongside our Talent and Workplace Teams. 
What You Will Do 
Lead the design, implementation and administration of all Total Rewards programs for Tonal’s Global workforce With access to Radford data, maintain and over time evolve our job architecture, career paths and global compensation strategy for the organization Collaborate with Business leaders, HR Business Partners and centers of excellence (COE) to support and advise managers on compensation-related activities Extend our compensation structures and help determine where we should position relative to the market across all global territories Partner with HR and management to develop effective promotion and retention strategies Provide internal support for HR and line management on all issues related to the Tonal’s compensation programs Design and deliver training program on compensation philosophy and framework Provide leadership to employees, managers, and business units to ensure that compensation programs are understood by all Manage holistic compensation & equity program, including annual refreshes Partner with our finance team, as well as support current and former employees where needed with the options exercise process Partner closely with recruiting to offer competitive compensation and hire top talent Lead direction on market analysis and job profile insights for new and existing roles Develop compensation policies for exempt and non-exempt employees; evaluate and revise programs based on changes in business strategy, policy direction, and trend analysis Work with large amounts of data and build tools to streamline the process Manage outsourced programs and vendor relationships for compensation packages to ensure these programs meet employee needs; identify cost savings opportunities Ensure that corporate compensation policies adhere to local and federal standards and guidelines; remain abreast of trends and developments in laws or regulations that apply to compensation and total rewards Build and maintain reports, dashboards, and metrics and monitor the integrity and validity of the data reported Stay up-to-date on current compensation-related legislation to ensure compliance with applicable employment-related federal and state statutory requirements regarding employee pay 
Who You Are 
Minimum of 8+ years experience in a Compensation role within high-growth organizations Understanding of various local and federal employment laws and their impact on HR matters High EQ, cultural awareness and compassion Familiarity with analytics, and a capability to pull data from disparate systems, organize and aggregate the data and provide insightful analysis and insights into trends Naturally curious. Always seeking to learn more and to improve on/streamline processes and programs Motivated. Manages challenging issues to closure; helps managers build high-performing teams Tenacity and ability to build from scratch are imperative Proven track record of identifying people problems and using strategic skills to drive and influence appropriate solutions Knowledge of stock grants and vesting a plus! 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Compensation Specialist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Tonal in San Francisco, CA Compensation Specialist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
