
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Qualifications
 
PhD or equivalent Master's degree in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research or in another highly quantitative field
 3+ years of hands-on industry experience working with large scale ML problems
 Track record of delivering large analytical solutions with big business impact
 Experience formulating and solving predictive modeling, machine learning, forecasting or statistical modeling problems.
 5+ years with Statistical Analysis and Modeling tools like R, Python, Matlab or similar
 Skilled in various Statistical and Machine Learning algorithms
 Able to write SQL scripts for analysis and reporting
 Superior verbal and written communication and presentation skills, ability to convey rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts
 Enjoys working in a team environment
 
Want to stop fraudsters and make a direct multi-million dollar impact to Amazon's bottom line? Come join the AWS Fraud Prevention team and help us fight fraud and financial crimes.
 
The mission of the Fraud Prevention Team is to keep the AWS platform a safe and trusted place for our customers and partners worldwide and for all services. Fraudsters are continually looking for new ways to steal from companies. We invent new techniques to detect and stop these bad actors, leveraging the latest in modeling (ML, AI) and enforcement.
 
As a Research Scientist at Amazon, you’ll be leading us in making critical and time sensitive decisions that impact customers. You’ll use your machine learning chops to build solutions that can scale and solve the business problem; it's an exciting application of data science to solve behavioral problems. It’s fast paced, data driven, and impactful.
 
We are raising the bar for fraud prevention in the Cloud. This is a high impact opportunity, where a successful candidate will have the ability to shape and raise the bar on fraud prevention.
 
The position requires deep expertise in Statistical and Machine Learning models, and the ability to write queries data extraction and analysis. You should have excellent communication skills and be able to work with stakeholders at all levels. Above all you should be a passionate, hard-working and creative person who loves business, loves solving difficult problems and doesn’t mind getting involved in the details.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Preferred Qualifications
 4+ years of research experience in a quantitative filed
 . Knowledge of AWS Infrastructure, Redshift
 
 Predictive Analytics 
 Any Hadoop, NoSQL Database & Technology 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visithttps://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Research Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
