
 
 
 
 Lead Concept Artist Job - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Concept Artist Job The Game Group Seattle, WA Description: 
 
Our client is THE global leader of entertainment and technology. Among their key initiatives are interactive entertainment such as gaming, artificial intelligence, cloud services, film entertainment, and other internet services. Some of their best of breed International partners and investment companies include Epic Games, Riot, Activision, Take-Two and EA. 
 
Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world-class online games. If you are eager to do groundbreaking work in a friendly, cross-cultural environment, they can provide unparalleled stability, resources, access to more than a billion users, and an international perspective. 
 
Job Description: 
 
Our Award-winning client seeks a Lead Concept Artist with a vision for characters and worlds who can really help us build a new world-class IP from concept to market! 
 
Are you ready to create something groundbreaking, genre-defining and fun for years to come? Do you have an insatiable passion for video games and creating new ways for players to be engaged? We are looking for a phenomenal lead concept artist who shares our love for our medium. Come channel your energy into making an exceptionally fun experience and defining the great studio culture necessary to inspire minds to develop great video games. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Work closely with the team to create inspiring concept work that visualize the vision and design of the game. 
 Create concept art that can be used by the team to create in-game content. 
 Produce a variety of concepts through all phases of production including sketches, creature designs, character designs, storyboards, marketing assets, and more. 
 Be able to think about your concepts in the service of the world of a new IP and ensure that your pieces seem born of an interconnected ecology. 
 Take an active role in the evolution of the game, working with all disciplines to understand the vision and design for the game and using that experience to inform concept work. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 A portfolio of visionary and inspiring concept work you can show and talk about your ideas to the team. 
 The ability quickly deliver and iterate on concepts as needed by the team. 
 Take critical feedback and iterate on your work based on the needs of the experience. 
 Strong traditional art skills. 
 Experience with concepting creatures a plus 
 
 What is in it for you? 
 
 Create high-quality games backed by unlimited resources: You will be working to bring incredible game ideas to market, and you will never run out of resources at your disposal. You will be supported completely to bring next-gen experience live to players around the world! 
 Make a major impact at a global studio: You will be working on a key initiative at this Studio, building games that are hits not just in the east or west, but globally. The impact of your efforts will ripple not just through the whole studio group (2,500+ employees) but will serve as a blueprint for the entire gaming industry. 
 
 To obtain more details or explore this job; please submit a copy of your resume by e-mailing:  resumes@gamegrouprecruit.com . The Game Group 30+ days ago If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Concept Artist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at The Game Group in Seattle, WA Concept Artist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Game Group Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
