
 
 
 
 Associate Corporate Counsel, AWS Support & Managed Services - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Corporate Counsel, AWS Support & Managed Services Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Juris Doctor (J.D.) and admitted to at least one state bar (or equivalent) 
 2+ years of post-admission legal experience 
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills 
 
Amazon's Legal Department is looking for a talented attorney to support Amazon Web Services (AWS), a dynamic and rapidly growing business within Amazon.com that is at the forefront of the cloud computing industry. AWS provides its customers with IT infrastructure services ranging from on-demand compute, storage, database, and network and content delivery, to artificial intelligence, mobile, internet of things, and more.
 
As Associate Corporate Counsel, you will partner with AWS Support and Managed Services business teams to develop, launch and support AWS services worldwide. You will serve as one of the primary lawyers responsible for counseling the AWS Support and Managed Services business teams on a broad range of product, commercial, technology, privacy, and regulatory matters, as well as structuring, drafting, and negotiating commercial transactions. You will work directly with the business, providing day-to-day advice, serving as lead counsel for strategic deals and relationships, and setting up structural solutions that enable clients to achieve their business objectives as efficiently as possible. The role also includes participating in other Amazon-wide legal projects, including managing legal issues that arise in existing commercial relationships and handling regulatory compliance and civil litigation issues and inquiries.
 
The successful candidate must be inquisitive, enthusiastic about technology, enjoy working hard and being continually challenged, and demonstrate independent sound judgment even in ambiguous situations. Compensation is based on experience and includes equity compensation.
 
 
 Familiarity with cloud computing regulations 
 Familiarity with privacy regulations 
 Familiarity with MSP/MSSP regulations 
 Familiarity with web services/cloud computing 
 Sound and practical business judgment 
 An ability to manage a large number and variety of critical projects, often in ambiguous environments 
 An ability to work both independently and as part of a cross-functional team 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Corporate Counsel jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Corporate Counsel salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,363 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
