
 
 
 
 Project Controls Specialist - Boston, MA 02111 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Controls Specialist STV 151 reviews Boston, MA 02111 STV 151 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description STV is a leading, award-winning professional firm offering engineering, architectural, planning, environmental and construction management services. We consistently rank among the country's top 25 firms in education, corrections, highways, bridges, rail and mass transit. Throughout the United States and in Canada, STV’s professional, technical and support personnel offer services to a broad and ever-expanding client base. We provide planning, environmental, design, program and construction management, and specialty services for the healthcare, transportation, design-build, institutional and commercial building, advanced technology, industrial and defense markets. 
We have an opportunity for a  Project Controls Specialist  for our Project Controls Group in Newton, MA. As a Project Controls Specialist, you will be a member of our Nationwide Project Controls Group supporting some of the most exciting and icon projects and programs. Our Project Controls Group provides services in the areas of Cost Engineering, Scheduling, Estimating, Document Control, Risk Management. In addition, our team also encompasses a Project Technology Group which delivers value to our clients through leveraging leading-edge technologies throughout the project and program lifecycles and drives value to our end clients through the use of machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
The Project Controls Specialist will be responsible for management and performance of a team in all estimating, scheduling and project controls functions for building construction, healthcare, transportation and infrastructure projects including change order analysis and negotiation; constructability reviews of project plans and specifications (both in progress and completed designs), risk management and value engineering. The Project Controls Specialist will ensure the effective review of construction design drawings & specifications, supervises office and/or field teams to ensure the team gathers all material and data necessary to organize the required activities and produce final documentation for review by management before issuance to the client. 
Responsible for the identification and evaluation of potential opportunities, presenting data and developing the summary effect of initiatives to STV management an clients as required. Will have a demonstrated ability to manage a team of staff, of various disciplines, to accurately and efficiently complete deliverables and meet deadlines. Will report monthly on progress to the project controls director and project executive. Will identify potential opportunities for the expansion of the STV team and engage with the client to secure additional positions when available. 
The Project Controls Specialist will need to able to work in STV offices and project sites in the Boston, MA metropolitan area. Occasional or in-frequent travel may be required to other cities. 
Required Skills: 
Must have a minimum of 5 years of experience with the project cost management and earned value performance measurement. 
The ideal candidate must have a Bachelor’s degree in Construction Management, Business, Architecture, Engineering or a related field from an accredited College or University. 
Experience with Healthcare projects is preferred but not required. 
Experience with Microsoft Office Suite, PMWeb, BIM, and Primavera P6 is desired. 
Anticipated Project Controls Duties include the following: 
Assist Project Controls Manager with cost control, cost reporting, scheduling, risk management, and BIM Coordination tasks for Capital Projects. 
Enter and maintain healthcare capital project data using PM Web Software System including but not limited to: 
Funding Elements 
Budgets 
Budget Changes 
Purchase Orders and Contracts 
Pay Applications and other non-contract invoices 
Potential Change Orders 
Change Orders 
Forecasts and Cash Flows 
RFI’s and Submittals 
Field Work Directives 
Daily Observation Field Reports 
Non-Conformance Reports 
Scanning and uploading source documents to PM Web 
Process purchase order and contract award requisitions 
Process change requests 
Prepare cost reports for Project Controls Manager Review 
Update Schedules for capital projects STV 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Controls Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at STV in Boston, MA Controls Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from STV STV 151 reviews STV is an award-winning professional firm consistently ranking among the country's top companies in education, corrections, highways, bri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
