
 
 
 
 Manufacturing & Supply Chain Consultant - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manufacturing & Supply Chain Consultant Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,365 reviews Remote Remote Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,365 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 5+ Years in supply chain spanning areas of planning, procurement, inventory management, fulfillment, logistics, or other related fields 
 3+ years in professional services or consulting in re-engineering of core processes to optimize the value chain 
 3+ years in creating supply chain strategies including conducting assessments, creating & selling associated business case, familiarity with make-to-stock & make-to-order strategies, supplier and procurement strategies, omnichannel and fulfillment strategies 
 2+ years in discrete and/or process manufacturing industry 
 2+ years in relevant technologies such as SAP(ERP), B2B, JDA, WMS/Manhattan, Ariba/Coupa, AI/ML, IOT, Blockchain, Rockwell, Siemens, GE and Data Lakes 
 Experience with industrials systems (e.g. SCADA, PLC, MES, inventory/warehouse, etc.) 
 Bachelors Degree in a related field or 5+ years of professional or military experience 
 
Do you have global technology consulting and engineering experience deploying technologies, platforms and solutions in the Manufacturing and Supply Chain Domain? Do you have extensive technology experience and skills to deliver AWS or other cloud platforms, understand technologies enabling Industry 4.0 and Smart Factories, Supply Chain, ERP or infrastructure solutions for a Global Manufacturing customers?
 
At AWS, we are hiring Senior Manufacturing & Supply Chain Consultants into our Professional Services team to focused on cloud computing technology to help our customers develop, and deploy new transformational platforms and solutions.
 
The position requires a blend of skills including strong business acumen and communications skills, Cloud Infrastructure Architecture, Enterprise Applications knowledge, engineering of shop floor technologies, and industry strategies and requirements surrounding Industry 4.0, Smart Factories, connected products, supply chain, the manufacturing environment, and technology trends.
 
AWS Senior Consultants deliver technology guidance, support POC’s (Proof-of-Concepts), perform enterprise portfolio assessments, review industry best practices and conduct technology leadership workshops.
 
AWS Senior Consultants collaborate directly with global Manufacturing customers and partners addressing workflow performance, cloud workloads, security, compliance, scale, availability and manageability.
 
AWS Senior Consultants provide leadership to customers migrating and transforming existing platforms, solutions and systems using the full range of AWS cloud services. They also manage engagements and assist with non- technical change management work on policies, procedures, operations and people.
 
At AWS, we are looking for experienced Manufacturing & Supply Chain technology consultants with deep technical expertise in their specialty area with an ability to travel both domestic and internationally. They will have strong relevant industry and technical experience combined with exceptional people skills.
 
AWS Senior Consultants will acquire new technology skills and serve as trusted advisors for internal and external customers including global Manufacturing & Supply Chain OT and IT leaders.
 
AWS Senior Consultants will also collaborate with multiple AWS engineering teams introducing and refining new platforms, solutions and web-based services to enable the future industrial IoT ecosystem, Smart Factories, Supply Chain Optimization, cloud, and data analytics transformation.
 
The team will collect, package and publish best practices and repeatable offerings to accelerate customers adoption of cloud-based AWS services.
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: 
 
 Customer Engagements - Collaborate with AWS sales leaders and internal engineering teams driving design and platform adoption for major Manufacturing customers on the AWS platform. 
 Industry Leadership - Lead AWS architecture discussions, cloud operations optimization, AWS migrations, security, and integration of AWS services supporting global customer requirements. 
 Support Sales Teams - Support short cycle on-site client projects proving the value of AWS products, services and support moving to new distributed cloud environments. 
 Technology Leadership - Collaborate with AWS field sales teams, pre-sales teams, training and support teams to help global Manufacturing partners and customers successfully engage and use AWS services. Services include Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3), Amazon Greengrass, Amazon Simple DB/RDS databases, Machine Learning Services (Sagemaker), AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), etc. 
 Develop Partnerships - Develop Manufacturing & Supply Chain industry solution roadmaps for customers, partners and service providers. Drive collaboration and integration between multiple partners to deliver comprehensive solutions for large Manufacturing industry customers. 
 Industry Expertise Transfer - Work with global AWS professional services leadership to grow the AWS Professional Services (ProServe) Practice. Work with ProServe leadership to stay-ahead of the leading-edge platform services and be able to deploy quickly. Support best practices efforts for all AWS and Partners. 
 Customer Advocacy - Work with AWS engineering groups, technology and professional ProServe teams conveying deep technical requirements from major Manufacturing customers and partners, driving key inputs into short-term and long-term AWS technology roadmaps. 
 Deliver Value - Lead and manage delivery of transformational ProServe technical engagements with customers and partners in the Smart Factory, Supply Chain, Industry 4.0, and IT environments 
 Industry Shows and Organizations – Support key industry trade shows, session panels, keynotes, industry groups, technology organizations and technology standards board’s directly conveying AWS corporate messaging and driving new industry wide engagements as necessary. 
 
 ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Customer Requirements - Understand customer requirements and scope of the project and create SOW for relevant work 
 Customer Facing - Be a part of the customer facing development team and offer value in building/helping build POCs/systems 
 Manufacturing & Supply Chain Partners - Work with relevant partners/vendors to help lift-and-shift or re-engineer the existing solutions for AWS as appropriate based on customer’s project requirements 
 Technical, Architecture & Code Support - Contribute development artifacts to the internal AWS Manufacturing & Supply Chain community as appropriate. 
 Degrees/Certifications - MS Electrical/Mechanical Engineering, AWS Certified Solution Architect – Associate 
 Conceptual Knowledge - Supply Chain, SAP (Manufacturing/Supply Chain module), Artificial Intelligence (Machine Learning/Deep Learning) 
 Platforms - Rockwell, Siemens, Microsoft, Linux (generic) 
 Business Entrepreneurship (Startup/Operations) 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Supply Chain Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Remote Supply Chain Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,365 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
