
 
 
 
 Software Engineer (Machine Learning) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer (Machine Learning) Cresta 5 reviews Remote Remote Cresta 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Interested in defining how AI shapes the future of work? Cresta is on a mission to make every knowledge worker 100x as effective, 10x faster and 10x better. Cresta is focussed on using AI to help the workforce, not replace them. Cresta uses our patented Expertise AI to uncover expert insights form every conversation and put those insights into action with real-time coaching during customer conversations. 
We’re growing fast! Spun out of the Stanford AI lab and chaired by Google-X founder Sebastian Thrun, Cresta launched in 2020. Since then, we’ve grown revenue and our team by 300%! We’ve assembled a world-class team of AI and ML experts, go-to-market leaders, and top-tier investors and advisors including Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock Partners, and former AT&T CEO John Donovan. Our valued customers include brands like Intuit, Porsche, Adobe, and Dropbox and we have been recognized as a startup to watch by Business Insider, Forbes, and Gartner to name a few. We have huge ambitions and are looking for stellar candidates who have an entrepreneurial mindset and are excited to use cutting-edge AI to solve real-world business problems. 
Cresta's machine learning engineers develop cutting edge solutions to empower our suite of enterprise products. We use a full range of machine learning technologies from probabilistic modeling to deep learning. Cresta is looking for talented software engineers with an academic or industrial background in machine learning. 
You will join a collaborative but highly autonomous working environment in which each member has a strong ownership to shape the product. 
About Us 
Cresta is an early-stage enterprise AI startup with the mission of enabling everyone to start as an expert on the first day on the job. Spun out of the Stanford AI lab and chaired by Google-X founder Sebastian Thrun, and backed by Ben Horowitz, our team is composed of Stanford PhDs and top engineers and leaders from Google, Facebook, and other tech companies. We are in production at multiple Fortune 500 companies and are training on millions of dialog conversations. 
 What You'll Do:
 Design and develop infrastructure to collect high-quality labels for large-scale datasets. 
Research and implement cutting edge deep learning architecture to solve open-ended problems. 
Work with product team to code, train and deploy production-grade machine learning systems. 
Help shape the direction of machine learning and artificial intelligence at Cresta. 
 What We Look For: 
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Machine Learning, NLP or a related technical field. 
Strong software engineering skills across multiple languages including but not limited to Python, Javascript, etc. 
Experience building one of the following production systems in industry: natural language processing, bayesian models, information retrieval, learning to rank, recommender systems, speech recognition, unsupervised learning. 
Good mathematical understanding of popular NLP and Machine Learning algorithms. 
Hands-on experience with NLP tools, libraries and corpora (e.g. NLTK, Stanford CoreNLP, Wikipedia corpus, etc). 
Experience with customer care products is a bonus Cresta 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Cresta in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cresta 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
