
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence - Data Scientist - Centreville, VA 20120 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence - Data Scientist Parsons 934 reviews Centreville, VA 20120 Remote Parsons 934 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum Clearance Required to Start: 
Not Applicable/None 
Job Description: 
Here, people work best without someone looking over their shoulders 
In our workplace, your independence is not just respected — it’s revered! We feel that professionals should be able to do their work without needless levels of supervision. Our kind of latitude—and attitude—helps our responsible employees to perform at their best. The welcoming, inclusive atmosphere here allows people with diverse backgrounds to share in every opportunity. Sound liberating? Then get in touch! This opportunity is Virtual, our candidate can work anywhere from home in the US. The salary median is $120,000 
The successful candidate will provide statistical and mathematical support to analyze and interpret a wide range of data in order to provide customer solutions. Works with various stakeholders to present and operationalize data to achieve actionable insights to drive customer strategy and decisions. Applies intermediate-level analytic capabilities to solve complex business problems from a combination of unstructured, semi-structured, and structured data. 
SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Applies business analytics and customer segmentation techniques in various corporate functions, e.g. marketing analytics, consumer analytics, operations analysis, human capital analytics, or other relevant fields. Examines Website design, customer interactions, featured content, and future products and services. Uses data mining for structured and unstructured information to join and explore relationships in disparate data sets. Maintains, moves, and manipulates data between applications, using appropriate software (e.g., Apache Spark, ElasticSearch, R, Python, Kibana and others as technology evolves). Utilizes industry standard communication and visualization tools to visualize and communicate complex quantitative information and analysis. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis to customer and other stakeholders with required/appropriate documentation. 
Required : 
5+ years of data science experience with a background in rigorous data-driven inference methods (such as statistics, data mining, machine learning, and sound experimental design). 
BS or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, or information technology. 
Proficient at working with and manipulating large data sets, using modern big-data systems and scientific tools. 
Strong knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources. 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
Desired : 
Experience with PMIS systems like the following: Oracle Primavera Unifier, Oracle Primavera Contract Manager, e-Builder, Kahua, Meridian Prolog or Proliance, Ecosys, Aconex, Procore, EADOC and PMWeb. 
Experience with Report and Business Intelligence visualization development skills using multiple toolsets such as SSRS, InfoMaker, Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, Cognos and Oracle BI. 
Demonstrated experience of designing, developing, and delivering applications (databases, websites, tools, and products) 
Demonstrated experience in directing activities of highly skilled technical and analytical teams responsible for developing solutions to highly complex analytical/intelligence problems. 
Demonstrated experience in identifying systems enhancements, new capabilities, concept demonstrators, and capability business cases. 
Experience using JIRA or like project management tools. 
Demonstrated experience of advanced programming techniques, using the following: HTML 5/Javascript, ArcObjects, Python, Model Builder, Oracle, SQL, GIScience, Geospatial Analysis, Statistics, ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Server, Arc SDE, ArcIMS, SPSS, SAS. Customize ArcGIS templates, Manage ArcGIS Portals, and/or Customize ESRI StoryMap Templates. Use NET, Python, C++ and/or JAVA programming. 
The anticipated annualized full time target compensation (median) for this position is: $107,100.00. 
Benefits for this position include: medical, dental, vision, paid time off, Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) and 401K. Parsons Corporation 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Centreville, VA Jobs at Parsons in Centreville, VA Data Scientist salaries in Centreville, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Parsons Parsons 934 reviews Parsons is a technology-enabled solutions provider with a history of disrupting the industry since 1944. Driving the future of defense, i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
