
 
 
 
 Senior C# Developer - Carlsbad, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior C# Developer Realwave, Inc. Carlsbad, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location: Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex (preferred) 
We’re an exciting Video Surveillance as a Service (VSaaS)company with a team of highly experienced IT and Physical Securityprofessionals pursuing a common goal of turning ordinary security cameras intovirtual surveillance agents. 
Realwave is leading thenext wave of digital video surveillance by uniquely leveraging video analytics,data from integrated devices, and Artificial Intelligence to curate interestingevents and insights that improve business execution across the enterprise.
 We’re looking for a dynamic individual who will work closelywith a diverse team of developers to help implement platforms, infrastructuresand processes. Ensure that monitoring and continuous improvement are of thehighest standards. Play a key role in the design and implementation of highlyreliable and scalable solutions. 
Requirements: 
 Experienced C# (.NET and .NET Core) developer  Strong OOP skills  10+ years experience in building middleware applications  Extensive experience in building integration anddata transformation applications  5+ years experience leading small to midsizegeographically diverse teams  Willing to work with and lead off shoresdevelopers 
Relevant Skills:  Experience in Node.js  Experience with audio and video supporttechnologies  Experience with enterprise applications 
We offer a chance for equity participation pre-Series A. 
We offer a great opportunity for career advancement inone of the big inflection times within our industry’s history. 
We offer a chance to work with an outstanding team thatloves to work hard and play hard with a shared purpose of doing good andimproving people’s lives with smart video. 
If this sounds good to you, please contact us to join theRealwave Team today. Realwave, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job .NET Developer jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Realwave in Carlsbad, CA .NET Developer salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Realwave, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
