
 
 
 
 Associate Scientist - Biology - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Scientist - Biology Pattern Bioscience Austin, TX Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Pattern Bioscience, we’re tackling antibiotic resistance, named by the CDC as one of the biggest public health challenges of our time. We use AI and single-cell analysis to quickly recognize the bacteria causing an infection and to predict which drugs will cure the infection, even if it is multi-drug-resistant. 
 
But we’re not just invested in combating antibiotic resistance; we’re also invested in our people. Our team is brought together by a shared passion for our mission to cure and prevent antibiotic-resistant infections, improving one of the world's most important health decisions. We're committed to continuous learning, collaboration, and supporting one another. At Pattern, each voice matters, and we welcome diverse perspectives and healthy debate. 
Pattern is looking for an Associate Scientist to join our team working at the intersection of artificial intelligence, microfluidics and clinical microbiology to help hospitals combat antibiotic resistance. In this role, you will be responsible for executing experiments to further the development of our platform and working with the rest of our team to build best-in-class diagnostic products. We are seeking talented individuals who will embrace our mission and flourish in a dynamic, rigorous, and entrepreneurial environment. 
 How You Will Contribute 
Perform work in a BSL-2 laboratory including processing clinical specimens, bacterial culture propagation and maintenance, and susceptibility testing. 
Manage, capture, and review critical data: accurately and consistently recording experimental methods, materials, and results. 
Conceive and conduct experimentation with guidance from senior team members from project inception through product launch. 
Analyze data, form conclusions, and determine future experimental plans. 
Recommend expansion or curtailment of activities based on the latest information. 
Assume responsibility for timely completion of projects, consistent with the project critical path.
 Work under the supervision of scientists and engineers to conduct research. 
Effectively adjust to changing priorities. 
 We'd Love to Hear From You If You 
Have a strong track record in experimental science, especially microbiology or biomedical engineering. 
Have experience in assay optimization 
Enjoy generating key results in the laboratory as well as guiding others. 
Have an outstanding work ethic and passion for multi-disciplinary product development. 
Have a drive to innovate, find and solve problems. 
Are insightful, capable of working independently, and enjoy communicating and working in a collaborative setting. 
Are a continuous learner and curious. 
Excel in data analysis and possess critical thinking skills with an eye for experimental detail. 
Have experience developing medical devices, especially  in vitro  diagnostic devices. 
You combine a thorough understanding of fundamental scientific principles with analytical rigor to innovate at the intersection of physics, chemistry, biology, and materials science.
 Education and Experience Requirements 
BS required in Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Biomedical Engineering, or a related discipline. 
Preference for experience with microbiology 
2-5 years of hands-on laboratory research experience is required 
 Join us! 
We're excited for what you can bring to our team. Here are a few things we provide to make sure you have a great experience. Learn more about our team by visiting our website. 
 
Benefits Health insurance 401k Matching Personalized PTO Transparent leadership Career development The opportunity to make a global impact and pioneer consequential solutions 
 
We value diversity on our teams. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Pattern Bioscience 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Scientist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Pattern Bioscience in Austin, TX Associate Scientist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pattern Bioscience Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
