
 
 
 
 General Counsel - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications General Counsel Ocrolus New York, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the Ocrolus rocket ship! 
Ocrolus is a  fintech infrastructure company  that transforms documents into actionable data with over  99% accuracy . Designed to streamline document-driven workflows and automate high-stakes financial decisions, Ocrolus is trusted by leading fintechs like  SoFi, LendingClub, Cross River Bank, BlueVine, Enova, and Plaid,  to name a few. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. Ocrolus has raised over $50 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others. 
We pride ourselves on being a dynamic, diverse team, unified by shared values of  Ownership, Optimism, Objectivity, Humility, Urgency, and Appreciation . We love what we do and the people we do it with, which is why we invite our team to bring their full selves to work every day. 
Who You Are: 
You are an experienced and curious legal leader, able to adapt quickly to new domains and to balance a wide range of priorities in a fast-paced environment. You are business-minded, and make it your mission to allow businesses to move quickly to achieve their goals, while appropriately managing risk. You’re excited to build a strategy across regulatory, risk, and compliance functions to help Ocrolus achieve its mission. You are able to lead a high-quality team to the next level and quickly synthesize domain-specific information for decisions.
 This role will engage proactively with the rest of the company, including the Sales, Operations, Compliance, People, Product, Engineering, and Finance teams to advance the company’s mission. 
 Responsibilities
 Work as part of the leadership team to achieve key business objectives and assist in developing compelling product and service offerings that meet all relevant legal and regulatory requirements 
Think through and provide guidance through complex concepts and tackle them in an organized and efficient manner 
Participate in product and cross-functional initiative developments throughout Ocrolus 
Liaise with outside counsel to improve efficient communications and maximize value 
Draft, negotiate, and examine agreements, such as strategic partnership opportunities, vendor contracts, and supplier agreements 
 Requirements 
 A JD from a top law school with the ability to practice law in NY 
Equivalent of 10+ years experience at a top law firm or in-house, or a combination of both (start-up experience, especially in fintech, or Saas organization a plus) 
Exceptional judgment and ability to act decisively and with discretion in situations requiring quick but thorough analysis and decision-making 
An entrepreneurial spirit and willingness to roll up your sleeves 
Strong communication skills and the ability to work across functions 
Thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and able to turn work around very quickly, as needed 
 Our employees are incredible individuals - that’s the only kind we hire - and we’re committed to their well-being and supporting their efforts to become the best they can be, both at work and in life. This includes offering flexible working hours, unlimited PTO, Summer Fridays, an inclusive work environment (D&I Council), and wellness reimbursement for physical and mental well-being. 
We’re growing rapidly and were recently named # 1 Fastest-Growing Fintech Company on the Inc. 5000,  and  #1 Fastest-Growing Software Company in NY  in Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500. If you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance! 
Ocrolus is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Ocrolus 18 days ago original job Report job General Counsel jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Ocrolus in New York, NY General Counsel salaries in New York, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
