
 
 
 
 Software Simulation Developer - Cambridge, MA 02142 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Simulation Developer Icosystem Corporation Cambridge, MA 02142 Remote Icosystem Corporation (www.icosystem.com) is a successful company with world-class expertise in complexity science and evolutionary computing. Our work combines cutting-edge scientific research and applied client projects that range from social network analysis and consumer behavior modeling to interactive evolutionary search and design. Icosystem provides an intellectually stimulating work environment and a unique opportunity to bridge the scientific and commercial worlds. 
 
Icosystem’s work environment is virtual, so our employees enjoy the flexibility of working from home while collaborating frequently as a team. 
 
Job Description 
 
We are currently looking for experienced software professionals interested in joining our team. We are passionate developers that care about practicing contemporary coding practices like: TDD, pairing, clean code, polyglot programming etc. At Icosystem we work on projects where performance matters, and domain modeling is critical. We are highly creative, self-directed and value critical thinking. 
 
At Icosystem, you will work closely with our scientists on short-medium term projects for commercial companies, philanthropic non-profits, and the government, delivering prototypes and running simulations/predictive models to our clients. Our developers work primarily in Scala and Java, on small teams and have the opportunity to work on all tiers of an application, from front-end UIs to back-end databases. 
 
Successful candidates will have the following: 
 
 A minimum of bachelor’s or an equivalent degree 
 Solid knowledge of Java (4+ years) 
 
 In addition, the following would be highly desirable: 
 
 Experience with CI, Gradle, Git 
 Experience with sql 
 Web front end technologies, such as javascript, html and css 
 
 Familiarity with techniques such as evolutionary computing, swarm intelligence, artificial life, neural networks, dynamical systems and machine learning are desirable but not required. Candidates with prior experience in modeling natural or artificial systems, especially in a commercial setting, are particularly encouraged to apply. 
 
Icosystem offers 3 weeks of paid vacation plus up to 10 paid holidays, in addition to a comprehensive benefits package. If you are interested in becoming a part of an energetic team of some of the world’s most innovative thinkers in complexity science and evolutionary computing, please send your resume and cover letter to: simdev@icosystem.com Icosystem Corporation 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Icosystem Corporation in Cambridge, MA Software Developer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Icosystem Corporation Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
