
 
 
 
 BTA - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search BTA Capgemini 8,227 reviews Chicago, IL 60606 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
BA will serve as a liaison between the business and IT communities to help develop mobile app solutions. In collaboration with Product Owners, Business Partners, UI-UX, vendors and technical teams, BA will analyze the current / future app state, elicit and document detailed requirements, establish feature/epic/story scope, facilitate end product user acceptance.
 BA will continually seek opportunities to increase business satisfaction, deepen client relationships, and effectively manage customer expectations. 
7-10+ years of professional work experience with the latest 5-7+ years being in a role of Technical Business Analyst, Software Business Analyst, System Architect or similar. Will consider strong candidates with the latest 4-5 year in BA role. 
Performed typical BA activities: gathering and documenting requirements, writing user stories and epics, refining tickets, defining acceptance criteria, creating flow diagrams (e.g. screens, data, process, sequence, business) 
Produced typical BA deliverables: User Stories/use cases, Epics, diagrams (data, sequence, business), process models, wireframes, functional and technical specification, BRD/URD, Screen flow/Journey map, UAT/Dem 
Exhibits strong soft skills typically required in a BA role (e.g. active listening, propose alternatives, communicate complex information, issues, and potential solutions, has strong problem-solving / analytical skills and techniques, strong written and verbal communication skills) 
Has strong passion for BA line of work and shows curiosity, diligence and integrity 
Understands business priorities (e.g., vision), trends (e.g., industry knowledge) and markets (e.g., existing/ planned) 
Organized, detail-oriented, self-starter with the ability to prioritize work, self-manage and make trade-off decisions 
Prior experience on the projects with Agile methodologies 
Able to foster collaboration across disparate, cross-functional teams and to establish and maintain a high level of trust and confidence with colleagues and clients 
Experienced in interaction with QA teams to triage and prioritize defects and formulate an action plan to closure. 
Experience with UI Application 
Experience working in a consumer-based application environment with front and back end exposure 
Requirements : 
Highly desired to have domain knowledge of the mobile app, general knowledge of the mobile technology and familiarity with iOS/Android features. 
Familiarity with account at Client 
Understanding of QSR or retail technologies 
Experienced with large projects, large number of stakeholders, multi-locations/global footprint 
Familiar with JIRA & Confluence 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
