
 
 
 
 Content Strategist (Nashville Or Remote) - Nashville, TN 37203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content Strategist (Nashville Or Remote) Eventbrite 18 reviews Nashville, TN 37203 Remote Eventbrite 18 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description THE CHALLENGE 
Eventbrite’s customer base is growing and evolving, and we need our help experiences to grow and evolve too. We want to empower customers with the knowledge and resources they need to be successful on Eventbrite. From a single ticket buyer to the largest organizer on our site, we need a right-sized experience for each. 
THE TEAM 
The Digital Customer Success team is obsessive about helping our customers achieve their live experience outcomes. We’re focused on improving Eventbrite’s self-service support strategy, methodology, and approach through content and AI — creating scalable customer service experiences worldwide. This role requires a keen understanding of the integrated functions within support and product organizations, as well as the ability to collaborate successfully in cross-functional teams. 
THE ROLE 
We need someone to envision, execute and optimize digital help interactions. We’re looking for an experienced content professional with leadership potential and the ability to use data to drive decisions. 
THE SKILL SET 
 A proven executor:  Knows what great looks like in relation to scalable help solutions 
 A strategic thinker to design the future:  Proven ability to develop and lead execution of successful content strategies and self-service experiences aimed at decreasing customer effort. Experience with design principles, and you have the ability to clearly understand and envision the full end-to-end customer experience. This includes development and design of customer experience strategies, journeys and workflow mapping, and analyzing data specific to VOC and VOE. 
 A content expert:  4+ years of professional writing experience with a strong command of voice, tone, style, and grammar and a focus on clarity and concision. Experience developing and implementing video and social media content as part of a holistic content strategy. 
 Process and data driven:  Find and execute on opportunities to improve content and interaction flows by aggregating and analyzing quantitative and qualitative data. You are able to take the analysis and present a compelling vision for change. 
 Creates scale and efficiency through automation:  1+ year experience using automation, chatbots, AI to enhance customer experience. Understands decision tree content strategy and design. Experience with using artificial intelligence tools like Google DialogFlow to create chatbot, natural language processing, and interactive voice response self-service experiences. 
 Globally minded and comfortable with scale:  Experience working within a globally distributed organization and large scale SMB + consumer customer base with translated & localized content 
 Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills to ensure a cohesive customer journey:  Establish cross-functional team effort to deliver goals ranging from content optimization to inventing new communication channels. 
 Knowledge of systems and tools to create the right technical infrastructure:  Experience with enterprise CMS platforms, JIRA, and Google Analytics (or similar tools). 
WHAT WE OFFER
 At Eventbrite, we strive to support our Britelings and their loved ones through different stages of life with robust and attractive benefits, financial and physical wellness options, and great perks. 
In addition to offering a competitive salary and company stock, we have other great benefits available. In the Briteland, you’ll find great medical plans, fertility and adoption benefits, wellness reimbursement, generous parental leave, on-site services, and much more. 
We care about your mental health and wellbeing
 Our employees enjoy free coaching sessions with Modern Health. We also offer free therapy sessions with a psychologist. You’ll also have access to private medical insurance for you and your family, that includes dental care. And if you like sports, we have our wellness program to pay for your gym expenses. 
Ongoing training and career development is an important part of our culture 
We offer unlimited access to courses in Udemy, language exchange programs, internal training, Briteling talks, workshops and weekly sessions with our CEO 
Work-life balance is extremely important to us 
Our employees can choose what works best for them: work in one of our offices, be fully remote or the best of both worlds! We believe in a flexible working environment to allow Britelings to perform at their best ensuring a healthy work-life balance. We have recently implemented Britebreak Fridays: all Britelings turn off their computers and take the first Friday of every month off to focus on their wellbeing. 
ABOUT EVENTBRITE 
Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing and experience technology platform that serves a community of nearly one million event creators in over 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. The Eventbrite platform provides an intuitive, secure, and reliable service that enables creators to plan and execute their live and online events, whether it's an annual culinary festival attracting thousands of foodies, a professional webinar, a weekly yoga workshop or a youth dance class. With over 300 million tickets distributed to more than 4 million experiences in 2019, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love. 
 
 IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT? 
Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team. 
Eventbrite is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, political affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Eventbrite 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Content Strategist jobs in Nashville, TN Jobs at Eventbrite in Nashville, TN Content Strategist salaries in Nashville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Eventbrite Eventbrite 18 reviews Eventbrite powers ticketing and registration for more than two million live experiences each year, hosting the world’s largest online sel... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
