
 
 
 
 Production Technician Swing Shift - Chico, CA 95973 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Production Technician Swing Shift Joy Signal Technology 6 reviews Chico, CA 95973 Joy Signal Technology 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $15 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Joy Signal Technology 
Job Title: Production Technician 
Shift: Swing Shift 
 Hours: 3:30 P.M. – 12:00 A.M.
 Starting pay: $15.00 
Job Status: Full-Time 
Location: 020 Marauder Street, Chico, CA 95973 
Joy Signal, an industry leader in design and manufacture of high-density custom electronic connectors and wire harnesses supplies customers in medical, computer, electronic, communications, audio, security, and gaming industries. 
Operating in Chico for 30 years, the company is growing strongly, fueled by the global demand for increased communication and data transmission. Artificial Intelligence, Video Communication, Cloud Services, Autonomous things, and 5G are all creating high demand for the company’s custom products. 
We are looking for entry level employees willing to try their hand at a career in electronic assembly. This position requires following written instructions to assemble high density custom electronic connectors. We are looking for candidates with a strong attention to detail and strong dexterity. 
Benefits: 
$15.00 per hour with room to grow 
401(k) with Company Matching Program 
Paid Vacation 
Paid Sick Leave 
Paid Holidays 
Health Insurance 
Dental Insurance 
Vision Insurance 
Disability Insurance 
Job Duties: 
Cut, strip, prep, crimp, solder, weld, mold, harness, plug, house, heat stamp, heat shrink, cable tie, label, test, bag. 
Read and follow basic written instructions 
Execute required production operations. 
Use machinery and equipment, as required, to perform production operations. 
Assists in training other team members and assist in defining written production processes 
Document work performed 
Have a commitment to learning and adhering to Quality standards. 
Observe safety rules and regulations. 
Must exhibit the willingness to expand job knowledge in order to keep current with changing production needs, and to enhance future promotional considerations. 
Other tasks as assigned by management 
Key Requirements: 
Attention to detail 
Strong dexterity working on detailed projects 
Good communication and a strong team player 
Reliable transportation 
Background check required 
 
 vjKasMUmah Joy Signal Technology 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Production Technician jobs in Chico, CA Jobs at Joy Signal Technology in Chico, CA Production Technician salaries in Chico, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Joy Signal Technology 6 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
