
 
 
 
 Automation Engineer - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Automation Engineer Intel 5,442 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,442 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The Data Center Platform Architecture Integration and Validation (PAIV) group is looking for an Automation Engineer to join their dynamic and growing team. You will bring your broad understanding of multiple system areas and interfaces with architecture and validation teams in building Automation infrastructure for execution, triage and Debug. The scope of the deliverable will vary based on the target platform and specific issue at hand. Hence you will need a solid big picture understanding across the whole system. 
In this role you will be responsible for, but not limited to: 
Coordinating automation requirements, maps them to automation systems capabilities, and recommends technical solutions for validating, enabling, and debugging current and upcoming Memory and Power Management technologies on server products. 
Create, define, and develop system validation environment and test suites, use, and apply emulation and platform level tools and techniques to ensure performance to spec. 
Integrate, tests, configure, and/or support automation software systems. 
Apply advanced troubleshooting to automation system problems. 
Drives continuous improvement efforts to meet automation systems health goals, as well as emerging capability needs. 
Serves as site expert for a designated set of automation systems, including representing integrated needs in cross functional and cross site teams. 
Software development of related enhancements, supplemental systems, and/or support and monitoring tools. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Educational Requirements 
Bachelor's degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field. 
Minimum Qualifications 
3+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: 
Python development 
Version control mechanisms - Subversion/ Git 
Automation Infrastructure and/or Content Development 
Preferred Qualifications 
Experience with hardware products 
Experience with silicon validation execution 
Experience with CI/CD infrastructure development 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Automation Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Automation Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,442 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
