
 
 
 
 Corporate Counsel - Charlotte, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Counsel Red Ventures 703 reviews Charlotte, NC Red Ventures 703 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Red Ventures uses cutting-edge machine learning / artificial intelligence systems to design and implement digital marketing campaigns and websites for some of the biggest brands in the world, as well as for Red Ventures owned and operated sites such as CNET, Metacritic, GameSpot, Giant Bomb, MYMOVE, Healthline, Bankrate, CreditCards.com, The Points Guy, and Lonely Planet. We are the best at what we do, which has made us a multi-billion dollar business that continues to grow rapidly both nationally and internationally. Red Ventures is a great place to work. Our culture is second to none, our facilities and perks are insane, and we give back to our communities.
 
Red Ventures provides services across many industries and in this role, you will provide litigation and employment law support across a multitude of industries with unique business and legal considerations. With an environment that presents unique and evolving challenges, we need a talented, creative, multi-faceted Corporate Counsel who can hit the ground running.
 
 What You'll Do: 
Manage assigned commercial and employment litigation, including case intake, litigation holds, e-discovery, fact-finding and analysis, witness preparation, depositions, motion practice, and trial preparation and presentation
 
Respond to subpoenas and requests for information and documents
 
Draft employment agreements, handbooks, bonus and commission plans, settlements, separation agreements, and other employment and litigation related policies
 
Provide day-to-day proactive employment law advice, assistance and counsel to HR and management on a variety of subjects, including hiring practices and procedures, employee performance management and separations, FMLA and other protected leaves, ADA reasonable accommodation, and wage and hour issues
 
Investigate and defend state and federal charges of discrimination, wage/hour audits, and other regulatory complaints, including preparation of position statements and other responsive documents
 
Work with insurers to ensure covered claims are handled appropriately
 
Assist in with mergers and acquisitions, related integrations, as well as reductions in force and location closings
 
 What We're Looking For: 
Juris Doctor degree from an ABA-accredited U.S. law school, and member of the bar of at least one U.S. jurisdiction
 
At least 3 years of litigation and/or employment law experience
 
Experience developing ESI discovery protocols and with e-discovery software platforms
 
Experience with Title VII, the Equal Pay Act, FLSA, FMLA, ADEA, ADA, OWBPA, WARN, state leave and break laws, workplace safety requirements, wage and hour mandates, whistleblower protections, and other employment-related laws
 
Strong oral and written communication and relationship building skills
 
 Who We Are: 
Founded in 2000, Red Ventures is a portfolio of growing digital businesses that bring consumers and brands together through integrated e-commerce, strategic partnerships and many proprietary brands including Bankrate, AllConnect.com and Reviews.com. Headquartered south of Charlotte, NC, Red Ventures has over 3000 employees in offices across the US, as well as London and Sao Paulo. For more information, visit redventures.com .
 
We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits program for full-time employees, including medical, dental and vision coverage, paid time off, life insurance, disability coverage, employee assistance program, 401(k) plan and a paid parental leave program.
 
Red Ventures is an equal opportunity employer that does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or any other basis protected by law. Employment at Red Ventures is based solely on a person's merit and qualifications.
 
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with disabilities. This includes providing reasonable accommodation where appropriate. Should you require a reasonable accommodation to apply or participate in the job application or interview process, please contact accommodation@redventures.com . Red Ventures 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Corporate Counsel jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Red Ventures in Charlotte, NC Corporate Counsel salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Red Ventures Red Ventures 703 reviews Red Ventures combines the speed and agility of a start-up with the technology power and reach of a global, multi-billion-dollar business.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
