
 
 
 
 Creative Director - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Creative Director Rev.com 1,153 reviews Austin, TX Remote Rev.com 1,153 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Position
 
Do you want to work at a high-growth company where your impact is seen and rewarded? Are you looking for the autonomy to do your best work? We are seeking a Creative Director to drive the overall brand voice, identity, and creative content for Rev while meeting our creative, marketing, brand, and business objectives.
 
With deep expertise in creating strategic and engaging experiences, you will elevate our cross-channel marketing approaches, tying together a cohesive message through copywriting, brand development, digital, and other creative outlets. This role will report to Rev's VP of Marketing.
 
Responsibilities
 
Guide the development and evolution of our brand, voice, and strategy as Rev evolves as a company
 Identify and build out new functions to scale the team—whether it be hiring in-house or partnering with contractors/agencies
 Mature our design operations to prioritize requests against business goals, scale the team through improved systems and processes, and streamline how we work on creative projects as a marketing organization
 Collaborate effectively with other leaders at Rev and setup processes for teams to engage and work with the creative team
 Partner with the broader marketing team to build out performance-driven advertising campaign programs, uplevel product launches, deliver amazing brand experiences at events, and more
 Foster an open culture of design critique and feedback across product and brand design teams
 Help us define Rev's brand's story and help evangelize our brand through blog posts, events, and other mediums
 
Qualifications
 
10+ years of relevant work in a creative field, with a diverse portfolio of work that demonstrates experience in web, events, digital advertising, social, sales support, and campaigns
 Experience hiring, building, and scaling a design team
 Experience building out in-house design operations and partnerships with external agencies/contractors
 Strong communicator and collaborator; experience working with executives and leaders
 Passion for mentoring and coaching creative teams, as well as attracting new talent
 
Life at Rev
 
Rev is a profitable, growth-stage startup that specializes in meeting the speech-to-text needs of hundreds of thousands of customers annually through its unmatched combination of the world's most accurate speech AI and the world's largest community of freelancers working side-by-side.
 
Rev's suite of products includes transcription, captioning, subtitling, as well as a live-captioning app for Zoom video conferencing. Rev also boasts seamless integrations with YouTube and Vimeo, as well as custom APIs for enterprise clients who need novel speech-to-text solutions.
 
Founded in 2010 by five MIT alumni, Rev has raised millions of dollars in venture capital from top Silicon Valley VCs and experienced exceptionally rapid growth, both internally and externally. Rev was recently named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies and is a destination for the world's foremost engineers and speech scientists.
 
Our promise is to create great work from home jobs, powered by AI. Our vision is to transcend all barriers of communication. Joining Rev means joining a team of smart, passionate, and friendly people with different backgrounds, shared ideas, and similar goals. Oh, and tons of perks!
 
 Get Paid:  Be competitively compensated by a well-funded startup. Enjoy full benefits, options, and a 401k.
 
 Desk Budget & Office Equipment:  Rev will provide you with a new laptop. You will also have a budget to outfit your workspace.
 
 Make a Difference:  Be measured by your impact, not your effort. Help create real jobs for real people.
 
 Work Where You Want:  For most roles, be free to stay at home, come to the office, or work from a coffee shop.
 
 Have Fun:  Plan and participate in events like field day, baseball games, ski trips and happy hours.
 
 Stretch Yourself:  Learn new skills, talk to customers, drive product improvements, or learn to design. We will push you to your limits.
 
We encourage and celebrate different perspectives regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, age, race, origin, religion, caregiver status, disability, ethnicity, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Multiple points of view fuel our innovation and connect us closer to Revvers, our customers and each other.
 
Rev is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related conditions), gender identity or expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws and ordinances. Rev.com 's management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, access to facilities and programs and general treatment during employment.
 
 
 We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. 
 
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about our Privacy Policy for California residents linked here . Rev.com 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Creative Director jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Rev.com in Austin, TX Creative Director salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rev.com Rev.com 1,153 reviews Rev is the largest and most popular voice-to-text service in the world with more than 170,000 customers globally. Recognized widely as th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
