
 
 
 
 Market Intelligence Product Mgr - Technical - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Market Intelligence Product Mgr - Technical Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Palo Alto, CA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 5+ years of product management of a highly technical product, or product for technical users 
 Experience writing technical user stories for developers and data engineers, and embedding closely throughout the development process 
 Strong customer-facing skills in influencing, facilitating trade-off negotiations, prioritization, and escalations 
 
The Market Intelligence team for Workforce Staffing applies science, data and insights to optimize hiring for Amazon’s largest candidate population – Tier 1 Associates. Amazon's hourly workforce brings the magic of Amazon’s industry-leading customer fulfillment to life. The pace at which job creation, hiring, and growth must happen to support the scale and complexity of Amazon businesses is a problem Amazon is uniquely qualified to solve and innovate on. Workforce Staffing literally hires by the hundreds of thousands across multiple business lines, job types, and shift configurations. The Market Intelligence team in particular focuses on applying labor market, competitor, and candidate preference intelligence to enhance job offerings, mitigate operational risk, and sustain Amazon position in the market. Come join a team that is continually shaping and writing the future of the hourly worker landscape.
 
What is the role?
 The Senior Product Manager - Technical, owns the product roadmap and execution for a new market intelligence tool that will diagnose the market health of different locales, provide insights and recommendations, and labor planning guidance to operators, centralized teams, and senior Operational leadership. You will partner closely with a science team, data engineering, and software development teams to deliver transformational data products and insights. This will arm field operators with standardized intelligence to make critical decisions quickly armed with science-based analysis. This tool will enable operators and operational leadership to think holistically about the labor market, in a way that sustains the market health of the hourly workforce for Amazon jobs.
 
 
 Serial experience launching technical products from inception to stable release 
 Experience with data science or machine learning/artificial intelligence-based products 
 Start-up, management consulting, venture capital, or related experience 
 Strong writing skills 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Market Manager jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Palo Alto, CA Market Manager salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
