
 
 
 
 RFP Specialist - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RFP Specialist Pagaya Investments New York, NY About Pagaya 
 
Pagaya is a financial technology company reshaping the asset management space using machine learning and big data analytics to manage institutional money. With a focus on fixed income and alternative credit, Pagaya offers a variety of discretionary funds to institutional investors including pension funds, insurance companies and banks. 
 
Pagaya’s unique technology platform — Pagaya Pulse — runs on a suite of artificial intelligence technologies and state-of-the-art algorithms to deliver a consistently high and scalable performance edge. The company was founded in 2016 by seasoned finance and technology professionals with offices in New York and Tel Aviv. 
 
The team manages over $3.2 billion in assets on behalf of institutional investors around the world. We just completed its Series D financing of over $100M led by a prominent sovereign wealth fund. 
 
Who We Are 
 
 Direct: We believe in expedient and direct communication. 
 Rapid Learner: We’re constantly learning. 
 Collaborative: We value collaboration and teamwork. 
 Open-minded: We’re always open to new ideas and ways of doing things. 
 Super Power: We all have a special super-power that makes us a unique asset to the company 
 
 Our Team 
 
Our team comprises over 250 professionals in New York and Tel Aviv with expertise in artificial intelligence, data rich alternative assets and asset management. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams - people you can be proud to work with! 
 
Job Summary 
 
We are looking to hire a Request for Proposal Specialist to join our Institutional Asset Management team. In this role, you will be responsible for all phases of the proposal process for RFPs, DDQs and Questionnaires. This role is responsible for researching, writing, editing, reviewing and producing proposals as well as responding to due diligence 
 
This is a unique opportunity to support new business acquisition and help retain existing clients, while partnering with investment research, sales and business development teams, and legal/compliance. 
 
The ideal candidate is ideally someone who is collaborative, autonomous, and detail oriented. We’re also looking for someone who is energized by building and structuring the RFP process from the ground up. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Owning and optimizing RFPs, DDQs and Questionnaires along the investment management sales lifecycle. 
 Project manage the proposal process from qualification to completion and delivery. 
 Lead communication of proposals, DDQs and RFIs, including scheduling vetting calls and delivering timelines with a list of action items to all stakeholders. 
 Research, write, and edit accurate, compelling and client-focused responses to RFPs, RFIs, and due diligence requests 
 Produce effective and compelling representations of data and analysis for targeted content which optimizes client and prospect communication 
 Implement and manage an RFP Response Platform (we currently use Salesforce) 
 Requirements 
 5+ years directly related work experience in an Investment Management firm, consulting firm, pension plan, institutional sales team, or equivalent 
 Strong project management skills with high attention to detail 
 Excellent writing skills with experience completing RFIs/RFPs/DDQs 
 Strong client management skills 
 Prior experience working with third party databases, tools, and technologies like Salesforce 
 Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Generous paid time off policy 
 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance 
 Discretionary bonuses 
 Unlimited snacks and beverages 
 A diverse and inclusive culture Pagaya Investments 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Pagaya Investments in New York, NY Specialist salaries in New York, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
