
 
 
 
 Director of Business Intelligence - Boca Raton, FL 33487 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Business Intelligence Vertical Bridge 5 reviews Boca Raton, FL 33487 Vertical Bridge 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Director of Business Intelligence is primarily responsible for building, developing, and advancing the
 
Company’s approach to data analytics. Leading a small group of data engineers will require a hands-on approach
 
with strong leadership and collaboration skills. The role will drive technology best practices in terms of execution
 
and implementation, along with platform selection to facilitate the Company’s data ecosystem. 
 
 Job Functions:
 
1. Lead and inspire a small group of data engineers and work collaborative with the team to provide ample
 opportunity to grow and challenge the skillsets of the group.
 
2. Define, plan, and implement all Business Intelligence initiatives in a timely manner, respecting the
 commitments made to the business partners.
 
3. Determine strategy for people, process, product, and technology that enables the business to use data in
 predictive and strategic way. Develop a strong curiosity for the role, and the team, to seek what is next for
 
the data strategy of the company
 4. Collaborate with leadership and other key individuals to understand business needs and opportunities of
 
how business intelligence can be used to assist in the day-to-day operations
 5. Provide a high level of energy, engagement, collaboration, and communication with staff; with a
 
commitment to deliver continuously
 6. Supplement the team’s development when needed to ensure commitments are made, and value is being
 
delivered to the business
 7. Lead assessments to identify data assets, evaluate current technology stack and capabilities. Establish a
 
roadmap for advancing these areas to successfully execute on data strategy
 8. Advance IT maturity, enabling data-driven decisions and automation opportunities that lead to reduced
 
timelines and resources while increasing overall capabilities 
 
 Working Conditions and Physical Demands:
 
Position will work directly in the corporate office. Candidate must have the flexibility to occasionally work
 
overtime.
 
 
 Qualifications:
 
1. Minimum of 10 years of experience in data analytics implementation, from requirements gather with
 business partners, through development, testing, training, and implementation
 
2. Minimum 10 years of experience with enterprise-level data platforms and functions; including but not
 limited to Microsoft SQL Server, Azure SQL, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, Azure Functions, Analysis
 
Services
 3. Minimum 5 years of extensive Microsoft Power BI implementation and development
 
4. Minimum 5 years of understanding Database Administration key concepts; optimization, backups,
 replication
 
5. Experience in the NetSuite platform a plus
 
6. Experience in Data Science, Machine Learning, or Artificial Intelligence a plus
 
7. Experience in GIS Spatial data analysis and implementation a plus 
 
 8. Experience in developing ESRI ArcGIS platforms a plus
 
9. Experience in Boomi Integration platform a plus
 
10. Knowledgeable of web-based software development technologies (Angular, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML5) or
 experience with similar framework, RESTful API and JSON, ASP.NET MVC and traditional ASP.NET
 
technologies (i.e., web forms, web controls, WCF and SOAP services) a plus
 11. Knowledge of software development life cycle (SDLC) best practices including version control and,
 
preferable, exposure to test driven development. Experience in an agile environment is helpful.
 12. Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills, the ability to establish and maintain
 
effective working relations with internal and external clients as well as vendors. 
 13. Need the ability to follow established company protocol and communication guidelines, and be able to
 
prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment and work well within a team-oriented environment as well as
 
being able to work independently 
 
 Vertical Bridge is committed to a policy of equal employment and will not discriminate against an applicant or
 
 employee. Vertical Bridge is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. Vertical Bridge 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Boca Raton, FL Jobs at Vertical Bridge in Boca Raton, FL Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Boca Raton, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vertical Bridge 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
