
 
 
 
 Python/SQL Data Engineer, Consultant - Applied Artificial Intelligence - Phoenix, AZ 85012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Python/SQL Data Engineer, Consultant - Applied Artificial Intelligence Deloitte 10,102 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85012 Deloitte 10,102 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Work you'll do 
Consultants work within an engagement team. Key responsibilities will include: 
 Function as integrators between business needs and technology solutions, helping to create technology solutions to meet clients' business needs. Defining systems strategy, developing system requirements, designing, prototyping, and testing custom technology solutions, and supporting system implementation. 
The Team 
Analytics & Cognitive 
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. 
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. 
Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to: 
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms 
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions 
Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements 
 
Qualifications Required: 
 
2+ years of relevant technology architecture consulting or industry experience to include experience in Information delivery, Analytics or Artificial Intelligence based on data 
2+ years of experience in Python 
1+ year experience SQL 
1 year of hands on experience with data core modernization and data ingestion. 
1+ year experience leading workstreams or small teams 
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent professional experience 
Limited immigration sponsorship may be available. 
Willingness for weekly client-based travel, up to 50% (Monday - Thursday/Friday). (While 50% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.) 
Preferred: 
An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred. 
Deep hands-on skills with Python (PySpark) 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Vision and/or Conversational/NLP applications 
Experience in designing and implementing scalable, distributed systems leveraging cloud computing technologies like AWS EC2, AWS Elastic Map Reduce and Microsoft Azure 
Experience with Data Integration on traditional and Hadoop environments 
Experience working with multi-Terabyte data sets 
Experience designing and developing data cleansing routines utilizing typical data quality functions involving standardization, transformation, rationalization, linking and matching 
Knowledge of data, master data and metadata related standards, processes and technology 
Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). 
anccon Deloitte 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Python Developer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Deloitte in Phoenix, AZ Python Developer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,102 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
