
 
 
 
 Enterprise Customer Success Manager - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Enterprise Customer Success Manager - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
As an Enterprise Customer Success Manager at Seamless, you will be responsible for monitoring and managing the health and success of our enterprise accounts, drive growth and product adoption across our customer base, and ensure retention of existing business. The Enterprise Customer Success Manager will be responsible for holding our customers accountable to attending regular strategy calls and business reviews, identifying and prospecting opportunities to grow account value, and serving as a direct through-line for feedback to our leadership team on the needs of our enterprise customers as it affects our product road-map. 
Apply today if you have:
 Customer Success account management experience at a B2B SaaS company, preferably high transaction/sales. Proven experience growing, not just retaining, the revenue associated with enterprise customer accounts. Prior experience managing accounts at various stages of adoption Experience partnering with product/development teams and subject matter experts, or working in a Scrum or Agile environment is a plus 
 Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Customer Success Manager salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
