
 
 
 
 Tableau Engineer - Remote US - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tableau Engineer - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Remote Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
The Tableau Engineer will be a key member of the product and development team, helping us to deeply understand our users and ensure that we maximize the impact of our platform. This individual will be working across all BUs to understand our data and make business decisions based on what the data is telling us (marketing, sales, cs, etc). This role will report to the VP of Product and help to inform key product decisions with a data-driven approach and product-led mindset. Technical understanding with 2-3+ years of experience using Tableau is required. 
 
About Seamless 
Seamless delivers the world’s best sales leads. Through our product, we help sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence; by development of a robust real-time contact and company search engine as well as a suite of technically-advanced tools to support sales and lead generation. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and have been recently awarded #9 on G2’s “Fastest Growing Products” List in 2021, Best Place to Work in 2020, and ranked in LinkedIn's Top 50 Startups of 2020! 
 
The Seamless Family 
We have an amazing culture and work environment that anyone would want to be a part of. We encourage a culture of positivity. We thrive off of continuous feedback and do whatever it takes to help our team and customers be successful. You will grow as an individual, professionally, and be able to see and feel the impact you are making to the growth of Seamless every day. 
 
Role Responsibilities Design, develop and deploy Tableau dashboards to enable data-driven decision-making Build and present powerful, interactive visualizations of our data Create functional and technical documentation related to business intelligence solutions Audit peer dashboards and provide constructive feedback Lead data analysis and identify insights from product usage to drive product updates, enhancements and fixes Work closely with data analytics platform SME (Product Ops) to maintain and optimize those platforms, including Gainsight (CX and PX), Tableau, Hotjar and Google Analytics Evaluate and assist in decision making for any new analytics and product data platforms to enhance our analytics tech stack Ensure all product features are properly tagged, working closely with the development team to implement product tagging plans Work closely with our VP of Product to derive data-driven insights from product usage data Manage development of data resources, gather requirements, organize sources, and support tagging and measurement surrounding product launches Ideate, plan and manage A/B Testing within the product, with support from our product and development teams Build and scale our product analytics team 
 
Candidate Requirements Bachelor’s degree in Analytics, Mathematics/Statistics, Computer Science or related field or equivalent professional experience required 3-5+ years of experience in data analytics (with 2-3+ years using Tableau required) Deep experience with creating Tableau dashboards for every mission-critical department Experience working in software and digital products. Deep understanding of data visualization best practices Experience in a business intelligence function in a B2B organization preferred Strong technical understanding and experience implementing tagging and strategy for software and/or online product analytics. Analytics certifications are a plus. Experience with our current analytics stack is a plus: Google Analytics, Tableau, Gainsight, Hotjar (or similar platforms) Top notch organizational skills and ability to work within processes, as well as develop and optimize processes. Ability to collaborate with team members and execute on project plans that require input from others on the team Ability to execute on multiple projects simultaneously. Exemplary personal and professional integrity and business ethics. Thorough attention to detail, highly organized and adaptable to shifting business priorities, have a passion for analytics and be able to instill that enthusiasm in others 
 Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tableau Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at Seamless.AI in Remote Tableau Developer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
