
 
 
 
 Customer Program Manager - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Program Manager NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At NVIDIA, we are passionate about visual computing and machine learning which is becoming the backbone of Artificial Intelligence products and services. Our technology is at the heart of state-of-the-art innovation in a large range of products including robotics, autonomous delivery vehicles, medical devices and intelligent video analytic systems. And we've only scratched the surface of what we can accomplish when we apply our technology to it. We need passionate, hardworking and creative people to help us seek some of these rare opportunities.
 What you'll be doing:
 Lead cross-functional teams by integrating the customer, hardware and software partners, with NVIDIA, to build at the edge Artificial Intelligence and Computer Vision products.
 Define the strategy and tactics for successfully executing embedded product solutions and integration of complex hardware and software stacks, from evaluation/proof-of-concept to design/development/qualification/validation, through customer acceptance and start of production.
 Execute the plan you craft by: scoping the project, identifying and assembling the core support team, formally kicking off the project with customers, developing a joint project timeline, supporting the design-in effort by providing technical collateral/tools, leading engineering design reviews, ensuring the implementation of any customer-required features, driving resolution of any blocking issues/bugs, and ensuring timely customer acceptance and production deployment.
 Effectively organize and lead complex technical engineering-to-engineering (hardware and software) discussions
 Work closely with engineering, operations, quality, product management, and sales teams to resolve technical and logistical issues, set correct expectations and keep the scope of the projects on a track to successful execution
 Regularly communicate the program status and key issues to customer and management
 Identify organizational learning opportunities for continuous improvements
 What we need to see:
 BS/MS Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent work experience
 5+ years in embedded or related industry with a focus on program/project management
 Proven deep customer savvy born of executing complex programs, especially with strategic customers with complex hardware and software architectures
 Strong technical savvy, including working knowledge of board/system design, BSP development and AI solutions (computer vision/machine learning/deep learning)
 Supreme leadership skills across broad and diverse functional teams in a global environment
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Strong experience in working with customers on complex products with leading edge hardware and software architectures that create new and innovative solutions.
 Comfortable defining and executing complex program with intimate understanding of dependencies, critical paths, key and critical landmarks, and results. Knowledge of embedded systems and AI solutions is a plus.
 Consistent record of handling multiple customers and customer programs across worldwide geographies and time zones
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Program Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
