
 
 
 
 Growth Engineer - Provo, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Growth Engineer BEN Group, Inc Provo, UT Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who  YOU  Are 
Do you have an affinity for technology? Are you an experienced front end developer with a passion for optimization, high growth and marketing techniques? Are you always looking for a way to improve and enhance how things are done, discovering ways to squeeze out that extra 5%? Can you A/B test a funnel or website flow and work with stake holders to drive big results? Are you just as happy in code as you are talking about churn, profit and click through rates? Do you thrive on empowering and enabling productive teams, projects and driving big results? If you want to work with a highly talented, diverse, and motivated team with great camaraderie, this could be your dream job. 
As a  Growth Engineer , you would be joining an extremely successful product, TubeBuddy. Your role would be to help our growth and marketing departments make the most of the amazing product we offer and help every potential customer gets to the right destination and result. Your day to day would be working with the growth and marketing teams, but you are also part of the wider technology group. This position is available as fully remote or you could be located in one of our US offices, if you prefer. 
Who  WE  Are 
BEN Group, Inc. connects global brands to consumers through the power of popular entertainment. From the world-leading product integration platform, to the global leader for rights clearances and representation (Greenlight), to the best in class Influencer channel optimization solutions (TubeBuddy), BEN Group helps elevate projects, amplify brands, and captivate audiences. Our team is global, with offices in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, London, Shanghai, and Provo.
 At BEN, we recognize that our employees are the key to the company’s success and work hard to maintain our incredible company culture. While BEN is a well-established organization and a recognized industry leader with a rich history of integration and licensing success stories, we have not abandoned our start-up mentality. BEN continually evolves branding strategies through artificial intelligence and predictive modeling to meet the unique needs of our clients. To that end, BEN is results-oriented, client-centric, and highly creative organization which offers candidates the opportunity to learn from the best and the brightest in this dynamic industry. BEN offers a competitive benefits package and promotes an environment which supports our core values of Passion, Accountability, Teamwork, Empowerment and Inclusion. 
 Responsibilities 
Working closely with our growth and marketing teams to drive measurable results 
Launch, measure and optimizes metrics-driven flows and experiments across our websites, emails and e-commerce platforms 
Be the technical partner and developer for your cross functional team, as you implement Build/Measure/Learn cycles 
Integrate 3rd party SaaS solutions with our platforms and other SaaS solutions to solve business needs 
Stay on top of the latest technologies, services and trends in the growth and marketing industry 
Ship weekly if not daily 
Make TubeBuddy even better 
 Qualifications 
At least one year experience in growth hacking / optimization projects, must include A/B testing 
At least one year experience working with modern CMS and e-commerce systems (WordPress, WooCommerce, Shopify etc) 
Extremely comfortable using and integrating with marketing software / SaaS such as Google Tag Manager, Amplitude, tracking pixels and similar 
Minimum of three years of front-end software development experience (HTML, CSS, JS etc), back end (.Net, APIs etc) experience a bonus. 
Solid knowledge of current web, e-commerce and marketing technologies and trends 
A passion for best practice design and code and a desire to develop innovative new ideas 
Comfortable with modern software development practices (Git, Jira, Scrum etc) 
A good understanding of SEO/SEM and the mechanics of funnels, conversions and sales 
Previous experience in a SaaS/Subscription product company (a strong plus) 
An understanding of YouTube, Twitch, Instagram its creators and the creator communities (a plus) 
Good at Mario Kart (optional) 
Most importantly - An inquisitive mind, someone who enjoys learning and having success as a team BEN Group, Inc 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Provo, UT Jobs at BEN Group in Provo, UT Engineer salaries in Provo, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from BEN Group, Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
