
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Engineer The Meet Group 3 reviews Remote Remote The Meet Group 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ***Remote Qualifies in these states: AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, IL, MA, MI, MN, NJ, NY, PHL, PA, NYC, TN, TX, WI, VE*** 
HQ Locations are: New Hope, PA AND Philadelphia, PA 
By leveraging cutting-edge technologies, innovative product design, and advancements in machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities, The Meet Group strives to maintain its position as a personal connection leader. Our team's goal is to create a truly personalized user experience while fostering additional business opportunities and operational efficiencies. 
As a talented senior-level Machine Learning Engineer, you love the challenge of solving real-world problems using the latest techniques and tools that bring your models to life. You have experience and are fulfilled by teaching and guiding others. You learn and adapt quickly and can use every tool at your disposal-software, algorithms, statistical models, and beyond-to thoroughly understand and solve challenging problems. You think about modeling considerations in the context of not only implementation but, more importantly, runtime. You appreciate the difference between explaining and fitting statistical models, the importance of useful metrics, and the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation. 
 As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer on our Machine Learning team, you will be: 
Developing, testing, and deploying machine learning algorithms to support and improve business processes. 
Creating and maintaining a framework for deploying machine learning algorithms. 
Building applications to implement, track, and monitor models, ensuring the accuracy of deployed algorithms on an ongoing basis. 
Engineering ML-based solutions and algorithms to meet the needs of various TMG business units. 
Conducting end-to-end analysis, including data gathering from internal and external sources; specifying requirements; processing, compiling, and validating data; and ensuring deliverables are met. 
Collaborating with other technology and business teams to build creative and viable solutions. 
Working hand-in-hand with Machine Learning Software Engineers to ensure a consistent and reliable ML pipeline. 
 Machine Learning Technology Experience: 
TensorFlow 
Keras 
Scikit 
SageMaker 
 General Technology Experience:
 Python 
NodeJS 
S3 
SQL (Redshift/Athena) 
RabbitMQ 
Kafka 
Comfortable with ssh, bash, and linux 
 As part of the team, you'll enjoy:
 Tremendous opportunity to solve some of the industry’s most important challenges 
Working with an extraordinary team of smart, creative, fun and highly motivated people 
Comprehensive health coverage, competitive salary, 401(k) match 
Extensive PTO plan and flexible working hours 
 The Meet Group is a portfolio of mobile social entertainment apps designed to meet the universal need for human connection. We leverage a powerful live-streaming video platform, empowering our global community to forge meaningful connections. Our primary apps, MeetMe®, LOVOO®, Skout®, Tagged®, and GROWLr, entertain millions of mobile daily active users, generating untold numbers of casual chats, friendships, dates, and marriages. Our apps, available on iPhone, iPad, and Android in multiple languages, combine product innovation with sophisticated data science to both entertain and connect our audience. The Meet Group has a diversified revenue mix consisting of in-app purchases, subscription, and advertising, and we have offices in New Hope, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Dresden, and Berlin. For more information, visit themeetgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn. 
The Meet Group is an equal opportunity employer and a participating employer of Everify. We value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status The Meet Group 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at The Meet Group in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Meet Group The Meet Group 3 reviews The Meet Group, Inc. |  NASDAQ: MEET | As the leading social network for meeting new people in the US, and the public market leader for s... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
