
 
 
 
 New College Graduate: Natural Language Processing Staff Scientist I - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search New College Graduate: Natural Language Processing Staff Scientist I Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Temporarily remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  None / Not Required 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  180400BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  05/10/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 State  MA
 Country  United States 
 Are you an experienced, passionate pioneer in technology – who is versatile, displays leadership qualities and is enthusiastic about tackling new problems? Do you enjoy creating experiments, prototyping implementations or designing new learning algorithms? If so, then BBN is the place for you. 
 
 Who we are 
For more than 70 years, scientists and engineers in diverse disciplines at BBN have collaborated to solve real-world problems through research, exploration, development and prototyping. We partner with the best technical talent in academia and industry to challenge the status quo, pioneer new technologies, and create transformative solutions. 
 
Our Analytics & Machine Intelligence team has the expertise to apply deep knowledge of machine learning approaches and other artificial intelligence techniques, learned and refined in human language technologies, to myriad problems faced by our current and future customers. We are seeking creative and talented Natural Language Processing researchers to join us in our research and development efforts. 
 
We combine deep knowledge of linguistic structures with state-of-the-art statistical approaches to find critical patterns in language to help in translation, event extraction, and profile generation. We apply this knowledge in challenging tasks: finding and summarizing key information in multi-lingual corpora, understanding the relations between world events, predicting future events, and forming multiple interpretations of real-world situations. 
 
 What you will do 
 Design and implement experiments to test new hypotheses regarding: Information Extraction Cross-lingual NLP Cross-lingual Information Retrieval Machine Translation Abstractive Summarization Automatic Knowledge Base Construction Ontology Grounding Test new methods against a variety of challenging datasets Participate in collaborative evaluations that test our implementations on new data Write and present conference papers about your work at peer-reviewed venues 
 
What you will gain 
 Experience with cutting-edge research and prototype development A deeper understanding of language structure and usage in a variety of domains, including social media and formal contexts Familiarity with state-of-the-art machine learning techniques and programming packages Opportunities to propose new ideas and solutions to challenging scientific and technological problems Empowerment to satisfy your scientific curiosity and entrepreneurial drive Flexibility to work on the schedule that fits your lifestyle and needs A dedicated office where you can design your ideal working environment and express your own personality 
 
What you need 
 BS with 2+ years, or MS with 0-2 years Degrees in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computational Linguistics, Electrical Engineering, and other related fields are all welcome Experience with all aspects of carrying out a research project: idea generation, data management, software implementation, and testing. Familiarity with state-of-the-art techniques used in addressing NLP challenges. Comfortable supporting research codebases written in Python or Java. Experience working on code collaboratively, including use of tools such as git and issue tracking. Position may require some amount of overnight travel. 
 
Additional Skills that make you an ideal candidate 
 One or more publications in natural language processing or human language technologies. Excellent written and oral communication skills, and a willingness to work closely with customers and partners. Strong communicator with demonstrated ability to address customer needs in a dynamic environment Participation in research regarding cross-lingual or non-English natural language data. Background in probability, statistics, or machine learning Strong programming skills, e.g. system design and implementation Project experience with reinforcement learning Previous participation on government research programs, such as LORELEI, MATERIAL, or AIDA. Eligibility for a security clearance (NOT REQUIRED) We also welcome applications from non-U.S. persons. 
 
Why Us? 
Raytheon BBN is proud to offer a comprehensive total compensation package including a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, and competitive benefits package. In addition to protecting your and your family’s health and well-being, we also offer important financial and family friendly benefits to meet your needs.
 
Our Work/Life benefits include – Paid Parental Leave – Adoption Assistance – Auto and Home Insurance – Child/Elder Back Up Care – College Coach – Retirement Planning Services – Flexible Work Arrangements - Legal Services – LifeResources – Employee Discount Program – Educational Assistance – Transportation Benefits – and Wellness Reward 
 This position requires either (1) US citizenship, (2) Permanent Residency, or (3) other suitable documentation to permit hiring if you are not a US citizen or Permanent Resident. 
 
180400
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Staff Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
