
 
 
 
 Sr. Threat Hunter - Phoenix, AZ 85054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Threat Hunter Choice Hotels 413 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85054 Choice Hotels 413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Sr. Threat Hunter – Information Security Operations
 Our award-winning Choice Hotels Technology Center is revolutionizing hospitality with cloud computing, AWS, big data, machine learning/artificial intelligence (AI), and mobile application development. We pioneer an exciting intersection of hospitality and technology to support our successful franchise model.
 Our culture fosters innovation, encourage disruptive thinking, and sharing ideas as we welcome and respect your voice, empower you to learn, grow, and make your impact.
 Choice Hotels is ever-evolving and we advocate for all our associates to bring their individuality, potential, and personality to work.
 When you #MakeITyourChoice, you’ll have the environment, the tools, and momentum to drive your career and organizational success.
 Do you have an investigator's mindset, intuitively know how to uncover malicious activity, have a deep understanding of computer operating systems and enterprise IT ecosystems? Do you like data?
 We are looking for a  Threat Hunter  who:
 Can query, process and manipulate data in a variety of platforms and formats
 Is able to rapidly understand and leverage new technologies
 Has Incident Response experience and understands how EDR tools work behind the user interface
 Can interpret structured and unstructured intelligence to determine what is critical for meeting your detection objectives
 Has detailed contemporary knowledge of attacker techniques and understands how to identify them in the real world
 Has initiative and creative thinking to achieve solutions to complex problems
 Able to assist Incident Response teams with major incidents as required
 As a member of the Security Operations Team, you will have the opportunity to leverage your Tier 3 experience in incident response, information security, or network security to conduct threat hunting operations. This role reports to the Manager, Security Response.
 Choice is leading the hospitality industry in adopting cloud technology including containers, elastic computing, and SaaS. We have multiple environments that will provide many opportunities for innovative hunts including, not only our production and enterprise environments, but also our development ecosystem and O365 resources.
 The Security Operations team is working on some exciting and innovative projects this year including:
 rolling out a new SIEM,
 leveraging our EDR for hunting,
 developing new use cases for, and
 tuning of our new AWS cloud security tool (Lacework)
 An exciting opportunity for a hunter on our team will be to leverage and develop cloud security knowledge.
 Team Information
 Our dynamic and vibrant cybersecurity team is looking for another team member to join their diverse group:
 They are welcoming and team oriented, have friendly working relationships, comfortable with sharing their knowledge and skills.
 The team consists of mid to senior level professionals, most have 5 years of experience to 15 years, having backgrounds including broad set data science, analytical research, info tech operations, QA testing, cybersecurity engineering and response.
 Their leader is very approachable, interested in growing talent and skill sets best for the individual.
 Team makes time to do things important to the team such as community projects. 
 Beyond the daily work, our team enjoys participating in Choice CRGs, contributing to our annual technology events such as Mastery, Make-a-thon and Bug Bash. We also support professional and technical development through funding associates participation in organizations such as InfraGard, wildwesthackinfest, and Sans.
 Work Scope
 Proactively develops and maintains an understanding of the business technology environment to detect, isolate and remediate threats
 Makes recommendations and works with various teams to address identified issues
 Takes ownership to ensure attacks are thwarted and kill chains broken effectively
 Develops and documents hypothesis driven investigations
 Leverages IOC or Indicators of Attack information to identify anomalies
 Creates and conducts proactive offensive hunting operations to predict attacks and reduce risk
 Collect and leverage threat intelligence to identify, prevent or remediate malicious activities
 Requirements
 Bachelor’s degree (B.S.) in computer science, cybersecurity or equivalent; or four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
 Minimum of 8 years professional Information Technology experience with an emphasis on security.
 Minimum of 4 years demonstrated Incident Response experience.
 Expert understanding of enterprise networking principals, systems, and associated security tools
 Analytical abilities to think critically with a desire to identify and solve complex problems.
 Excellent communication skills; verbal, written and active listening.
 Professional interpersonal skills to interact effectively in a team-oriented office environment. 
 Ability to model Choice’s Cultural Values: Welcome and Respect Everyone, Be Bold, Be Quick, Listen, Be Curious and Show Integrity. Choice Hotels 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Choice Hotels in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Choice Hotels Choice Hotels 413 reviews Choice Hotels:
A Hotel Franchise Company

Thanks to our genuinely outstanding team of associates who serve our franchisees and guests ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
