
 
 
 
 Investigation Specialist - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Investigation Specialist Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Bellevue, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 12+ months experience in investigations 
 Experience working cross functionally with tech and non-tech teams 
 Ability to thrive in an ambiguous and fast-paced work environment 
 Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 
 Have the ability to research complex use cases that involves multiple customer contacts, determining the root cause(s) for the issue and ability to track resolution of process improvement initiatives owned by other teams as a result of your proposals 
 
Are you passionate about Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Are you eager to build out the platform as a service and scale the product for all Customer personas? Thrilled to be part of Amazon's AI organization that has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI technology? If you are someone who enjoys innovating, solving hard problems and working on the cutting edge of technology, come join ADS (Alexa Data Services) team! The ADS organization focuses on providing ground truth data to Alexa engineers and scientists to build and improve ML models and continue evolve Alexa experience for Amazon customers.
 
This Investigation Specialist for ADS will serve to deep dive into our customer’s primary technical and operational issues to ensure their data labeling requests are successful at Amazon Data Services (ADS). They will get their hands dirty supporting a wide range of technology tools and data labeling activities by troubleshooting process, platform, network, database, and architectural challenges to prioritize customer success and deliver results. The investigator will take full ownership of their customer’s functional issues and offer high quality solutions. They are the champion for proactive improvements.
 
All candidates must be capable of succeeding in a fast-paced team environment and have strong judgement to plan and accomplish goals. Excellent individual problem-solving and analytical skills are used to authenticate customers and complex issues.
 
 
 Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions. 
 High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously. 
 History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done. 
 Experience using data to drive sound decision making; strong analytical skills. 
 
 Amazon.com 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Investigator jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Bellevue, WA Investigator salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
