
 
 
 
 Sr. Software Quality Assurance Engineer - San Ramon, CA 94583 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Software Quality Assurance Engineer GE Healthcare 2,071 reviews San Ramon, CA 94583 GE Healthcare 2,071 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description Summary 
GE Healthcare Digital is looking for a Sr. Software QA Engineer to join our Edison AI Services team delivering core services and technologies that empower software teams across GE Healthcare to rapidly create and deliver artificial intelligence-enabled software solutions. You will be responsible for owning all quality efforts directed towards the design and development of Edison AI Services. Self-starter and works independently contributing to product requirements and technical engineering discussions. 
Job Description 
Roles and Responsibilities 
In this role, you will: 
Participate in requirements, design review and planning meetings to create comprehensive test strategies/plans. 
Define and develop overall test automation strategy. 
Perform white box and black box testing of Edison AI microservices. 
Design and develop test automation frameworks. 
Design, create, enhance, and maintain test cases. 
Perform integration testing to ensure end-to-end feature completion. 
Work on performance benchmarking for independent microservices. 
Provide accurate testing effort estimates in planning milestones and deliveries. 
Lead and participate in verification and validation activities and own all quality documentation per release. 
Collaborate with product, program and external teams to ensure timely delivery. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or in “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) 
A minimum of 5 years of professional experience in Software QA or 3 years with Master’s Degree in Computer Science or in “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) 
Hands on experience in developing REST API automation frameworks from scratch using Java/Python.
 Experience with micro services testing in a distributed environment.
 Working knowledge of Python services and technologies
 Experience working closely with customers with excellent oral and written communication skills
 Working knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, AWS
 Experience with performance testing for dockerized microservices.
 Experience with verification and validation activities in a quality compliant setting 
Must be able to take complete ownership of services under test.
 Familiarity with product development lifecycles and highly methodical test discipline, applicable to all product development cycles
 Experience with CLI automation is a nice-to-have. 
Demonstrates the initiative to explore alternate technology and approaches to solving problems 
Has an ability to define work break down structure of all deliverables and estimates them for sizing 
Ability to analyze different testing tools for best fit. 
Our total rewards are designed to unlock your ambition by giving you the boost and flexibility you need to turn your ideas into world-changing realities. Our salary and benefits are everything you’d expect from an organization with global strength and scale, and you’ll be surrounded by career opportunities in a culture that fosters care, collaboration and support. 
#LI-SAN 
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
 Relocation Assistance Provided:  Yes General Electric 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in San Ramon, CA Jobs at GE Healthcare in San Ramon, CA Senior Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in San Ramon, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from GE Healthcare GE Healthcare 2,071 reviews GE Healthcare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions innovator. We enable clinicians to make faster, more informed ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
