
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Backend - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Backend Enlitic San Francisco, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Enlitic is on the verge of transforming patient care by bridging human and artificial intelligence to identify medical issues earlier and more accurately. We were founded in San Francisco in 2014 and our team has since expanded to New York, Vancouver, Canada, and Melbourne, Australia. 
We believe that our ground-breaking work will help save time, money, and most importantly, lives - a belief shared by our investors who have fueled our work with $55 million to date. We have also garnered the attention of CNN, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Inc. and Fortune among other global media outlets, and we were named one of the smartest AI companies by MIT Tech Review. 
Enlitic is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join the Engineering team to support next generation AI enhanced medical diagnostics. The engineering team builds large distributed components that run Enlitic's platform. The Enlitic platform strives to redefine performance in terms of scale and latencies. The engineering team does everything from designing scalable data storage, to building out software components and internal tools. We are looking for candidates who share a passion for tackling complexity and building platforms that can scale through multiple orders of magnitude. 
 The exciting things you will get to do:
 Design scalable backend software components for our core ML products and workflows like search, inference, and training 
Work cross-functionally across data engineering, data science, clinical, design, and product teams. 
Conduct design and code reviews 
Help build the backend APIs that power Curie, our enterprise AI platform for radiologists 
 The experience and qualifications we hope you bring to the position:
 Bachelor's Degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent practical experience 
5+ years coding experience in Python 
2+ years experience building large-scale server applications 
Experience with Django for building REST apis 
Experience with relational databases like Postgres or MySQL 
Bonus: 
Experience with medical imaging data, like DICOM/HL7 
Experience with processing queues like Celery 
Experience with DL frameworks (Tensorflow/Pytorch) 
Experience with docker 
Experience architecting cloud-based solutions within the AWS ecosystem 
 We celebrate diversity at our company and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, gender identity, or disability status. We understand that to hire the best talent, we need to search the globe. We encourage our employees to be themselves and require tolerance and acceptance among our diverse talent. Enlitic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Enlitic in San Francisco, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Enlitic Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
