
 
 
 
 Applied Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Software Engineer - Senior level (Remote) - Alton, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Software Engineer - Senior level (Remote) Allstate 8,190 reviews Alton, IL Remote Allstate 8,190 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
Compensation Data 
The compensation range for this role is in the $130-150K range with a 10% bonus and the final salary offered will be based on skills and experience. 
Job Summary 
The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you’ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 90 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
Job Summary Cont.. 
As Allstate’s Technology Innovation Forward Engineering team, we believe in the ability to compete and thrive in the digital age by quickly responding to market changes and emerging opportunities with innovative business solutions. 
This expert role will be responsible for multiple major technical aspects and forward engineering in the field of machine learning, information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, and ontology engineering technologies. Plays a key role in the vision and realization of cutting-edge technical capabilities into business applications and solutions. 
We’re looking for an experienced Applied Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence person that will be responsible for researching, designing, and building various scales and complexity systems by implementing supervised and unsupervised machine-learning techniques. This individual will apply technologies and methodologies associated with machine learning, information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, and/or ontology engineering technologies. Candidates for this job will work both individually and with small teams to envision and realize cutting-edge ideas through rapid prototyping, development and deployment. 
Key Responsibilities 
Lead Applied Machine Learning software engineering technical competency 
Identify, research and realize key machine learning technical capabilities in the industry 
Lead design and build mid to high complexity machine learning systems 
building data pipelines in getting the data required to build and evaluate ML models. 
Leverage continuous integration and continuous deployment best practices, including test automation and monitoring, to ensure successful deployment of ML models and application code. 
Collaborate as part of a cross-functional Agile team to create and enhance software that enables state-of-the-art, next generation big data and machine learning applications. 
Apply applicable policies and standards while working toward specific objective. 
Independently directs implementation of new initiatives for machine learning technology solutions. 
 
Job Qualifications 
Bachelor’s Degree (MS+ is preferred) in Computer Science/Engineering or a related quantitative discipline. 
Minimum of 7+ years full time hands-on software engineering experience 
Minimum of 3-5 years full time hands-on machine learning or artificial intelligence software engineering experience 
3+ years of experience with programming languages such as Python, Java. 
Experience in deploying machine learning models in microservice architecture on a cloud environment. 
Experience in building models for deep learning, speech recognition and natural language processing systems 
Experience using frameworks for machine learning and data science like scikit-learn, keras, pandas, numpy, XGBoost, TensorFlow, pytorch. 
Experience of software delivery practices including Git and CI/CD tools. 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. 
 As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. 
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Alton, IL Jobs at Allstate in Alton, IL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Alton, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,190 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
