
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer Co-op – IT Digital Engineering - Carlsbad, CA 92008 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineer Co-op – IT Digital Engineering Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,396 reviews Carlsbad, CA 92008 Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,396 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description When you are part of the team of more than 75,000 extraordinary minds at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you will do work with broad societal impact: helping customers find cures for cancer, protecting the environment, making sure our food is safe, and much more. Your work will have real-world impact. Thermo Fisher is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies, or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them. 
Our Co-op program will give you a chance to get real world business and IT experience and build your network before graduation. In this position, you will be expected to learn about how IT supports our business units with software and AI expertise. You will focus on developing AI solutions that will make our scientific instruments smarter and enable the next generation of scientific discovery. You can expect to gain valuable insights into your chosen career field. 
Summary of Co-op 
The Digital Engineering IT AI Engineer Co-op position provides an opportunity for students who are currently pursuing a data science, computer science, computer engineering, or similar degree to get hands on experience working with software developers in a fast-paced environment.  The position starts in July, paid working 40 hours per week through December.  We are looking for students who are creative in tackling complicated problems and are willing to solve technical challenges. 
Qualifications 
Full-time student in data science, computer science, computer engineering, or similar field 
What are the exciting things will you be working on? 
Develop AI solutions to help Thermo Fisher improve business and scientific workflows utilizing computer vision technologies 
Collect and prepare images for object detection and image segmentation tasks 
Train deep learning models to detect objects and segment images 
Learn to deploy deep learning models on mobile and edge devices
 What are the cool technologies will you be learning? 
Computer vision deep learning models 
Application containerization using Docker
 Edge devices 
Mobile application development 
Amazon and Azure Cloud machine learning/AI services 
Latest data science and machine learning technologies – PyTorch, Keras/Tensorflow, OpenCV, Scikit-learn, Jupyter, Pandas, Amazon SageMaker, Azure Machine Learning 
Flask development framework 
How will you get here? 
Required Education/Experience: 
Good programming skills in Python 
Familiarity with working in Linux and Windows environments 
Ability to work independently and as a member of a cross-functional team 
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities 
Demonstrate a passion for machine learning 
Basic knowledge in machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data analysis is a plus 
Basic knowledge of statistics, linear algebra, and calculus is a plus 
Knowledge of Amazon/Microsoft/Google cloud is a plus 
Some exposure to web development is a plus Thermo Fisher Scientific 16 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Engineer jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Carlsbad, CA IT Engineer salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,396 reviews As the world’s leader in serving science, at Thermo Fisher Scientific, our professionals develop critical solutions—and build rewarding c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
