
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Current Health Careers Remote Remote A bit about us
 How many times in your work do you get to save a life? At Current Health, you get to build and create technology that does this every single day. Current Health helps healthcare teams to monitor and manage patient's in their own home. We shine a light on human health outside of the hospital, delivering unprecedented insight's to healthcare professionals and surfacing those who are at high risk of illness before they deteriorate. Current Health uniquely brings together experts in artificial intelligence, biomedical engineering, electronics and software engineering, product design and clinical operations to deliver a technologically and scientifically complex platform globally.
 What does a Data Scientist do here?
 We are looking for Data Scientists who are interested in the cross-section between acquisition of physiological signal from the human body and machine learning.
 
You will work at the intersection between our wearable device and our data platform, Analyse and communicate current performance of algorithms to relevant internal stakeholders. You will create intelligent models to improve real world performance of mathematical based models and time series models to capture new and novel patient deterioration patterns
 
You will be deeply involved in collating and providing diagnostic information to clinical staff to help them better understand their patients leading to the development of biomarkers for detecting patient disease. You will be expected to assist with the design of human studies to collect data.
 
You will have the opportunity to work with teams across the whole organisation from Biomedical, Software, Hardware to Sales and Marketing.
 About you
 
You will have proven experience with a common data science language (ideally python) and a query language
 
You will have experience manipulating large and deep data sets (from 100s MB to 100s TB)
 
You will have experience with feature extraction and feature selection
 
Experience in presenting data driven decisions to non-technical people
 
Experience in extracting data from multiple sources such as S3, Hive, Athena, HDFS
 
You will have experience with time series modelling
 
You will have strong understanding of how to use statistics to evaluate models
 
You will have proven experience using both labelled and unlabelled data to build models
 
Experience with digital signal processing would be a huge bonus i.e. FFTs, digital filtering, wavelet transforms
 
Familiarity with various data science pipelines and lifecycles for iterating models such as unix/liux pipelines would be ideal
 
Experience with source control preferably Git would be beneficial
 
Familiarity of clinical study protocol design
 
Experience with distributed computing i.e. hadoop, spark, hive would be beneficial Current Health Careers 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Current Health Careers in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Current Health Careers Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
