
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Full Stack Developer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Full Stack Developer AVEVA 78 reviews Remote Remote AVEVA 78 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Our Opportunity 
 
 JOB TITLE
 
 
Artificial Intelligence Full Stack Developer 
 
 
 
JOB LOCATION
 
 
Chicago, IL or Lake Forest, CA
 
 
You will be co-located with the artificial intelligence development team members in either the Chicago, IL or the Lake Forest, CA office. The team is distributed and will work remotely most days of the week, but you can expect to come into the office a few times each month to work with the team on planning and for technical workshops. 
 
 
 
ABOUT AVEVA
 
 
AVEVA is a global leader in industrial software, driving digital transformation and sustainability. By connecting the power of information and artificial intelligence with human insight, AVEVA enables teams to use their data to unlock new value. We call this Performance Intelligence. AVEVA’s comprehensive portfolio enables more than 20,000 industrial enterprises to engineer smarter, operate better and drive sustainable efficiency. AVEVA supports customers through a trusted ecosystem that includes 5,500 partners and 5,700 certified developers around the world. The company is headquartered in Cambridge, UK, with over 6,500 employees and 90 offices in over 40 countries. Learn more at www.aveva.com. 
 
 
 
PEOPLE MANAGER
 
 
No. You will be part of a small team of 2-6 developers, testers, and data scientists, but will not be responsible for managing any team members.
 
 
ABOUT THE ROLE
 
 
The Research & Development function at AVEVA is a global team of over 2000 engineers and computer scientists. We work on more than 75 leading industrial automation and engineering products. Our focus, passion, and collaboration help us to deliver innovative, high-quality, and secure industrial software and delight our customers.
 
 
You will be a member of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) software development team. Our team works with other product teams across the business to promote AI and develop AI content. You will work on developing the interface and services that link artificial intelligence features with the end user. You will work closely with the development mangers, testers, data scientists and other developers to ensure the software being developed will securely meet the needs of the end user and perform with high quality and 
 
 
 
IN THIS ROLE
 
 
You will help develop the UI and services layer for the integration of AI into new and existing products. You will help develop the systems that allow customers to interact with AI services. This will include identifying goals for the AI, setting up and managing training data, reviewing the results of the trained data, and running the AI services in the background. You will help develop visualization tools to support analysis and feedback for the user and integration points to support secure access or send information to other systems.
 
 
 Work with stakeholders to define requirements
 Rapid prototype development for early feedback
 Break down features into vertical, testable user stories
 Design distributed algorithms, data structures for performance and scalability
 Develop and test features (automated and manual testing)
 Work with QA to define testing requirements and coordinate on testing efforts
 Participate in daily stand ups, bi-weekly planning, and bi-weekly software demonstrations.
 Capture functional specifications, work with the documentation team to produce and review customer facing documents.
 Analyse and solve performance issues.
 Identify and address scalability concerns early in the development process. 
 
 
QUALIFICATIONS
 
 
You should have experience working with complex, distributed systems and an enthusiasm for applying artificial intelligence and automation to solve real-world problems. You should have experience in these areas:
 
 
 Enthusiasm for AI and machine learning
 Interactive JavaScript / HTML / CSS
 C# or C++
 Client / server, distributed, or cloud computing development experience
 Experience designing and troubleshooting algorithms for complex systems
 Unit and automation test development
 Comfortable with basic statistical and mathematical concepts 
 
 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 
 
Experience in any of these other areas will be very helpful with your day-to-day work. These are preferred areas of experience, but they are not required for application to this role.
 
 
 Cloud and edge application development
 Angular
 Commercial product development and support
 Hands on machine learning experience (product usage, development, tools, testing, etc.)
 Cyber security / authentication
 Distributed system development
 Data visualization and reporting
 UX design experience, responsive design
 Progressive Web Applications 
 
 
AVEVA is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to being an exemplar employer with an inclusive culture, developing a workplace environment where all our employees are treated with dignity and respect. We value diversity and the expertise that people from different backgrounds bring to our business.
 
 
Come and join AVEVA to create the transformative technology that enables our customers to engineer a better world. AVEVA Software 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at AVEVA in Remote Full Stack Developer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from AVEVA AVEVA 78 reviews AVEVA Group plc is a British multinational information technology company headquartered in Cambridge, United Kingdom.  It provides engine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
