
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer WEVO Boston, MA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About WEVO 
 WEVO is a rapidly growing, venture backed, Boston-based startup. 
 Pioneering the pre-live category; WEVO is the first platform to empower UX researchers, marketers and product owners to create the most effective experiences by uncovering why people take action. 
 Using a combination of human augmented artificial intelligence, and machine learning, WEVO generates recommendations for digital experiences that have been proven to meaningfully increase conversion. 
 WEVO has seen continued success during the COVID-19 pandemic, and with recent additional funding, will be expanding the team ahead of further growth targets. 
 About the opportunity 
 This is a unique opportunity to join a growing early-stage startup with a flat organizational structure where you will be closely working with C-level and founding execs. 
 As a Software Engineer at WEVO, you will play an important role in building the next generation of our insights platform. You take pride in creating delightful experiences and are extremely passionate in shipping quality at a fast pace. You enjoy collaborating with a close-knit team to solve challenging problems. 
 You will be a major part of cementing WEVO's position as the creator and the leader of the pre-live testing and optimization category. 
 Responsibilities 
 Build and define delightful experiences that allow our customers to glean insights on their own experiences. 
Strive to ship fast, ship often, and ship high quality. 
Outstanding collaboration, communication, and motivation skills. 
Help with defining a highly-productive culture that makes everyone love working together. 
 Experience / qualifications 
 2+ years experience with modern languages and frameworks (React, NodeJS, Python preferred) 
Experience working with databases (PostgreSQL preferred) 
Familiarity with cloud platforms (AWS preferred) 
Some familiarity with AI/ML concepts and experience applying them in the real world is preferred 
 Benefits 
 We believe that great outcomes are achieved by remarkable people working closely together. 
 WEVO offers an environment that emphasizes personal growth and empowerment. 
 Competitive base salary and meaningful equity stake 
Comprehensive healthcare plan and a 401k plan 
Unlimited vacation days WEVO 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at WEVO in Boston, MA Software Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from WEVO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
