
 
 
 
 Workplace Expert - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Workplace Expert Wonderlic 15 reviews Remote Remote Wonderlic 15 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Work at a company where people truly believe in what they’re doing! At Wonderlic, we combine our science-based assessment background with the best talent to innovate the way modern pre-employment screening is leveraged by the recruiting industry. Our mission is to expertly combine I/O psychology, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to ensure applicants are able to find their best jobs. Wonderlic provides the most trusted, scientifically validated assessments for sophisticated HR teams looking to identify top applicants and accurately predict on-the-job performance potential. 
As a people-first company, we’re constantly on the lookout for the best and brightest minds to propel Wonderlic forward. Do you strive for excellence? Are you driven by the desire to make positive changes in the world you live in? Are you passionate about your craft? Join Wonderlic in shaping the future of our organization. We’d be happy to have you. 
Job Title 
Workplace Expert (Account Executive) 
Overview 
As a Workplace Expert, you’ll be responsible for booking revenue by converting prospects into sales. You will be an integral part of the organization, branching cross-functionally to work collaboratively with other departments including Marketing, Consulting, and Customer Success. You'll serve as an ambassador for our brand and align the needs of our customers with our portfolio of assessment solutions and services. Coupled with your extensive understanding of our products and services, your hunger to close the deal and set customers up for success will give you the competitive edge to be successful at Wonderlic. 
In this role, you’ll: 
Develop quarterly sales plans and actively manage your pipeline to achieve quota 
Demonstrate sales excellence by pioneering Wonderlic’s revenue motions 
Prove and refine a next-generation sales approach for the future Workplace Expert team 
Deliver compelling customer presentations and demonstrations that expertly articulate our value propositions and how they support the prospective client’s unique objectives 
Create and present proposals customized to your customer's unique requirements. 
Manage negotiations involving multiple stakeholders within HR, procurement, legal, and compliance 
Listen carefully and hear clients needs and conduct research on their business and industry in order to anticipate specific questions or concerns 
Demonstrate willingness to learn and understand real-world business cases for different clients that can be applied to future prospects 
Organize and appropriately prioritize client outreach and associated record-keeping 
Acknowledge, connect, and thoughtfully engage with clients 
Carefully move the client through the funnel from prospect to the completion of the sale, including but not limited to discovery conversations, demos, trials, support in understanding tool usage and assessment results, and smoothly transitioning the relationship to the Customer Success team 
Demonstrate willingness and ability to adapt to changing situations internally and externally 
Continue to perform at high levels despite obstacles or roadblocks 
Overcome client objections to close deals 
About you: 
A track record of hitting and exceeding quota 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Have a sharp focus on your goals and a belief that you daily, weekly and monthly activities will help achieve them 
A skilled presenter with proven experience preparing and delivering compelling customer-focused demonstrations and proposals 
An excellent negotiator who effectively balances opportunity value and time to close. 
A highly organized individual who can create and execute on a sales process, and the ability to consistently leverage each stage to advance the sale. 
A consultative sales professional who understands how to sell platform opportunities 
Able to set repeatable processes that support a high volume of transactions 
Experience working with internal marketing, business, and product teams to find efficient paths to successful and profitable customers 
Knows how to sell on business value and goes beyond a feature list. 
Relentlessly sets and pursues short- and long-term goals. 
Can identify opportunities and work through challenges. 
Can effectively leverage in-house expert knowledge to close deals. 
Can accurately make quarterly commits and projections 
Has track record of over-achievement 
Qualifications 
1+ years experience in a quota-carrying sales role in B2B SaaS 
 (2+ years HR Tech experience preferred) 
Full-cycle sales experience (at least 5 figure deals) and handling complex deals 
A track record of hitting and exceeding quota 
High proficiency with Salesforce (2+ years) 
You’ll be measured on: 
Quota attainment (% won revenue to plan) 
New Business Sales 
Activity and process adherence- Measures like outbound calls, emails, and activities with prospects 
Reports To 
Director of Assessment Sales 
Location 
Wonderlic is now a remote organization! We’re excited for you to make us better from anywhere. 
What We Offer 
The opportunity to join an experienced and ambitious team that’s passionate about solving customers’ needs and loves coming to work every day (even if it’s remotely) 
Structured sales training and a clear career growth ladder 
Competitive compensation and benefits 
Start up Culture with the ability to Grow and Develop 
Extremely competitive PTO plus a paid company shutdown from 12/26 to 12/31 
Medical, dental, and vision group insurance 
Company-paid life and long-term disability insurance 
Paid Parental and Primary Caregiver Leave after 1 year of employment 
Opportunities for work from home & flexible work arrangements 
Affirmative Action Plan/Equal Employer Opportunity (AAP/EEO) Statement 
Wonderlic is proud to be an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer. Here, diversity is valued and celebrated, and is what makes us such a successful team. Wonderlic does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, parental status, military/veteran status, or any other factor protected by law. 
 
 Skp3TzvAPl wonderlic 4 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Wonderlic in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wonderlic Wonderlic 15 reviews Wonderlic is a people company. Not just because we work in HR- that helps, don’t get us wrong- but because the Wonderlic executive team m... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
