
 
 
 
 Technical Support Engineer - North Carolina - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Support Engineer Veritone 8 reviews North Carolina Remote Veritone 8 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We are Veritone
 
We are driven by the belief that Artificial Intelligence is mankind's greatest invention. It is the key to building a safer, more vibrant, transparent, and empowered society. We are determined to be an active contributor to shaping our future for the better. We care about the ethical implications of AI and the prosperity and well-being of all individuals, as well as the growth and continued successes of our employees, customers, and partners.
 
Veritone's mission today is more important than ever. We're here to democratize AI and enable every organization and every person with the power of AI. What started in 2014 with the idea of providing unified access to hundreds of cognitive engines through one common software infrastructure, evolved to the world's first AI operating system, aiWARE, which orchestrates a diverse ecosystem of cognitive engines to power intelligent automation for both commercial and government organizations. As we progress, we will continue to move humans from "in" to "on" to "out of the loop" to help them accelerate workflows, save time and costs, and uncover new insights and opportunities. You can view us at: www.veritone.com
 
We are growing and are looking for a positive, outgoing, self-motivator to join our Technical Support Team as a Technical Support Engineer who will report to the Director, Support Services. This role will be 100% remote based.
 
The Technical Support Engineer must be a driven, highly technical, and creative problem solver that is prepared to be on the frontlines of the customer experience. A great candidate for the position will be a detail-oriented individual with previous experience in technical support for an enterprise software company, ideally with a degree in a relevant field such as computer science and technical experience.
 
The Technical Support Engineer assists in operational tasks required to process client content and provides ongoing support of client-specific workflows. This person can detect system issues, will help customers learn to leverage the platform for the best experience while promoting self-sufficiency, and will be an advocate for clients when escalating issues both internally and externally.
 What You'll Do
 
Provide technical product support for a variety of platform applications with use cases spanning across multiple industry verticals.
 Triage and troubleshooting product or service problems by validating the customer's issue, aiding in determining the root cause of the incident, escalating as needed, providing a workaround as necessary; tracking issue resolution and maintaining communication with the affected user(s).
 Ensure that customer issues are assigned accordingly and handled appropriately, leading client correspondence throughout the triage process and working with various departments, clients, and vendors as needed.
 Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies to meet client SLAs
 Submit bugs and issues to engineering teams and assist with managing client expectations on issue resolution.
 Detailed documentation of issue resolutions
 
What You'll Need
 
2+ years in a technical support or related role
 Experience supporting external clients within a SaaS (Software-as-a-service) environment
 Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills along with a positive attitude and desire to provide helpful service.
 Ability to learn quickly, problem solve, and make effective decisions in a fast-paced environment under high-pressure situations.
 Ability to multitask, prioritize objectives, and manage time effectively
 Proven ability to efficiently and effectively interface partners or clients, with the ability to diagnose and troubleshoot basic technical issues and engage with other internal groups to solve more complex issues
 Strong Networking knowledge and hands-on experience
 Proficient with both Windows Server and Linux
 Ability to troubleshoot python and javascript
 Ability to write and execute basic SQL queries
 
 Preferred Experience: 
Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud
 Familiarity with various types of digital media from text and images to audio and video.
 Experience within the Government sector and/or Military experience highly preferred. Ability to gain government clearance preferred.
 
Experience with omni-channel support (email,chat,phone,video)
 
Experience creating and maintaining KM articles
 
Experience supporting Enterprise On-Prem Software
 
What's In It For You
 
A competitive compensation package.
 Stock Options.
 Flexible Time Off.
 Quality benefits:  medical, dental, vision, 401K.
 An opportunity to be a part of the next big thing in artificial intelligence!
 
#LI-NT1 Veritone 21 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Technical Support Engineer jobs in North Carolina Jobs at Veritone in North Carolina Technical Support Engineer salaries in North Carolina Company Info Follow Get job updates from Veritone 8 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
