
 
 
 
 ASIC Verification Engineer – New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Verification Engineer – New College Grad NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We're now looking for a ASIC Verification Engineer – New College Grad  :
 NVIDIA is seeking elite ASIC Verification Engineers to verify the design and implementation of the world’s leading SoC's and GPU's. This position offers the opportunity to have real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have crafted a team of extraordinary people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing.
 What you'll be doing:
 As a key member of our ASIC Verification team, you will verify the design and implementation of the industry's leading GPUs.
 You will be responsible for verification of the ASIC design, architecture, golden models and micro-architecture using advanced verification methodologies such as UVM.
 Understand the design and implementation of your unit, define the verification scope, develop the verification infrastructure and verify the correctness of the design.
 Collaborate with architects, designers, and pre and post silicon verification teams to accomplish your tasks.
 What we need to see:
 Pursuing a BS or MS in EE/CS or related
 Minimum GPA: 3.5
 Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies
 Background with design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB)
 Exposure to System Verilog or similar HVL
 You display strong debugging and analytical skills
 Experience in crafting test bench environments for unit and system level verification
 Perl and C/C++ programming language experience desirable
 Prior experience with arbiters, interconnect networks and/or caches is desirable
 Strong communication skills and ability & desire to work as a great teammate are huge plus.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you a creative and autonomous engineer who loves a challenge? Come join our GPU ASIC Verification team and help us build future architectures that will continue to drive us forward in the fields of computing, graphics and AI.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
