
 
 
 
 Patent Engineer - Hawthorne, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Patent Engineer Epirus Hawthorne, CA Our team combines seasoned aerospace engineering talent and Special Operations combat veterans to address 21st century problems. We embrace the best practices from Silicon Valley innovation, such as agile development. We also deliver breakthroughs in high-power microwave technology for offensive and defensive EMP, artificial intelligence for enhanced targeting capabilities, and next generation power optimization.
 
 Job objective:  This is an exciting role in a growing company. As part of the Office of the CTO (OCTO) research and development organization you will contribute to the mission by building, managing and strengthening Epirus's patent portfolio. In this role you will work closely with a talented engineering team to identify patentable ideas in directed energy weapons systems, intelligent device drivers and other technology areas of interest. You will prepare invention disclosures and coordinate with outside counsel in the preparation of patent applications. Occasionally you may be required to assist in the preparation of provisional/non-provisional patent applications. The ideal candidate for th is position is someone who is passionate about technology, intellectual property and business.
 
 Duties: 
Harvest patentable ideas in directed energy weapons systems, intelligent drivers and control systems for RF amplifiers
 Generate text and figures that capture the patentable concepts
 Coordinate with outside counsel to timely file patent applications
 Contribute to overall patent strategy taking into account Epirus's current and future technology roadmap and initiatives
 Perform patent related administrative tasks
 
 Required Qualifications: 
BS degree in Electrical Engineering or C omputer S cience
 1+ years of experience as IP Engineer in law firm or technology company
 US Citizen (future security clearance may be required)
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
Knowledgeable about AI, Machine learning, deep learning and neural networks
 Knowledgeable about RF systems and devices
 Experience with using Microsoft Forms
 Good written and oral communication skills
 A self-starter capable of collaborating across all levels of the organization
 Ability to maintain a high level of organization in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
 
Epirus was the magical bow with infinite arrows wielded by the Greek hero Theseus. Like our namesake, we strive to be fast, efficient, and limitless in our approach. This agility, combined with a culture of innovation in systems development, allows us to move quickly without losing the decades of lessons learned.
 
We have developed technologies that leverage new breakthroughs in sensors and high-power microwaves, combined with computer vision and advanced software control. Our first broad-market application is a comprehensive defense system to defeat offensive drones at scale. Epirus 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Hawthorne, CA Jobs at Epirus in Hawthorne, CA Engineer salaries in Hawthorne, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Epirus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
