
 
 
 
 Middleware Team Lead - Radford, VA 24143 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Middleware Team Lead NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Radford, VA 24143 NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies. NCI's AI solution, Shai(tm), scales humans with artificial intelligence by empowering the workforce to meet their mission by using best in class AI solutions coupled with our exceptional service offerings. Working with strategic partners, NCI is committed to bringing commercial innovation to missions of national importance. NCI is a mid-tier systems integrator headquartered in Reston, VA, and operates at locations across the globe. 
NCI has been designated a 2020 Military Friendly Employer by MilitaryFriendly.com 
 
Responsibilities:
 
NCI:  As a  Middleware Team Lead , you will provide services in support of the Army Product Director Acquisition, logistics, and Technology Enterprise systems and Services (PD ALTESS). PD ALTESS provides enterprise class data center services ranging from server hosting, software design and system architecture to lifecycle management, problem solving and Enterprise Service desks for PD ALTESS hosted customers and associated users. PD ALTESS has a mission to keep systems up and running and serving customers twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, and three hundred sixty-five days a year. PD ALTESS supports multiple missions throughout the DoD, Army and Federal workspaces. Data centers supported are expansive and integrated across multiple geographical locations, consisting of both physical and virtual architectures, supporting hundreds of programs, thousands of virtual servers and millions of users worldwide. The missions we supported is varied and complex.  This position is contingent upon award. 
Qualifications:
 
Highlights of Responsibilities: 
Capable of being proactive and working independently with minimal technical direction.
 Communicate in an effective manner. 
Responsible for all facets of engineering and administering the mid-tier at PL ALTESS. This includes architecting infrastructure, installing and configuring Application and Web Servers, Portals, and associated software products and operating system configuration in LINUX, UNIX and Windows environments. Once deployed, responsible for maintaining the infrastructure to meet availability and performance standards.
 Assists in the scheduling of deployment activity as well as new installations of mid-tier infrastructure.
 Responsible for developing security standards in the mid-tier and ensuring all systems and applications meet ALTESS and ARMY security requirements.
 Responsible for development and maintenance of mid-tier system monitoring and administrative dashboards to ensure a proactive approach to system management.
 Thorough knowledge of the Cyber Command Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIGs) processes and procedures.
 Know how to perform a Security Readiness Review (SRR) and document the SRR findings in a Plan of Action and Milestones (POA&M) document. 
Requirements: 
Clearance: Department of Defense (DOD) Secret Security Clearance 
Education/Experience: BA +10 years (Bachelor's degree in technical field or related discipline) 
Senior middleware administration experience deploying and managing middleware software supporting customer applications. 
Knowledge of Application Server architecture in a large enterprise environment using WebLogic, WebSphere, or similar class server systems. 
Knowledge of Web Services, both SOAP and REST. 
Knowledge of XML is required. 
Knowledge of DTD, XSLT, Xerces and Xalan is a plus. 
Must possess a familiarity of the Java or C# programming languages to assist developers in debugging applications. 
Knowledge of the Oracle RDBMS and the SQL Server RDBMS is a plus 
Knowledge of UNIX and Windows administrations skills. 
Knowledge of Python and PowerShell is a plus. 
All positions require the ability to relate to customers in a professional manner. 
Working knowledge of DoD STIGs, and IA Vulnerability Management (IAVM) 
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: 
This position requires the ability to perform the below essential functions: 
Sitting for long periods 
Standing for long periods 
Ambulate throughout an office 
Ambulate between several buildings 
Stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as required 
Travel by land or air transportation 25% 
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. NCI Information Systems Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Warehouse Lead jobs in Radford, VA Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Radford, VA Warehouse Lead salaries in Radford, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
