
 
 
 
 Senior Director, Business Development - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director, Business Development Sitel 11,692 reviews United States Sitel 11,692 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Are you looking for a BPO organization that is in the top tier and offers cutting edge technology and products/solutions? Do you have experience in BPO, a network of large prospects and experience in big deals? 
 
 If so, Sitel wants you! 
 
 The Business Development role is responsible for expanding Sitel’s business by prospecting, developing and managing potential new clients. The ideal candidate will have a strong background and demonstrated experience in the Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) space working with senior level decision makers. He/she will have a unique ability to build relationships and develop networks. 
 This individual will focus on top domestic and global companies. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced sales professional to bring his/her unique set of skills and relationships to a dynamic company. This individual will develop proactive proposals and win strategies, respond to RFI/RFP’s with offers of contact center services as well as sell value add products and services. This could also include selling opportunities into the EMEA market for our North American based global clients. 
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Drive the sales strategy and process from plan to close, justifying account qualification and designing win strategies 
 Follow the sales process to ensure quality and effective win strategies in all proposals regarding content, pricing, solution, and other components as well as creating a competitive analysis 
 Clearly articulate the distinct aspects of products and services 
 
 Experience: 
 
 5 or more year of BPO sales experience. Industry experience with a successful track record collaborating with world-class organizations to offer strategic solutions that deliver results. 
 Experience in selling “traditional” contact center outsourcing services, non-contact center outsourcing experiences (back office, IT service), as well as digital technology and/or consulting services. 
 Must have experience presenting alone in front of potential client executives. 
 Demonstrated experience leading sales opportunities, developing client-focused, differentiated and achievable solutions. 
 
 Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: 
 
 Demonstrates confidence throughout the selling cycle through collaboration. 
 Drive the sales strategy through relationships and process from plan to close. 
 Demonstrates empathy and kindness in everyday performance which enhances sales capability. 
 Proven ability to position products against competitors. 
 Consistently achieve revenue targets in line with team/organizational objectives. 
 Excellent listening, negotiation, presentation (RFP response & proposals) and facilitation skills. 
 Excellent verbal and written communications skills. 
 
 Education: 
 
 Four-year college degree in a business-related field or equivalent industry experience. 
 
 Travel Required: 
 
 75% or more domestic and international travel- post Covid when restrictions are lifted 
 
 Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO.  We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU.  #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT.  We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES.  We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE.  We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director of Business Development jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Senior Director of Business Development salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,692 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
