
 
 
 
 Software Engineer II - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer II Microsoft 7,121 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are the Conversation Platform team. We build the platform that powers all assistant scenarios for Microsoft, aka Cortana. We're looking for those who bring fresh ideas from relevant technical areas including artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed systems, security, and developer agility. We value individual creativity and passion and ability to deliver as a team. We value diversity of thought and background as strongly as technical skills. Everyone is encouraged to come up with new ideas to make our customers lives better and to collaborate as a team to deliver them. Join us, you will design, deliver, and operate highly scalable, performant, and secure services. You will work closely with, enable, and support partners across the company to experiment cutting edge innovations, build new features, support existing capabilities, and ensure continuous quality for customers. You will participate in an inclusive, diverse, and vibrant team through design and code review and mentoring while helping the team build an inclusive culture where each individual can do their best work. 
Responsibilities 
Enhance Microsoft Assistant services through Search integration and further develop the Microsoft Assistant Runtime back-end platform. This accountability requires a strong partnering role across each group within the Conversational Platform, among Search, Bot Framework, Language Understanding, Substrate, and others across multiple geos. 
Qualifications 
Minimum qualifications:
 A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures and algorithms. 
BS in Computer Science or related technical field 
4+ years of development / design / coding experience 
4+ years of development in cloud-based distributed systems 
4+ years of experience with C++, C# or Java. 
Preferred qualifications: 
2+ years of experience with Azure stack 
Experience with machine learning. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#MSAI #M365core XXOIRecruitXX Microsoft 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
