
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) - Research Scientist / Engineer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) - Research Scientist / Engineer Moody's Corporation 463 reviews New York, NY Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Role/Responsibilities 
 As an Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning - Research Scientist / Engineer in the AI - Machine Learning team, you will implement and lead improvements in Moody's Analytic’s core machine learning and AI-driven products, that have a transformative impact across multiple MA units by enabling new products, automation capabilities, and improving efficiency and performance across multiple business lines. You’ll leverage your expertise and experience to propose and lead initiatives in problems like supervised and unsupervised learning, classification, predictive modeling, forecasting, time-series analysis, risk modeling , knowledge graphs, relation extraction, text analytics, and information retrieval as well as designs for the next iterations of our product lines, using AI, ML, deep learning. 
 
The AI / Machine Learning Research Scientist will be a core member of the AI-Machine Learning team within the Moody's Analytics Predictive Analytics Unit. The AI-ML team is a highly visible team working across multiple business lines that is key to the Moody’s Analytics’ (MA) long-term growth strategy using AI and ML. 
 
 Responsibilities 
Do research on emerging AI, machine learning, deep learning solutions applied to structured and unstructured data and be conversant with the latest developments in these fields. 
Design and develop new supervised and unsupervised AI ML solutions for forecasting, risk analytics
 Enable new capabilities in knowledge graphs, graph analytics using state-of-art deep learning techniques and frameworks. 
Develop advanced graph analytics solutions and customize graph data stores using open-source / commercial graph databases 
Design and develop predictive analytics solutions using AI and deep learning on structured data (time series and other structured data types) 
Work with the AI team members in advancing text analytics and NLP solutions 
Deliver custom, highly scalable AI, deep learning, solutions through prototyping, POC, and quantitative metrics. 
Propose and develop new systems for evaluating model accuracy and building better-annotated training corpora by developing data collection and annotation processes. 
Discuss, suggest, and brainstorm new advanced technology solutions with team members. 
Explain complex models to non-experts, in layperson terminology to clients, stakeholders, and managers, while also being able to discuss intricacies of complex algorithms with experts in the field. 
Prepare reports, presentations, for internal and external stakeholders, and as applicable, publish in conferences and peer-reviewed journals.
 Qualifications 
 Ph.D. or MS in computer science, statistics, machine learning, or other quantitative fields. 
5+ years of applied R&D experience (as a PhD student, or post-doc) or professional experience (research staff in a university or industry) developing and deploying data and algorithm-driven models and software products. 
Strong programming skills (8+ years of programming experience) in Python, Java, R, or Scala. 
In-depth knowledge of AI and machine learning libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, Numpy, and Scikit-learn, and open-source/commercial graph databases 
Experience with knowledge graph and AI-ML graph analytics, and graph databases 
Experience with deep learning solutions for structured data and time series data 
Nice-to-have (but not required) skills in NLP and text analytics 
Publications in top-tier venues in the field of Machine Learning, Deep Learning. 
Hands-on working experience with deep learning and Big Data frameworks such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Caffe, Fast.ai, MXNet, Spark, or Hadoop, and open-source/commercial graph databases. 
Experience beyond using open source tools as-is, and writing custom code on top of, or in addition to, existing open source frameworks. 
 LOB/Cost Center 
 Moody's Analytics 
 Job Req ID 
 20371BR 
 Entity 
 Moody's Analytics (MA) 
 Line of Business 
 Predictive Analytics OU (EAAS OU) 
 Regular/Temporary 
 Regular 
 City 
 New York
 Job Category 
 Engineering & Technology 
 Job Sub Category 
 Software Engineering 
 Experience Level 
 Experienced Hire 
 Working at Moody's 
 Moody's (NYSE: MCO) is a global integrated risk assessment firm that empowers organizations to make better decisions. Our data, analytical solutions and insights help decision-makers identify opportunities and manage the risks of doing business with others. We believe that greater transparency, more informed decisions, and fair access to information open the door to shared progress. With over 11,000 employees in more than 40 countries, Moody's combines international presence with local expertise and over a century of experience in financial markets. Learn more at moodys.com. 
 Entity 
 Moody’s Analytics provides financial intelligence and analytical tools supporting our clients’ growth, efficiency and risk management objectives. The combination of our unparalleled expertise in risk, expansive information resources, and innovative application of technology, helps today’s business leaders confidently navigate an evolving marketplace. 
 EEO Policy 
 Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.
 
 
For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law.
 
 
Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law. Click here to view our Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination statement. 
 Securities Trading Policy (STP) 
 Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary. Moody's Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Moody's Corporation in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Moody's Corporation Moody's Corporation 463 reviews Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
