
 
 
 
 Premium Engineer - Provo, UT 84606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Premium Engineer SUSE 23 reviews Provo, UT 84606 SUSE 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Premium Engineer 
Job Description: 
About Us 
SUSE  the world’s largest independent open source company, helps customers, partners and communities  be  the difference  in their spheres of influence. Through open collaboration and agile, enterprise-grade open source solutions, customers, partners and communities are empowered to simplify tasks, modernize environments and accelerate business innovation – ultimately reaping the benefits of measurable value and better futures. Our customer obsessed operating model means exceptional service, value, flexibility and customer choice, with no enforced lock in. 
SUSE ’s open, open source approach helps our customers and partners move their businesses forward, transforming IT, delivering increased agility and faster innovation. 
Global Customer Organization Mission 
In GCO we are audacious. We inspire our people, customers, partners and markets to enable their dreams to be realised in collaboration with  SUSE . We differentiate ourselves through integrity, empathy & creativity. Our growth mindset, resilience and a focus on customer success, ensures we are eternally relevant. This enables our goal of a $1bn company by 2023 and the  SUSE  levers to be achieved. 
The Job 
We are seeking a Premium Support Engineer (PSE) to provide day to day, 24 X 7 support for SUSE products. You will become an expert in understanding your customers’ specific business processes, end-customer installation types, and configuration standards in order to assist your customer in resolving issues quickly. Your in-depth knowledge of SUSE technologies and solutions offer the highest level of service for the most customized configurations. 
You will gain in-depth knowledge of SUSE Enterprise Linux and preferably have previous experience working with products such as the SUSE High Availability Extension and SUSE Linux for SAP Applications. 
The service you will provide is to help your customer support SUSE products installed in their end-customer base and to ‘add value’ to the SUSE brand and support offerings where possible. You will be asked to collaborate with the customer’s L2 and L3 teams and resolve any technical issues related to SUSE Linux and related SUSE products. 
If problems occur in end-customer production systems, the PSE will be well positioned to quickly and expertly assist in resolving such issues. The PSE will have priority and direct access to other SUSE team members (Back-line, Engineering and Development) for critical issues that require additional assistance. 
Specific activities will include, but are not limited to the following: 
Assist your customer in the diagnosis and resolution of end-customer environments 
Provide assistance to your customer as requested in relation to any test environments used to duplicate end-customer issues 
Advise your customer regarding the maintenance, upgrade and deployment of SUSE software in end-customer environments 
Escalation point for customer’s L1 and L2 support Help Desk personnel for SUSE product issues 
Preferred Skills and Education 
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field 
1-3 years of IT, Services, Consulting, or Support experience 
A strong sense of responsibility, self-motivation and the ability to prioritize and organize workload to complete multiple, simultaneous issues and projects 
Flexibility and capacity to work across a variety of activities within a matrix and virtual organizational framework 
Ability to appropriately handle tense/stressful customer situations regarding service outages and issue resolution 
Able to influence both internal and external stakeholders 
The ability to work seamlessly across organizations 
Product expertise with the following: 
SLES 
SLES for SAP Applications 
SLE-HAE 
Additional Product expertise (nice to have): 
Cloud (Azure, AWS, Goolge) familiarity 
CaaS / K8S familiarity 
SUSE Manager 
General Expectations 
Form strong business relationships with the partner/customer at various levels throughout the organization 
Be available 24x7 for critical issues 
Troubleshoot and provide accurate and timely resolution to assigned issues 
Serve as a customer advocate within the company by facilitating escalation of issues through appropriate internal organizations 
Pro-actively identify procedures that can be improved by becoming familiar with customers hardware, technical and business environments 
Form relationships with customer consultants who install end-customer solutions based on SUSE technologies and review their processes, reporting any perceived areas for improvement 
Share knowledge by writing technical documents and pro-actively sending helpful technical information to customers (patches, technical news, etc.) 
Document and communicate work performed as requested 
Deliver technical presentations and/or training to diverse audiences 
Assist in the implementation of SUSE products/solutions 
Participate in projects and project management as requested 
Able to influence both internal and external stakeholders 
Willing to travel as needed in order to fulfill the roll of the PSE 
Job: 
Services 
SUSE , the world’s largest independent open source software company, powers digital transformation with true open source technologies for the enterprise that simplify, modernize and accelerate traditional, cloud and edge solutions. SUSE collaborates with partners, communities and customers to deliver and support solutions that enable mission-critical business outcomes. SUSE’s container and cloud platforms, software-defined infrastructure, and artificial intelligence and edge computing solutions allow customers to create, deploy and manage workloads anywhere – on premises, hybrid and multi-cloud. For more information, visit  www.suse.com . Suse 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Provo, UT Jobs at SUSE in Provo, UT Engineer salaries in Provo, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from SUSE SUSE 23 reviews SUSE, the world’s largest independent open source company, provides unparalleled customer choice and powers digital transformation for th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
