
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Grand Forks, ND 58203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Microbeam Technologies Grand Forks, ND 58203 Microbeam is seeking a Software Engineer to participate in a Grand Forks, ND-based team that designs and implements artificial intelligence and machine learning tools for the electric generating power industry. We are looking for highly qualified and motivated candidates who are interested in advancing Microbeam applications and delivering products to our clients that improve plant efficiency and reliability. The candidate must enjoy working on complex multidisciplinary issues associated with developing computer-based applications that are utilized on-site by operations personnel. The candidate must be comfortable with all aspects of the product development and implementation process that includes conceptual design, prototyping, and validation testing. Most importantly the candidate must demonstrate a passion for machine learning, a mindset of continuous learning and improvement, and a demonstrated ability to develop things that work. 
 
The responsibilities of the position include: 
 
 Development of software/sensor products from the R&D stage to production. 
 Mentor a collaborative team of talented data scientists/engineers, machine learning/neural network engineers, and software engineers on complex power system optimization tools. 
 Communicate team’s work with stakeholders and leaders associated with the technology. 
 Lead efforts in the development of advanced algorithm components. 
 Integrate technical and business objectives into a single plan. 
 Foster collaborative work environment that targets continuous learning and innovation. 
 
 The required qualifications of the position include: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science, or related field (ABET Accredited), and/or 
 
 Completion of a programming bootcamp with minimum of 3 to 5 years of experience in software development. 
 
 Experience with languages including C++, C#, and Python. 
 Experience with statistics and data analysis using languages like SQL, R, and Python. 
 Familiar with artificial intelligence disciplines including deep learning and machine learning. 
 Supervisory experience and demonstrated ability to design, implement, deliver and maintain software products. 
 Experience using version control tools such as git. 
 
 The preferred qualifications of the position include: 
 
 Masters/Ph.D. in computer science with neural networks and machine learning experience. 
 Experience in algorithm development. 
 Demonstrated ability to prepare funded proposals to commercial and government entities. 
 Excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills. 
 Demonstrated ability to lead a team. 
 
 Microbeam Technologies Incorporated is a fast-growing company who specializes in advanced materials analysis, diagnosing system performance challenges, advanced sensors for on-line analysis, and predictive tools based on neural networks and machine learning for clients in the energy industry. 
 
Microbeam offers a competitive salary based on experience. Microbeam provides medical, dental, and vision benefits as well as retirement, disability, and leave. 
 
Please send cover letter and resume to Steve Benson at sbenson@microbeam.com. Microbeam Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Grand Forks, ND Jobs at Microbeam Technologies in Grand Forks, ND Software Engineer salaries in Grand Forks, ND Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microbeam Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
