
 
 
 
 Analyst- GAMMA - Boston, MA 02109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Analyst- GAMMA The Boston Consulting Group Boston, MA 02109 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 12343BR 
 GAMMA Predictive Analytics
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 As a part of BCG’s GAMMA A&S team you will work closely with consulting teams on a diverse range of advanced analytics topics. You will have the opportunity to leverage analytical methodologies to deliver value to BCG's Consulting (case) teams and Practice Areas (domain) through providing analytics subject matter expertise, and accelerated execution support. 
 
You will collaborate with case teams to gather requirements, specify, design, develop, deliver and support analytic solutions serving client needs. You will provide technical support through deeper understanding of relevant data analytics solutions and processes to build high quality and efficient analytic solutions. 
 YOU'RE GOOD AT 
 Working with case (and proposal) teams 
Delivering original analysis and insights to case teams, typically owning all or part of an analytics module whilst integrating with a case team 
Establishing credibility by thought partnering with BCG teams on analytics topics; drawing conclusions on a range of external and internal issues related to your module 
Communicating analytical insights through sophisticated synthesis and packaging of results (including PowerPoint presentations, dashboards, documents, and charts) with consultants; collecting, synthesizing, analysing case team learning & inputs into new best practices and methodologies 
Ensuring proper sign‐off before uploading materials into internal repository for reference; sanitizing confidential client content in marketing documents 
Developing broad expertise in at least one analytics topic or platform 
Executing analytical approach and creating defined outcome; contributing to approach selection 
You will be a clear and confident communicator, able to deliver messages in a concise manner with strong and effective written and verbal communication. 
 
Thinking Analytically 
You should be strong in analytical solutioning with hands on experience in advanced analytics delivery, through the entire life cycle of analytics. 
Strong analytics skills with the ability to develop and codify knowledge and provide analytical advice where required. 
 YOU BRING (EXPERIENCE & QUALIFICATIONS) 
 Bachelor/Master’s degree in a field linked to business analytics, statistics or geostatistics, economics, operations research, applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, or related field required; advanced degree preferred 
At least 2-3 years of relevant industry work experience providing analytics solutions in a commercial setting 
Prior work experience in a global organization, preferably in a professional services organization in data analytics role to join our ranks. 
Intermediate/advanced level of statistics, i.e., the ability to explain concepts & methodologies and apply them in a real-life situation 
Experience in hands-on data mining and predictive modelling experience (clustering / classification using decision trees, linear/logistic regression, etc.) 
At least one tool in each category 
Programming language - Python (Must have), R, SQL (Must have) 
Data Visualization (Tableau, QlikView, Power BI) , 
Data management (using Alteryx, MS, or any RDBMS) 
Hands-on experience in building analytical solutions and delivering tangible business value for clients (in one or more of the below use cases) 
Price optimization, promotion effectiveness, Product assortment optimization and Sales-force effectiveness, Personalization/Loyalty programs, Labor Optimization 
CLM and revenue enhancement (segmentation, cross-sell/up-sell, next product to buy, offer recommendation, loyalty, LTV maximization and churn prevention) 
 CITY 
 Boston, Chicago 
 COUNTRY 
 United States 
 YOU'LL BE TRAVELLING 
 Yes (10%)
 YOUR EMPLOYEE TYPE IS 
 Regular
 YOUR JOB TYPE IS 
 Full time 
 WHO WE ARE 
 Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we work closely with clients to embrace a transformational approach aimed at benefiting all stakeholders—empowering organizations to grow, build sustainable competitive advantage, and drive positive societal impact. 
 
Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives that question the status quo and spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting, technology and design, and corporate and digital ventures. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, fueled by the goal of helping our clients thrive and enabling them to make the world a better place. 
 
BCG GAMMA combines innovative skills in computer science, artificial intelligence, statistics, and machine learning with deep industry expertise. The BCG GAMMA team is comprised of world-class data engineers, data scientists and business consultants who specialize in the use of advanced analytics to get breakthrough business results. Our teams own the full analytics value-chain end to end: framing new business challenges, building fact-bases, designing innovative algorithms, creating scale through designing tools and apps, and training colleagues and clients in new solutions. Here at BCG GAMMA, you’ll have the chance to work with clients in every BCG region and every industry area. We are also a core member of a rapidly growing analytics enterprise at BCG – a constellation of teams focused on driving practical results for BCG clients by applying leading edge analytics approaches, data, and technology. 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
 The Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws. In addition, as a federal government contractor, BCG maintains an affirmative action program which furthers its commitment and complies with recordkeeping and reporting requirements under certain federal civil rights laws and regulations. BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify. VEVRAA Federal Contractor. The Boston Consulting Group 30+ days ago original job Report job Analyst jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at The Boston Consulting Group in Boston, MA Analyst salaries in Boston, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
