
 
 
 
 Senior Embedded Software Engineer, Fitbit - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Embedded Software Engineer, Fitbit Fitbit 73 reviews San Diego, CA Fitbit 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, related field, or equivalent practical experience 
 5 years of programming experience in C language 
 Experience with hardware debug and ultra low power/ultra small footprint software design 
 Software architecture experience 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience working with hardware engineering teams 
 Experience with test-driven development 
 Experience working on different parts of the embedded stack (e.g., bootloader, device drivers, and application layer) 
 Understanding of software design (i.e., technology, methods, and approaches) 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 The Fitbit Device team is responsible for bringing amazing new Fitbit devices to market. We work on these new devices from concept through product launch. The team has many cross-functional interactions outside of engineering including: Product Management, Hardware, and UX. 
 In this role, you will have the opportunity to work on different parts of the embedded stack, from device drivers, up to the UI. As an engineer, you will work on new product development from day one, working cross-functionally with many other engineering and non-engineering organizations. You'll also get to experience seeing a product from concept phase to mass production. 
Fitbit’s diverse line of innovative products of smartwatches, trackers and smart scale help people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their health and fitness goals. Our products deliver personalized experiences, insights and guidance through leading software and interactive tools to support our users’ health and wellness. Partnering with Google will expand our resources and global platform, and we will be able to accelerate innovation in the wearables category to scale faster, and make health even more accessible to everyone. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop new firmware technologies and products. 
 Review hardware designs and provide input to the hardware teams. 
 Develop and enable new product features in embedded software. 
 Write drivers and support for hardware/peripherals. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Fitbit in San Diego, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fitbit Fitbit 73 reviews Fitbit is an American company headquartered in San Francisco, California, known for its products of the same name, which are activity tra... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
