
 
 
 
 Principal User Researcher - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal User Researcher Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 10+ years of hands-on experience conducting UX research in an applied setting 
 A strong portfolio demonstrating past work experience and deliverables (e.g.: study plans, reports, and data visualizations). 
 End-to-end experience with all aspects of research (study design, recruiting, moderation, analysis, reporting) 
 A range of applied research experience with qualitative and quantitative methods. 
 Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills; the ability to communicate complex concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences and varying levels of the organization. 
 
Come help us shape the future of Alexa, by empowering our ever-growing community of developers across the globe. Our vision is to create the world’s leading self-service AI developer environment that empowers skill builders to craft experiences that make Alexa a natural and enriching part of everyday life. We aim to democratize the creation of these voice experiences for a broad range of roles and proficiencies.
 We serve a diverse group of users from programmers to designers, from individuals to big companies, and help them create engaging experiences for millions of customers of Alexa.
 
We’re seeking a talented customer-obsessed Principal UX Researcher to help us deeply understand diversity across our user base and disrupt the status quo.
 In this role you will own and define our research strategy and long-term research roadmap for understanding our customers around the world. You will leverage your deep research expertise and applied experience to propose, execute, and deliver impactful research that influences our end-to-end experience across all Alexa-enabled devices.
 
In this role you will collaborate with cross functional partners to identify the opportunities for empowering the skill builder community to craft experiences that customers love. You distill customer insights into actions for the product teams to create the next generation of tools for the community. You interact regularly with the executive leadership team and are the voice of the customer in the organization.
 
You geek out over user research, psychology, ethnography and have a deep understanding of user research methods and best practices, but you also have a nimble, creative and pragmatic approach. You are a passionate, curious researcher with strong observational and analytical skills, an impressive ability to collaborate, and a relentless determination to do what is right. You are highly collaborative, with a strong record of influencing outcomes. You can work with minimal direction while delivering high-quality outputs. You are good at multi-tasking, juggling competing priorities, and organizing yourself to ensure you deliver on your commitments. Your passion for solving problems, and ability to lead with creativity and positive energy, foster and maintain personal and team momentum.
 
Responsibilities
 
 Employ the best research method(s) based on research questions, timeline, and resourcing 
 Work closely with product, design, engineering, marketing, and sales teams to identify research topics and critical research questions, create detailed study plans and build a research roadmap; communicate and refresh on a regular basis to ensure impact and relevancy 
 Drive impact, as measured by changes to the product design and development roadmap 
 Create a deep understanding and empathy for our target customers through primary field research, behavioral analysis, and/or secondary research 
 Act as a representative within a larger Alexa user researcher community. Collect and synthesize useful research from across the organization, bringing insights back to your team 
 Eagerness to continuously learn, grow and improve the craft of UX research 
 Applied research experience on developer related tools and products. 
 Experience with the voice industry and artificial intelligence 
 Experience from working in a fast-paced software development environment. 
 Masters and/or PhD in Human Factors, Cognitive Psychology, Cognitive Science, Human-Centered Design, or similar. 
 The ability to manage ambiguity, work autonomously, keep organized, and multitask in an agile environment 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job User Experience Researcher jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA User Experience Researcher salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,365 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
