
 
 
 
 Director, Developer Audience - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Developer Audience Microsoft 7,121 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
 
We are looking for an experienced leader to be the  Director, Product Marketing Manager  to drive Azure adoption with the local professional developer community in the US. Azure is the growth engine for Microsoft, spanning our app, infrastructure, data, and artificial intelligence businesses. This role will be accountable for driving awareness and engagement with the professional developer community, both as the local developer audience expert and as an Azure subject-matter expert. The right candidate will be an experienced people manager and technical marketing leader with experience marketing to developers across both open-source and Microsoft development stacks, with strong developer community and evangelism roots.
 
 
 Director, Azure Developer Product Marketing Manager  uses their deep developer audience expertise and excellent marketing skills to bring Microsoft’s marketing and technical teams together to help professional cloud developers discover and successfully use Microsoft’s Azure platform, both through in-person 1:many engagements and at digital scale. Azure Developer PMMs help drive broad awareness, skilling and adoption of Azure services to promote a self-sustaining ecosystem of skilled cloud developers. 
US Marketing & Operations (USM&O) is the ‘Marketing and COO’ function for Microsoft United States (MSUS), also known as the US subsidiary. USM&O executes company strategy and priorities that enable us to achieve our business goals with a focus on B2B customer engagement by developing and executing on go-to-market programs (GTMs), Marketing Campaigns, and a Field Operating Model. Driving a common operating model across the US subsidiary ensures consistent, measurable execution and landing of priorities. Driving alignment with our internal corporate partners in organizations including Product Marketing, Marketing & Consumer Business (MCB), Worldwide Commercial Business (WCB), Engineering, and Field Leadership is also critical to our collective success, as is continuing to listen, learn and respond via rapid feedback loops. 
 Responsibilities 
Developer Engagement: 
Lead & motivate the team of Developer Audience marketing managers; set strategy for engaging developers and drive integration across Azure BG. 
Be the visible thought leader, externally and internally, to the professional cloud developer audience.
 Actively engage Developers and tell the Azure story at local events and communities and support sales team to engage with developers in the managed accounts. Maintain technical understanding of the Azure platform (200 level) and be able to translate Azure value propositions into a locally relevant narrative that carries an authentic developer voice. 
Build and own the local Azure developer engagement plan, partnering with fellow leaders (local and corporate) to create a coherent business plan that prioritizes and customizes a local dev engagement mix of social, digital, and one-to-many experiential activities, in alignment with the Corporate strategy and plan.
 Build, foster and maintain healthy relationships with local developer marketing and technical resources, and understand how to optimize resource utilization to execute the local developer marketing plan to grow the Azure dev pipeline. These resources include the local Communication Marketing team, Cloud Advocate(s), Cloud Advocate PM’s, CSEs, Azure Global Black Belts, Cloud Solution Architects, and Application Solution Architects, and local developer community leaders (Microsoft MVPs, in partnership with the CPM). 
 
 Go-to-Market Planning  & Business Orchestration : 
Plan and execute the local Developer Audience engagement strategy for Microsoft Azure to professional developers through local Microsoft marketing engines and Global Engagement Programs, in alignment with the Corporate marketing strategy and plan. 
Set local community strategy (online, offline) and influence local cloud developer community leaders (Influencers, MSP, MVP, RD, non-MS) to earn Azure advocacy. Use influence within your network to evangelize Azure. 
Conduct reviews across the business to drive aligned execution and provide timely feedback that will shape the corporate engagement strategy. 
Identify and orchestrate strategic market-making plays. Own local business management strategy, partnering with fellow leaders to interpret opportunity and risk. 
Determine key insights and drive recommendations to accelerate adoption of Microsoft Azure back into the local leadership team. 
Capture, analyze and report key performance indicators, insights and metrics and drive informed feedback into Corporate teams to improve global and local execution plans and outcomes. 
 
Qualifications 
An Experienced Field Sales & Marketing Professional, candidates must have a minimum of 5 years of practical Subsidiary experience in marketing and sales roles. 
 Key Experiences, Skills, and Knowledge: 
Leadership:  Exceptional leadership skills and team building, decision-making, conflict resolution, negotiation skills, and follow through 
Bias for Action and Drive for Results:  Tenaciously pursues positive outcomes by using effective approached to solve problems. Takes responsibilities and holds others accountable for actions, decision, and goals. 
Adaptability:  Self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity. Decisive, analytical, logical, pragmatic, disciplined implementer of field strategy. 
Influencing for Impact:  Is extremely well connected in Microsoft both at the Area Leadership level and in the front line. Communicates and networks effectively. Successfully persuades and influences others. 
Masters Complexity:  Consistently demonstrates the ability to make the complex seem simple. Capable of breaking down complex issues into concepts that translate across multiple stakeholder groups (e.g., customers, partners, leadership, functions, geos etc.) 
Marketing:  Minimum of 3 years of experience marketing to developers, with a proven track record of building technical relationships within the local professional developer community (those paid to code). Deep marketing competencies/skills & experience, including analytical skills 
Cloud knowledge : Demonstrated technical marketing experience across cloud technologies, including Azure, AWS, and/or Google Cloud Platform 
Developer knowledge:  Deep insight about the local technical ecosystem, including cloud platform providers, developer communities and business trends. Strong understanding of software development principles, common DevOps practices, cloud platforms, business drivers, and emerging trends in Microsoft and non-Microsoft technologies and tools 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Developer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
