
 
 
 
 Senior Security Engineer - Red Team - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Security Engineer - Red Team Microsoft Redmond, WA 98052 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. Through our mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, we strive to deliver solutions that are optimized for the world and enable customers to drive their business more successfully. At Cloud + Artificial Intelligence (C+AI) we help customers power their solutions using the Microsoft Cloud. 
The Azure Red Team emulates real-world attacks, providing a critical component of Azure’s “Assume Breach” strategy and ensuring readiness against adversaries seeking to compromise the Azure platform. 
We are seeking a who wants to apply their engineering skills to massive-scale attack automation and develop experience in Red Teaming. 
This is a unique position on a unique team. Previous Red Team experience is not required, but engineering acumen, understanding of the cloud, and creativity are must-haves. 
Responsibilities 
Red Team Automation Engineer - You will work on a small team (4 engineers) on building tools that scale and automate Red Team, enabling realistic threat emulation. 
Red Team Operator - You will execute attacks against the Azure platform, which exercise and validate Microsoft’s ability to prevent, detect, and respond to adversaries. Build your attacker knowledge and automate it! 
Emerging Threat Research – You will connect with the community on the forefront of emerging threats which affect online services. This includes research of externally found exploits as well as proactive research on technology the Microsoft Cloud utilizes and depends on. A passion and drive for turning threat intelligence into threat emulation is a must. 
Communication & Presentation – You will be a trusted advisor and security expert who partners with and advises service teams on detecting vulnerabilities, reducing attack surface, mitigating threats and implementing security best practices. Present findings through proof-of-concept exploits, white papers, brown bags, filing bugs, presentations and formal reports. Work closely with development teams to define and adopt new solutions for secure development and operations of Microsoft cloud services. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
4+ years experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C#, Python, and data query languages 
BA/BS in an engineering-related discipline or relevant work experience 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with Red Teaming/Pen Testing 
A strong technical background and solid foundation in software engineering and architecture design 
Experience working on a product with high traffic and many users; live site mentality 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#AzureSecCSS 
#AzureSecOpen Microsoft 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Security Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
