
 
 
 
 RMA Repair Technician - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RMA Repair Technician Presto US Dallas, TX Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Are you an amazing individual looking to create shift within an entire industry? For years, many restaurants have been using antiquated technology that is severely lacking in terms of providing an excellent customer experience. Imagine the day you can order food and pay for your food at your table! Gone are the days of wondering if your food was ordered correctly or the days when you have to wait for a check. In comes Presto! Our products help streamline and create efficiency in one of the last business models that have yet to be shifted towards latest technology trends. 
Presto is seeking an intelligent and responsible individual for our RMA Repair Technician position. This individual will be responsible for diagnosis and repair of RMA’s and to perform the duties of a Mechanical/Electronic Repair Technician. This position will report to our Dallas Operations Manager and work with our Customer Support Team. High attention to detail as well as excellent written and verbal communication skills is essential for effective communication and success in this position. 
 Responsibilities:
 Diagnose, troubleshoot, and document issues with returned product 
Responsible for the return and credit processes of all evaluation/demo units 
After diagnosis and testing of hardware and software to validate product issue, repair or replace the device back to the customers in a timely manner 
Update software on all products as needed 
Record and maintain RMA parts inventory accurately 
Request, prepare, pack and ship end-user’s RMA parts inquiries 
Collect and provide feedback on product quality issues/new ideas to Hardware and Operations team for product quality improvement 
Coordinate and collaborate return processes with Technical Support, Shipping and Financial Departments 
Perform data analysis and generate daily and monthly RMA reports 
Cross train colleagues to share knowledge and expertise 
Diagnose, troubleshoot and document issues with returned goods 
Create documentation of assembly and test procedures 
Other responsibilities as assigned 
 Requirements:
 5 years' work-related experience in troubleshooting and repair of electronic assemblies 
AA/AS Degree in Electronics or equivalent technical training or work-related experience 
Knowledge of Android OS Detailed oriented with great organizational skills and the ability to multitask 
A fast learner with solid understanding of electronics and mechanical repair 
Able to make progress in multiple tasks simultaneously and be flexible to changing requirements and priorities 
 About Presto: 
Founded in 2008 out of MIT and now based in Silicon Valley, Presto is dramatically transforming an age-old industry with its complete Front-of-House technology platform for restaurant operators. In addition to tabletop PrestoPrime EMV terminals, the leading guest order and payment solution, the Presto platform includes cutting-edge server handheld assistants, wearable devices for real-time alerts and Presto artificial intelligence (A.I.) products. Presto’s comprehensive FOH platform helps restaurants succeed by delivering critical operating insights, maximizing staff productivity and improving the guest experience. Presto is now working with 10 out of the top 20 restaurant chains in the US, including Applebee’s and Outback Steakhouse. Presto US 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Repair Technician jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Presto US in Dallas, TX Repair Technician salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Presto US Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
