
 
 
 
 Engineering Manager, Android Media, Video & Image Codecs - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Manager, Android Media, Video & Image Codecs Google 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent practical experience. 
 5 years of experience in technical leadership and people management. 
 Experience with Multimedia Frameworks, Codecs, and/or Video Processing 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 
 Direct experience managing functional engineering teams and working with partners 
 Experience measuring and optimizing image and video quality 
 Experience building tools and test infrastructure
 About the job 
Like Google's own ambitions, the work of a Software Engineer (SWE) goes way beyond just Search. SWE Managers have not only the technical expertise to take on and provide technical leadership to major projects, but also manage a team of engineers. You not only optimize your own code but make sure engineers are able to optimize theirs. As a SWE Manager you manage your project goals, contribute to product strategy and help develop your team. SWE teams work all across the company, in areas such as information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking, security, data compression, user interface design; the list goes on and is growing every day. Operating with scale and speed, our exceptional software engineers are just getting started - and as a manager, you guide the way. 
 
Billions of people use Android to watch and produce trillions of hours of media content every day. The Android Media team is responsible for the framework used by thousands of developers to build amazing multimedia experiences on the wide variety of Android hardware and form factors. Our Video & Image Codecs team drives the Android codec strategy, and is responsible for video and image formats available in the Android platform, building solutions to deliver the highest visual quality and encoding efficiency. We work closely with app developers, silicon vendors, and device manufacturers to ensure the Android ecosystem supports and uses codecs in optimal ways to produce delightful user experiences.
 As manager of the Video and Image Codecs team, you will lead a team of software engineers with deep domain expertise. You will guide the strategic codec roadmap and drive the team to ensure Android remains competitive in this critical media area. 
Responsibilities 
 Manage a team of software engineers responsible for the optimal integration, usage and visual quality of the codecs available in the Android platform, as well as the supporting tools and infrastructure. 
 Collaborate closely with product, engineering leads and partner teams to guide the vision and define the strategic roadmap for Android codecs. 
 Lead engineering engagement with external partners. 
 Grow the team by modeling teamwork, cross-functional collaboration and technical excellence. 
 Guide the team through competing priorities and balance short-term needs with long-term strategic goals.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Android Developer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Android Developer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
