
 
 
 
 Full-Stack Developer - San Francisco, CA 94110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full-Stack Developer Fisker Inc San Francisco, CA 94110 Description:
 
About Fisker Inc. 
California-based Fisker Inc. is revolutionizing the automotive industry by developing the most emotionally desirable and eco-friendly electric vehicles on Earth. Passionately driven by a vision of a clean future for all, the company is on a mission to become the No. 1 e-mobility service provider with the world’s most sustainable vehicles. To learn more, visit www.FiskerInc.com – and enjoy exclusive content across Fisker’s social media channels: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn. Download the revolutionary new Fisker mobile app from the App Store or Google Play store. 
Role Overview 
You will be at the forefront of technology, changing the world of electric cars and information delivery. You will be responsible for designing innovative solutions to connect electric vehicles to the cloud and deal with complex technical issues arising from high volumes of data streamed globally. 
Qualifications 3+ years relevant professional experience BS or MS in Computer Science or related field Experience or familiarity with event-driven architecture and microservices-based solutions Expert in at least 2 of Docker, Python, Go, TypeScript, React, React Native Understanding Rest API design Experience with AWS or Azure Worked with artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) or took relevant courses (preferred) 
. Requirements:
 
Fisker Group Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment at Fisker Group Inc. is governed based on merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Applicants wishing to view a copy of Fisker Group Inc. Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department at hr@fiskerinc.com. 
PM20 Fisker Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Fisker in San Francisco, CA Full Stack Developer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fisker Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
