
 
 
 
 Patent Engineer Computer-Electrical - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Patent Engineer Computer-Electrical Hanley Flight & Zimmerman Chicago, IL 60606 Job details Salary $95,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Looking to use your computer and electrical engineering skills in a different way? Take an unexpected path that leverages your knowledge of engineering in the legal field of patent prosecution and counseling. Our Patent Engineer position is an exciting blend of both the legal and engineering career paths, allowing you to experience the latest in cutting- edge technology as you help inventors establish their intellectual property rights for their new inventions. 
 
 
 Hanley, Flight and Zimmerman, LLC (HFZ) is seeking individuals wanting to pursue a career as a patent engineer and, if you choose, ultimately a career as a patent attorney. As an engineer, you have the technical background to understand the engineering principles inherent in the patent prosecution and counseling work we provide for Fortune 500 companies and corporations. You will engage with inventors creating the advanced technologies that are modernizing industries and revolutionizing how people interface with our world. We work with clients within the automotive and aerospace sectors, telecommunications and software industries, with artificial intelligence and wireless technologies, the oil and gas industry and consumer products, as well as, biomedical devices and instrumentation and valve technologies - to name a few. HFZ’s team of seasoned intellectual property practitioners will help you learn the art of practicing patent law from the ground up. You will be involved in all stages of the patent process including preparing and filing applications, formulating prosecution strategies and arguments, and assisting clients with their intellectual property portfolio management decisions. With guidance, you can help identify what’s unique about an invention and build a case for protecting it. Come work in an innovative environment where you can develop strong relationships, help companies with their long-term business strategies, and experience new and different technologies every day. 
 
 
 HFZ is a boutique firm located in the heart of Chicago, specializing in United States and foreign patent prosecution and patent counseling. Our team of practitioners includes many individuals having years of industry experience as engineers and inventors prior to becoming patent attorneys. A combination of significant real-world engineering experience and legal experience results in a highly focused and skilled 
 
 team of practitioners who provide services to numerous Fortune 500 technology companies. 
 
 
 Starting salary for a patent engineer is $95,000 annually. Salary for a patent engineer who completes a law school program and passes the state bar is $185,000 annually. 
 
 
 Please apply to this position by submitting a  cover letter, resume and transcript  (including transfer credits) to the online portal. 
 
 
 Hanley, Flight & Zimmerman, LLC is committed to diversity as a core value of the firm. We continue to build an inclusive culture that encourages, supports, and celebrates the diverse voices of our employees. A diverse and inclusive workforce enriches our work experience and enhances the value of our legal services. HFZ is an Equal Opportunity/ M/F/Vet/Disabled Employer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Requirements 
 
 -  ELECTRICAL  or  COMPUTER  engineering undergraduate degree 
 
 - Excellent undergraduate academic credentials (minimum 3.3 GPA preferred) 
 
 - Strong analytical and writing skills 
 
 - Advanced engineering degrees and/or engineering-related work experience are preferred 
 
 
 
 Benefits
 Benefits 
 
 HFZ offers a competitive compensation package including Health, LTD, Life and available Dental & Vision Insurance, as well as a 401(K). Hanley Flight & Zimmerman 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Electrical Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Hanley Flight & Zimmerman in Chicago, IL Electrical Engineer salaries in Chicago, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
