
 
 
 
 Lead Systems Engineer - Web application - Denver, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Systems Engineer - Web application Visa 995 reviews Denver, CO Visa 995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Common Purpose, Uncommon Opportunity. Everyone at Visa works with one goal in mind – making sure that Visa is the best way to pay and be paid, for everyone everywhere. This is our global vision and the common purpose that unites the entire Visa team. As a global payments technology company, tech is at the heart of what we do: Our VisaNet network processes thousands of transactions per second for people and businesses around the world, enabling them to use digital currency instead of cash and checks. We are also global advocates for financial inclusion, working with partners around the world to help those who lack access to financial services join the global economy. Visa’s sponsorships, including the Olympics and FIFA™ World Cup, celebrate teamwork, diversity, and excellence throughout the world. If you have a passion to make a difference in the lives of people around the world, Visa offers an uncommon opportunity to build a strong, thriving career. 
 
 Job Description 
As the Lead Systems Architect, you will spearhead the design of a variety of projects in the Product Reliability Engineering Team. You will be a collaborator who will be depended on by delivery and execution teams to offer technical guidance and solution designs. 
In this role, you will have the opportunity to introduce new services that enhance existing products or enable new products; recommend and evangelize new technologies that will improve the status quo; offer technical solutions to Visa infrastructure that drives innovation when delivered and perform at a six 9s level. 
You will drive technical solutions that have a direct impact on the reliability of Visa Core Systems. The solutions you design will be large scale, always available, secure, fast, accessible, and globally ready with an impact measured in future years. 
As the Lead Systems Architect, you will have the opportunity to bring your creative curiosity and technology experience to work every day and help build platforms and solutions that are consumed across operation and infrastructure platform to create seamless, fast, reliable and user-friendly experiences. 
Essential Functions 
Understand and own component security analysis, including code and data flow review. Collaborate with security team to implement and verify secure coding techniques. 
We count on your curiosity and creativity, to want to understand customer requirements and our processes and want to come up with creative solutions and improvements. 
While you’ll have the skill to see and understand the big picture, you’re able to stay focused on the task at hand to achieve immediate goals. As an end-end champion for your products, you will have strong debugging and Unix skills to help support our Operations teams. 
 
 Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications 
10 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 8 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree 
Preferred Qualifications 
Experience leading teams that have delivered high quality large scale enterprise class applications. 
Experience of ServiceNow features, catalog workflows, business rules, transform maps, scripting and reconciliation processes and capabilities. 
Working knowledge of precedence-based job schedules, data imports, and building / testing external data sources. 
Experience with Hadoop, Kafka, Spark, Hive based technologies. 
Experience with Agile development (scrum, Kanban etc) incorporating Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, utilizing technologies such as GIT, Maven, Jenkins etc. 
Experience as a technical leader with ability to understand the requirements and independently, architect, design and build the solution. 
Passion to work with people and help mentor your juniors to reach new heights. 
Passion for Big Data and analytics in general leveraging technologies like Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce 
Experience in Mobile Application Development (iOS and Android) is a plus 
Experience in Web Application Development is a plus. 
Exposure to leading edge areas such as Containerization, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning will be an added advantage 
Additional Information 
Work Hours 
Incumbent must make themselves available during core business hours. 
Travel Requirements 
This position requires the incumbent to travel for work less than 5% of the time. 
Mental/Physical Requirements 
This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, reach with hands and arms, and bend or lift up to 25 pounds. 
Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law. 
The position starts at $119,700. Base pay may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition, this position is eligible for bonus and equity Visa 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Visa in Denver, CO System Engineer salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Visa Visa 995 reviews Visa Inc. is a global payments technology company that connects consumers, businesses, financial institutions and governments in more tha... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
