
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Program Manager, Autonomous Vehicles - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Program Manager, Autonomous Vehicles NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Autonomous Vehicles Program Management team is searching for a creative and experienced Technical Program Manager to help us bring NVIDIA's autonomous vehicle platform out to the world. You will participate in a focused effort to develop and productize ground-breaking solutions that will redefine the world of transportation and the growing field of self-driving cars. You will work with hardworking and dedicated multi-functional engineering development teams across various vehicle subsystems to integrate their work into our autonomous driving DRIVE SW platform, while achieving or exceeding all relevant NVIDIA and automotive standards & guidelines. You'll find the work is exciting, fun, and meaningful. We have customers, and competition.
 We are the leading artificial intelligence computing company and are paving the way with innovations in gaming, visualization, supercomputing and self-driving cars. As a key member of our Automotive Vehicles Program Team, you will be a key leader responsible for the managing the software development of our autonomous driving software stack. NVIDIA gives automakers, Tier 1 suppliers, automotive research institutions, and start-ups the power and flexibility to develop and deploy breakthrough artificial intelligence systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified computing architecture enables training deep neural networks in the data center on the NVIDIA DGX Systems, and then seamlessly runs them on NVIDIA DRIVE AGX inside the vehicle. Today, we are working with over 270 partners that are using our platform in the development of autonomous cars, trucks, shuttles and taxis.
 What you'll be doing:
 Manage automotive software development and deliverables across multiple engineering teams.
 Work with the engineering leads to define and integrate roadmaps, schedules and milestones, and drive the execution and tracking of these across the organization.
 Coordinate release content and efforts with multiple program/engineering managers who own individual components.
 Handle risks and resolve issues that affect release scope, schedule and quality.
 Collaborate with the Product, Release, Engineering, Safety teams as part of the execution.
 Establish metrics to assist with assessing execution across the organization.
 Guide the team on executing in proper agile/scrum manner.
 Improve process and procedures across the organization. Help streamline day-to-day operations.
 Regularly communicate the program status and key issues to management and across teams within the organization.
 What we need to see:
 BS/MS Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field (or equivalent experience)
 8+ years of recent Program/Project Management experience driving the planning and execution of complex software engineering projects, and releasing commercial products.
 Relevant domain knowledge (Automotive, Perception and/or AI experience).
 You have a consistent record of leading and successfully delivering medium to large programs and projects, process improvements.
 Shown ability to evaluate and drive adoption of new and improved process workflows in medium to large organizations
 Experience with new product introduction and program managing research teams is a plus.
 Expertise in Agile and Scrum methodology
 Previous experience & lived a life as a software developer or software QA engineer. Understand the pressures they are under, allowing you to more effectively lead them in projects as well as process.
 Background in successfully leading global projects across time zones
 Experience with Jira and/or JAMA, to the point that you can comfortably teach an engineering team how to use these tools and execute in an Agile/scrum manner
 PMP, Scrum Master certification is a plus.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Prior experience in Automotive system integration.
 Familiarity with embedded systems.
 PMP, Scrum Master certification.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us with the next wave of autonomous driving solutions. If you're passionate about autonomous vehicles, we would love to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Technical Program Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
