
 
 
 
 Associate General Counsel, Facebook Reality Labs - Portal - San Francisco, CA 94105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate General Counsel, Facebook Reality Labs - Portal Facebook 622 reviews San Francisco, CA 94105 Facebook 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Facebook Reality Labs group seeks an Associate General Counsel for its Portal business. Portal from Facebook provides an immersive home video calling experience to connect with friends and loved ones, even when miles apart. 
 
The attorney in this position will work closely with the product and software engineering teams creating Portal products to provide legal advice on products and strategy. Success in this position will require applying a complex and evolving global legal framework to new and innovative tech products and services. This is a unique opportunity to work on cutting-edge issues in a fast-paced start-up environment. 
Lead providing legal advice to product, software engineering and other business teams across many subject areas, including data protection/privacy laws, consumer protection laws and the general legal framework for consumer-facing software and hardware 
Analyze products, policies, and initiatives to develop strategy for future products and provide practical legal risk mitigation strategies across multiple jurisdictions 
Build positive and influential relationships with executives, product teams, and peers across the AR/VR organization 
Lead consensus building and drive coordination with other members of the legal team and teams within the business 
J.D. degree (or foreign equivalent) and membership in at least one US state bar 
8+ years combined law firm and in-house experience with technology companies 
Experience counseling clients on legal issues relating to data privacy/privacy laws, consumer protection laws and the general legal framework for consumer-facing software 
Experience advising platform and software teams on complex legal issues 
Experience with providing legal advice on artificial intelligence and machine learning initiatives 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate General Counsel jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Facebook in San Francisco, CA Associate General Counsel salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 622 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
