
 
 
 
 Client Success Manager - Paris, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Client Success Manager Nautilus Labs Paris, TX Remote About Nautilus. 
 
Nautilus is building artificial intelligence to advance the efficiency of ocean commerce. We deliver technology to help shipping companies minimize fuel consumption, maximize operational efficiency, and optimize fleet performance. By arming ship owners and operators with real-time predictive decision support, Nautilus is reducing greenhouse gas emissions and making global trade sustainable. 
 
Ocean shipping consumes over $100 billion dollars of fuel every year, and up to 30% of it can be saved. For owner-operators, reliance on manually collected and analyzed data makes it difficult to optimize fleet performance in real-time. By providing a unified data platform that leverages machine learning, Nautilus helps its clients make better decisions to maximize the return on each ship and every voyage. For our clients, this means they drive closer collaboration, greater transparency, and stronger accountability across their global teams every day. 
 
About You. 
 
 Client Success owns the client relationship post-sales. The team’s goal is to maximize client value with every interaction including pre-sales support, ship activation, onboarding/training users, uncovering valuable data insights, monitoring client health, identifying upsell opportunities and obtaining public-facing client testimonials. The team consists of Client Success Managers who work with a set of named accounts, Deployment specialists who handle ship integrations, and industry specialists who use the tool to derive insights to help customers optimize their fleets. Together these teams are responsible for empowering our clients to become expert users and achieving amazing results. 
 
We are looking for a technically-minded and client-oriented Client Success Manager who can ensure a smooth onboarding experience, deliver ongoing training and insights to maximize the value our clients receive from our solutions, and make strong advocates out of each of our clients. In this role, you will be working with our highest-value LNG (Liquid Natural Gas) clients based in Europe, as well as select companies in other maritime segments (bulkers, tankers, containers, car carriers). 
 
 Outcomes For This Role. 
 Work cross-functionally with the Product, Sales, and Client Success teams to quantify product value generation for each individual client 
 Conduct extensive research and discovery into our strategic enterprise accounts to uncover their business objectives and product opportunities 
 Identify key metrics, financial targets, and operational behaviors that could be influenced by Nautilus Platform, and build analytical models and presentations demonstrating clear ROI (return on investment) 
 Create and present materials to C-level executives and other key decision makers at maritime organizations 
 Ensure engagement throughout our end-user base through onboarding, training, and regular check-ins with maritime operators, technical managers and charterers 
 Inform and guide the product team on feature prioritization for maximum client/prospect value generation 
 Proficiencies. 
 3+ years of work experience in a shipping company preferred 
 Deep understanding of the Maritime industry and technologies, specifically LNG 
 Client facing with presentation preparation and delivery experience 
 Experience engaging with C-level executives preferred (internal and external) 
 Holistic view of business opportunities, understanding both the big picture down to the fine details 
 Capacity to quickly grasp new technical concepts, combined with excellent analytical financial modeling and quantitative assessment skills 
 BA/BS degree in a quantitative field (e. g. Engineering, Business, Finance, Economics, Math etc) preferred 
 Capacity to teamwork remotely, with most colleagues being in New York and Singapore 
 
 Our core values. 
 
Get ready to join a group of diverse, smart, talented, and driven individuals. We are looking for people who are motivated by environmentalism and a future where shipping is sustainable and safe. A team member joining Nautilus is... 
 
 We’re THOUGHTFUL, with a bias towards action. 
 We’re an INCLUSIVE crew, and we are not passengers along for the ride. 
 We’re DIRECT and we ask the tough questions. 
 We EMPATHIZE with humanity. 
 Location: This role will operate out of our Paris or London offices, depending on candidate location. No relocation assistance available. 
 
If you’re the right candidate, we want to hear from you. Please apply using the contact form below. 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Nautilus Labs 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Paris, TX Jobs at Nautilus Labs in Paris, TX Customer Success Manager salaries in Paris, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nautilus Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
