
 
 
 
 Software Engineer II - Charlotte, NC 28202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer II Bank of America 30,281 reviews Charlotte, NC 28202 Bank of America 30,281 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
Enterprise Finance Technology: 
Believes diversity makes us stronger so we can reflect, connect and meet the diverse needs of our clients and employees around the world. 
Is committed to building a workplace where every employee is welcomed and given the support and resources to perform their jobs successfully. 
Wants to be a great place for people to work and strives to create an environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. 
Provides continuous training and development opportunities to help employees achieve their career goals, whatever their background or experience. 
Is committed to advancing our tools, technology, and ways of working to better serve our clients and their evolving business needs. 
Believes in responsible growth and is dedicated to supporting our communities by connecting them to the lending, investing and giving them what they need to remain vibrant and vital. 
WHAT WE LOOK FOR: 
Bank of America’s associates are innovators and problem-solvers. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. 
The Enterprise Capital Management Technology (ECMT) team within Finance Technology consists of high performing individuals who collaborate with Enterprise Capital Management in Treasury to deliver technology solutions that calculate key Capital measures such as Risk-Weighted Assets, Loss Given Default and Exposure at Default, allowing for efficient and prudent management of Capital at the total bank level as well as for critical legal entities and reporting to lines of business. 
We are looking for a talented and highly motivated software engineer with experience in Python and modern data engineering techniques. The right candidate will bring a mix of technical expertise and business knowledge to the role and help modernize the Bank’s capital management capabilities. 
The ECMT team supports a large-scale application which offer software engineers multiple pathways for growth. Moving vertically within the SDM Software Engineering family of roles, across technology components or business facing domains. Horizontal movement to other role families such as Delivery or Architecture is also supported. Team members are encouraged to seek out new opportunities within the team. 
ROLE OVERVIEW: 
Enterprise Finance Technology’s ECMT Team is working on several strategic initiatives to modernize the platform and deliver new business functionality to enterprise capital management. This role will be responsible for hands-on application development to support and enhance the current processes as well as design and build the target-state. The role will require partnership and collaboration with multiple technology teams to develop the target architecture and drive adoption of new capabilities. 
REQUIRED MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
Substantial technical experience supporting a large-scale application 
Experience designing data and compute intensive solutions 
Python – solid understanding of the language 
SQL (Oracle) – Ability to interpret and troubleshoot complex queries 
Ability to adjust and adapt – looking for a self-starter that can manage multiple and often competing priorities 
An analytical approach to problem solving 
Excellent communication, negotiation, networking and influencing skills 
DESIRED MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
Knowledge of Big Data Architectures and Cloud computing 
Machine Learning 
Artificial Intelligence 
Data management experience including Data Lineage and Data Quality 
Knowledge of Capital Management and associated regulatory regimes (counterparty credit risk, market risk, Basel III, Basel IV, FRTB) 
Job Band: 
H5 
Shift: 
1st shift (United States of America) 
Hours Per Week: 
40 
Weekly Schedule: 
Referral Bonus Amount: 
0 Bank of America 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Bank of America in Charlotte, NC Senior Software Engineer salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bank of America Bank of America 30,281 reviews Bank of America Corporation is a bank holding company. Through its banking subsidiaries (the Banks) and various non-banking subsidiaries ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
