
 
 
 
 Observational Seismologist - Melbourne, FL 32940 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Observational Seismologist ENSCO, Inc. 41 reviews Melbourne, FL 32940 ENSCO, Inc. 41 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
 ENSCO, Inc. is seeking observational seismologist to work closely with a team of scientists and analysts focusing on the interpretation/analysis of waveform data from local and regional distances. The work is mission critical and involves solving real-world problems. A solid understanding of observational seismology is required. Develop innovative analysis techniques/tools to meet customer objectives. Work with software engineering team to develop/validate analysis toolsets. The applicant must have competence in algorithm development, data analysis and digital signal processing techniques, including time domain correlation, array beamforming, and spectral analysis. Responsible for the technical preparation of scientific reports. Publication in referred scientific journals and at scientific conferences is encouraged. 
 Qualifications Required (Skills) 
 BS is Geophysics with emphasis in seismology, with minimum 5 years related experience. 
Experience collecting, processing, and analyzing local/regional seismic data (phase identification, velocity, and attenuation models), including an understanding of earthquake magnitude scales and their derivation. 
Demonstrated digital signal processing expertise including, but not limited to signal detection algorithms and spectral analysis. 
Demonstrated ability to organize, evaluate, and validate geophysical sensor metadata, including seismic instrument responses. 
Demonstrated scientific programming skills such as UNIX/Linux OS, Java/C/Fortran/Python/Matlab scientific programming and scripting languages (e.g., Perl, R, C-Shell), database queries (e.g., SQL), seismic code (e.g., SAC, SEISAN, Obspy), and mapping software (e.g., GMT, ArcView). 
Ability to work in a team environment and as a self-starter. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
Technical skills to understand and analyze problems, define potential solutions, and conduct in-depth technical analysis, assessments, and trades, and assist in explaining results of technical studies in team meetings, public forums such as conferences, and to non-expert customers. 
Able to assimilate complex scientific data from disparate sources and analyze results. 
Experience with Microsoft Office, including scientific applications using Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. 
Established record of geophysical scientific research and publication in referred journals required. 
Experience preparing technical proposals. 
Ability to obtain a Top Secret Sensitive Compartmented Information security clearance, for which you must be a U.S. Citizen. If you do not meet this requirement, you will not be considered. 
 Qualifications Desired 
 PhD degree in Geophysics or a related discipline, or equivalent. 
Familiar with regional seismic discrimination methods and techniques. 
Familiarity with CSS3.0 database schema. 
Experience with regional seismic network operations. 
Active US security clearance. 
 Req ID 
 2171BR 
 Internal Position Title 
 Senior Scientist 
 Employment Status 
 Regular Full-time
 U.S. Citizenship 
 Yes 
 Background Check Type 
 7 year
 Drug Screen Type 
 None 
 Export Control and Licensing 
 None 
 Contract Award Contingency 
 Yes 
 Recruiter 
 Wanda Long 
 Benefit Highlights 
 Annual education tuition reimbursement 401(k) Plan with 2.5% dollar-for-dollar company match in first year of employment, and up to 6% company match thereafter Medical, dental and vision insurance Spending Accounts – FSA, Dependent Care FSA, and HSA Leave available for holidays, bereavement, jury duty, military service, family medical leave, and as required by State law Paid Time Off 100% Company paid Employee Assistance Program and life, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, business travel accident, and professional liability insurance (employee only) Other voluntary programs, including supplemental life, auto and home insurance, and legal program Computer purchase discount Recognition and reward programs Patent awards Technical paper awards for presentations and publications Recruitment awards Length of service awards Community service recognition 
 Division Description 
 The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division focuses on solutions for the toughest problems in defense, intelligence, and homeland security missions. NSS employees leverage a multi-disciplinary team approach to these challenging scientific and technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise include sensor development and integration; radio frequency, cyber, and position, navigation, and timing systems; counter-weapons of mass destruction capabilities including chemical and biological, geophysical phenomenology; modeling, and simulation. We use the latest technology in our work, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, high performance computing, digital signal processing, and advanced hardware and software development. 
 Strength in Diversity 
 ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law. ENSCO, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Observer jobs in Melbourne, FL Jobs at ENSCO in Melbourne, FL Observer salaries in Melbourne, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from ENSCO, Inc. ENSCO, Inc. 41 reviews ENSCO, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries represent a $140 million international technology enterprise, headquartered in the Washing... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
