
 
 
 
 Specialist- Hylton Lab - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Specialist- Hylton Lab UC San Francisco Academic San Francisco, CA Application Window 
 Open date:  May 19th, 2021
 Next review date:  Thursday, Jun 3, 2021 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time) 
Apply by this date to ensure full consideration by the committee.
 Final date:  Saturday, Nov 19, 2022 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time) 
Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.
 Position description 
 Specialist- Hylton Lab 
 The Hylton lab is looking for an Assistant/Associate/Full Specialist in the area of image computation in breast cancer is available within the UCSF Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging. The candidate will be responsible for managing a SQL database for the longstanding San Francisco Mammography Registry (SFMR) and will work with a multidisciplinary team of researchers to facilitate studies using quantitative imaging analysis for breast cancer detection, diagnosis and risk assessment. Fifty percent effort will be devoted to the SFMR database and 50% to computational activities related to breast MRI research. Duties will include 1) oversight and management of large mammography database, including collection of digital and tomosynthesis images from radiology facilities and loading of images into a SQL database with ability to modify Matlab scripts as needed, 2) running Python and R analysis software to process MR image data, 3) measuring quantitative breast density on mammography images using Volpara software, measuring cancer risk scores using Transpara software, and providing Volpara and Transpara measures to SFMR programmers for linkage to mammography results, risk factor, and cancer data, 4) deidentifying images with the ability to modify Matlab scripts as needed and performing image data transfers to academic collaborators, 5) implementing quality control procedures and monitoring quality assurance to ensure data capture of images is complete, 6) ensuring sufficient disk space is available for image database, 7) ensuring data security and access issues, and 8) producing summary reports of various data items using SAS. The candidate will also develop and implement image computational approaches, including machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) strategies, for imaging biomarker studies of breast cancer. 
 The position requires a M.S or higher degree with training in quantitative image analysis, and bioinformatics and/or machine learning. Experience in Matlab, SQL, and the Linux and Unix programming environments are essential and experience in Python and SAS programming strongly preferred. This position requires a highly motivated individual with excellent verbal and written communication skills. Experience in breast mammography and MR imaging or breast cancer research would be highly desired. Candidates must meet the required qualifications by the time of appointment. Candidate’s CV must state qualifications (or if pending) upon submission. 
 UC San Francisco seeks candidates whose experience, teaching, research, or community service that has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and excellence. The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. 
 Please apply online at https://aprecruit.ucsf.edu/JPF03415, with a CV.
 Application Requirements 
 Document requirements 
 Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
 Cover Letter (Optional) 
 
Statement of Research (Optional) 
 
Statement of Teaching (Optional) 
 
Statement of Contributions to Diversity (Optional) 
 
Misc / Additional (Optional) 
 
 Job location 
 San Francisco, CA UC San Francisco Academic 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Laboratory Technician jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at UC San Francisco Academic in San Francisco, CA Laboratory Technician salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from UC San Francisco Academic Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
