
 
 
 
 QA Lead - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search QA Lead Parallel Domain San Francisco Bay Area, CA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Parallel Domain, we believe that autonomous systems – from self-driving cars to contactless delivery drones – have the opportunity to drastically improve the quality of life for billions of people. That is why we love what we do: enabling our customers to develop their technology safely using the Parallel Domain data generation platform. Our platform revolutionizes the way our customers generate sensor data for AI development. We're looking for people like you to join us in pushing the boundaries of artificial intelligence and synthetic data. 
 
 We’re looking for a QA Lead to ensure the integrity and quality of our data and content. You will be responsible for creating and scaling QA processes, reviewing raw and annotated computer vision / LiDAR data sets, identifying errors and reporting bugs. You will work closely with our engineering and content teams to follow through and ensure that all identified bugs are resolved. 
 
 This position could based out of our San Francisco Bay Area or Vancouver offices, with remote work options available. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
2+ years experience working on a QA / testing team in the video game / tech industry 
Strong written and oral communication skills 
Demonstrated ability to pay close attention to detail 
Experience working with bug tracking software (e.g. Jira) 
Experience building testing playbooks / guideline documents 
Collaborative attitude, humble, and eager to make a large impact
 BONUS POINTS 
Experience testing and validating labeled camera and LiDAR datasets for machine learning and computer vision tasks
 Experience working with commercial game engines (e.g. Unreal Engine)
 Experience working with AWS
 Comfortable navigating through large datasets by reading through a schema Parallel Domain 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Manager jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Parallel Domain in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Quality Assurance Manager salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Parallel Domain Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
