
 
 
 
 Post-Doc Artificial Intelligence Researcher - AI.EPRI - Charlotte, NC 28262 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post-Doc Artificial Intelligence Researcher - AI.EPRI Electric Power Research Institute 42 reviews Charlotte, NC 28262 Electric Power Research Institute 42 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location:
 Charlotte, NC, Knoxville, TN, Palo Alto, CA
 Job Summary and Description:
 The Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) has recently launched AI.EPRI, a cross-functional Artificial Intelligence initiative aimed at accelerating the deployment of artificial intelligence (AI). The vision of AI.EPRI is to be the AI catalyst for tomorrow’s energy network. EPRI is looking for a Post Doctoral Researcher to support the implementation of the vision of AI.EPRI. Key responsibilities include: fostering engagement around the AI.EPRI initiative including developing and implementing state-of-the-art Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms, acting as a key resource to support efforts to build an AI-energy sector community, and bringing value to EPRI’s members and the public.
 Education
 A PhD in technical, scientific, or engineering field obtained within 2 years of appointment
 Experience, Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
 Ability to organize, prioritize, and complete milestones and deliverables
 Excellent analytical skills, critical thinking skills, data analysis skills and a demonstrated ability to integrate these skills into effective experimental design, execution and reporting
 Ability to scope technical tasks and develop creative solutions
 Strong verbal and written communication skills to clearly define and articulate both objectives and outcomes of their research
 A demonstrated capacity for advanced research approaches to solve complex problems
 Appointment Terms
 This is a full time, 1-year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs.
 Full benefit package provided.
 Successful candidate must be authorized to work in the United States through the full duration of the appointment.
 Additional Job Information:
 The Ideal Candidate  :
 Possesses excellent verbal and written communication skills and is able to work with a wide range of people with varying backgrounds and expertise. He or she is able to effectively manage time and identify and prioritize the most critical near-term and long-term objectives and make progress in each area. The ideal candidate has specific experience in the following areas:
 Experience in one or more of the following areas of artificial intelligence/machine learning: deep learning/neural networks, natural language processing, data cleansing, training machine learning models, etc.
 Ability to prepare and present technical information clearly to a wide range of stakeholders for advisory meetings, external publications, conferences, and workshops including a track record of presenting at influential AI conferences (e.g., AAAI, ACL, ICML, and NeurIPS) and publications in journals such as IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence , Foundations and Trends in Machine Learning , International Journal of Computer Vision , IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems , Journal of Machine Learning Research , etc.
 Manage the planning, preparation and organization of technical conferences and workshops.
 Passion for artificial intelligence with a strong desire to learn more and make a positive impact on society.
 Desire to monitor the most important/relevant developments in AI and ability to collaborate with the top researchers in the field
 EPRI participates in E-Verify, an online system operated jointly by the Department of Homeland Security and the Social Security Administration (SSA). EPRI uses the system to check the work status of new hires by comparing information from the employee's I-9 form against SSA and Department of Homeland Security databases.
 Note: To ensure compliance with U.S. export controls, please indicate your U.S. citizenship or (for foreign citizens) your U.S. visa/immigration status in your resume or cover letter.
 EPRI is an equal opportunity employer. EEO/AA/M/F/VETS/Disabled
 Together . . . Shaping the Future of Electricity. Electric Power Research Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Electric Power Research Institute in Charlotte, NC Researcher salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Electric Power Research Institute 42 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
