
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Business Development Manager - Boston, MA 02124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Business Development Manager Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,792 reviews Boston, MA 02124 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,792 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) advances the way people live and work. We bring together curious minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions that advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead, focused and dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment to partner, innovate, and act. If solving the world’s biggest technology challenges sounds like the right career path for you, read on. 
We’re looking for an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Business Development Manager. 
The Artificial Intelligence (AI) Business Development Manager is responsible for providing sales support and/or leadership in the sales and promotion of HPE’s AI and Machine Learning (AI/ML) and VDI solutions dedicated to NVIDIA and all products under their portfolio. They provide a broad level of AI/ML and VDI specific product, technology, and industry knowledge. The individual applies this knowledge to assist sales teams to attract and close customers looking for AI/ML and VDI solutions. Heavy emphasis on presentation skills and the ability to translate complex technologies and solutions into compelling in-person and online presentations and customer discussions. 
Responsibilities 
Leads AI/ML and VDI discussions and evaluates customer's business needs and presents the art-of-the-possible with HPE and its partners’ AI/ML and VDI products and solutions. 
Presents HPE’s AI/ML and VDI sales and marketing material to customers, sales teams, and partners at meetings ranging from one-on-one to national technology, sales, and training events. When necessary creates presentation material from scratch. 
Engages with AI/ML and VDI interest groups across HPE business units, geographies, and product lines to deliver a unified AI/ML and VDI message to North American sales teams. 
Maintains excellent communication with customers, key focus on IT managers, administrators, and specialists. 
Uses pipeline insights to prioritize high potential deal pursuit activities with appropriate resource investment. Communicates to the account team the tangible offer value in terms of financial return and achievement of business goals. 
Expands our proposals by highlighting and quantifying the key customer outcomes that these end-end solutions deliver and tying in an overall TCO/ROI analysis. 
Provides direction and guidance to improve processes and establish policies. Works with partners to identify gaps and address needs to accelerate channel business. 
Develops collateral, best practices and/or reference architectures for typical use cases so our teams can “rinse and repeat’ from other places where we have had success. 
Assesses the impact of new AI/ML and VDI technologies on the company’s technical solution portfolio and translates this understanding into practice and knowledge sharing activities for broader presales peers, account managers and partners. 
Actively monitors competitive activities and their client advocates within accounts to anticipate and plans for competitive threats. Increases the company share of wallet through competitive takeout, demonstrating technical superiority, and leveraging other company services for better TCO/ROI. 
Education and Experience 
Solid understanding of the data pipeline, server technology, AI accelerators, and AI/ML applications. 
4–12 years of experience in technology industry with focus on technical consulting and solution selling. 
Understands the technology sales process and has prior experience in pre-sales or sales role. 
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or from technical university. 
Knowledge and Skills 
Demonstrates solid understanding of the data pipeline, server technology, AI accelerators, and AI/ML applications. 
Strong Microsoft PowerPoint and online presentation tools skills. 
Expert knowledge of the company offerings, strategic initiatives, current trends, competitor products and strategies within area of responsibility. 
Expert level written and verbal communication skills and mastery over English and local languages 
Demonstrates expert consultative selling techniques, including active listening, framing, white boarding, storytelling etc. 
Knowledge of company business, technical tools, and standard CRM systems and tools. 
Advanced experience with using social media, blogging, and related information sharing technologies. 
Broad knowledge of partner´s and non-standard partner´s offerings and how/when to leverage them for deals within area of specialization 
Has successfully completed knowledge-based as well as one or more experienced-based industry certifications. 
Strong project management knowledge or experience with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, including appropriate due diligence. 
Excellent business and financial acumen, with an understanding of financial return and achievement of business goals. 
What we can offer you: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and shared values/ purpose, make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers. At HPE our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexibility/ work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. 
Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
1082535 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Boston, MA Business Development Manager salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,792 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
