
 
 
 
 Warehousing and Logistics Manager - Santa Clara, CA 95054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Warehousing and Logistics Manager Ampere Computing Santa Clara, CA 95054 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Role: 
We are seeking a highly organized Warehouse Manager to supervise the receipt, dispatching and storage of integrated circuits, components, and platforms. The Warehouse and Logistics Manager will oversee picking, storage, receiving, dispatching, security, tracking systems, and administrative functions. You will oversee, train, and evaluate staff for inventory control, shipping, and receiving. You will ensure the maintenance and control of company assets. 
What You’ll Do:
 Oversee receiving, shipping, and inventory management operations. 
Manage the movement of product to support NPI production flow. 
Develop, document, and implement operational policies and procedures. 
Implement and oversee security of Ampere products. 
Ensure compliance to system transactions in control of material and responsible for 100% inventory accuracy. 
Ensure effective and safe use of warehouse equipment and ensuring safety of staff. 
Motivate staff and direct priorities. 
Maintain documentation and keeping accurate records of warehouse activities. 
Manage shipping operations and local deliveries. 
Manage warehouse space utilization and planning. Drive the process for scrap and destruction of rejected product. 
Implement training plans for staff to ensure they are proficient in their primary job function as well as cross-trained on other warehouse operations. 
What You’ll Bring:
 Bachelor of Science in a related field. 
5+ years warehouse management experience, preferably in the semiconductor industry. 
Detailed knowledge of inventory management and controls. 
Experience with ERP systems to manage inventory transactions and proficient with MS Office. 
Detail orientation with strong leadership and problem-solving skills. 
Ability to maintain control of warehouse operations in a dynamic and fast paced environment. 
Our Company 
Ampere is designing the future of hyperscale cloud and edge computing with its 64-bit Arm server processor architecture. Born in and built for the cloud with a modern architecture, Ampere gives customers the freedom to accelerate the delivery of the most memory-intensive applications such as artificial intelligence, big data, machine learning and databases in the cloud. The Ampere eMAG family of products delivers the highest memory throughput and lowest TCO tailored for the emerging growth of cloud computing and next-generation data centers. 
Our Story 
Like the scientist behind its name, Ampere employees are innovators. We understand the needs of cloud computing and different software requirements. We are inventing what comes next and looking at everything from the structure of memory and how efficient the system is, to considerations on speed, cost of electricity and ability to cool. Power, size, weight and cost are driving the technology requirements and the innovation to come. 
Our world class team of engineers, with depth and expertise in the cloud and semiconductor industries, is not only focused on the development of new semiconductor designs but also building out the first software ecosystem for Arm®-based server processors. Through the Ampere approach to the cloud and edge, we give our customers the freedom to challenge the status quo and accelerate next-generation data centers for the most memory-intensive applications. Given the challenge we have outlined, we are building a culture of entrepreneurs that ensure customers come first, proactively approaching industry challenges in the areas of security, power and performance, delivering results that matter most. 
Perks in Santa Clara 
Office has panoramic views of Silicon Valley 
Garage parking 
Gym and café on campus 
Healthy snacks and drinks 
Standing desks 
Ping-pong 
Unlimited Flextime 
 #LI-DR Ampere Computing 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Logistics Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Ampere Computing in Santa Clara, CA Logistics Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ampere Computing Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
