
 
 
 
 Customer Engineer, Modern Service Management - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Engineer, Modern Service Management Microsoft 7,121 reviews United States Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Customer Engineer, Culture & Cloud eXperience 
Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
Microsoft’s Culture & Cloud eXperience Organization helps enable customer success in the Microsoft Cloud through a structured approach to behavior change, governance, and human experiences. As an important part of the Customer Success organization, the Culture & Cloud eXperience (CCX) practice exists to accelerate business outcomes by 
driving the people side of change, drive process led solutions and provide operational and technical capability subject matter expertise aligned with customer business needs. Two disciplines within CCX, Modern Service Management (MSM) and Adoption and Change Management (ACM) strive to help customers drive the people side of change to reduce IT operational risks, drive service modernization in enablement of Digital Transformation, increased customer satisfaction, and confidence in the Microsoft platform and services, so that all customers can achieve more. 
Microsoft’s CCX team is looking for a Customer Engineer (CE) for Adoption and Change Management with a mentoring and coaching client change teams and having a balance of advanced technology and strategic business acumen. This role is challenging and diverse and requires an awareness of market and industry trends, and ongoing personal and professional development. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a passionate and dynamic practice in an organization striving to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. This role helps drive and support service transformation in enterprise organizations through pre-defined Premier offerings, as well as longer-term support engagements as a Designated Support Engineer (DSE). 
The CE role is primarily focused on the delivery of high-quality IT service management services and requires deep process and IT Operations experience, broad set of technical skills and knowledge and the ability to map customer business problems to the appropriate technology and process-based solutions. Responsibilities include delivering Premier led engagements; providing subject matter expertise for large, enterprise customers; conducting change readiness assessments, service management assessments; and designing, developing, and implementing solutions to drive transformation aligned change management principles. 
The candidate must have a passion for the customer, demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experience. This person must also be able to deliver articulate and effective strategic presentations to audiences of all sizes as well as CXO level audiences. The role requires an individual who is resourceful and confident under pressure. 
These projects require the ability to conduct varying lengths of engagements and workshops. In addition, as a subject matter expert, the CE is required to provide internal and direct sales support, as well as customer advisory services. The role requires an individual who can establish relationships and actively participate in Microsoft worldwide communities. Success is measured by quality of delivery, customer satisfaction, virtual team feedback and integration, and level of sales support. 
Responsibilities 
Working with the customer to define communication strategies that address the concerns and motivations of the employee population. 
Determining adoption metrics that can be used to measure success of the ACM project and adjust plans as needed. 
Deriving based on the ACM scope the related training plans to help end-users develop the knowledge and ability required to be successful. 
Creating feedback mechanisms that will help sustain long term end user adoption. 
Mentoring and coaching client change teams 
Deliver MSM Services engagements including workshops, assessments, support programs and other Premier services 
Deliver high quality engagements in both large-scale project environments and smaller, single staffed engagement models 
Engage in IT and business executive discussions related Change Management or Modern Service Management principles and practices, Digital Transformation, and overall IT Operations. 
Transfer knowledge and share best practices with team members to help enhance the quality of engagement delivery and the customer experience to enable digital transformation. 
Participate in Microsoft communities, evangelize ACM and MSM, and contribute to Intellectual Property. 
Establish effective working relationships with cross-area project teams and work through appropriate escalation channels when necessary. 
Work as “One Microsoft” to establish strong relationships with account-aligned organizations, Microsoft Services, offerings teams, and other internal resources as appropriate. 
Work to drive consumption of Microsoft cloud-based technologies in customer account environments. 
Overnight travel is required. Travel requirements vary regionally and could be as much as 75%. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
At least 3 years of experience with at least two of the following: IT Service Management (ITSM), Adoption and Change Management, TSM process and platform implementations, Service management workflows, ITSM processes, DevOps, Risk management/mitigation, IT Governance, PROSCI, or related. 
At least 3 years of experience working with Enterprise customers in any of the following: management consulting, technology implementation, change management, providing customer technical readiness, delivery support services, on premise and remote technical support, solution development, technical requirements gathering; broad evangelism through events (presentation skills) or related. 
Additional Qualifications: 
A solid understanding of how people go through a change and the change process; experience with Prosci’s ADKAR Model is a plus. 
At least 3 years of experience with at least two of the following: IT Service Management (ITSM), TSM process and platform implementations, Service management workflows, ITSM processes, DevOps, Risk management/mitigation, IT Governance, PROSCI, or related. 
At least 3 or more years of experience in operations consulting and/or service delivery or related. 
Preferred ability to articulate and work with modern technologies such as Microsoft Azure, Office 365, Dynamics, Windows Operating Systems (Windows Server 2012R2 or newer), Microsoft (Azure) Active-Directory, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Cyber Security, Open-Source Software (OSS), IOT. 
Demonstrable ability to quickly learn and apply technology competencies. 
To be successful in this role the candidate would need to be passionate about making a difference. 
Comfortable to work autonomously and as part of an extended team. 
Operate with integrity, courage, and professionalism as they aspire to a trusted advisor status with customers and partners. 
Communication is a key attribute of this role and the candidate will need effective and demonstrable written, verbal, and presentations skills; with the ability to communicate at all levels of an organization from line management through to the CIO. IT service management concepts can be abstract, and the candidate should be sufficiently confident and articulate to describe, as well as adopt and drive a Modern Service Management mindset. 
A BS/BA or MS/MA/MBA in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business, or related field or equivalent work experience 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Representative jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Customer Service Representative salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
