
 
 
 
 Customer Experience Technology, Engineering Manager - Location Flexible - Veterans Encouraged to Apply - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Experience Technology, Engineering Manager - Location Flexible - Veterans Encouraged to Apply Dropbox 45 reviews California Remote Dropbox 45 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Role Description
 
As part of our Customer Experience (CX) organization, the CX Technology team is responsible for maximizing business results through the innovative use of technology. You will be responsible for translating our service strategy into effective capabilities for both our customers and our agents handling customer inquiries and then advancing the technical capabilities to support those needs
 We are seeking a n Engineering Manger with experience building large-scale Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) capabilities who will make it easier for our Customer Experience team to understand and solve users' problems, shape how users interact with Dropbox through our support website, integrate support ticketing with other internal systems, be a champion of secure and scalable internal development practices, and build tools that help users diagnose and solve issues on their own.
 
Responsibilities
 
Designing and building highly scalable AI and ML solutions
 
Implementing internal services and integrations using Python, connecting to services like Zendesk and Salesforce.
 
You will build internal and external-facing web applications using Python and Javascript, as well as a variety of open-source technologies like React, Redux, Typescript, Flask, HQL/Hive, and Elasticsearch. You'll also work with proprietary technologies like Edgestore (link) and CAPE (link).
 
Building user interfaces for agent support tools, front-end for our self-support platform, and agent-facing tools in Zendesk.
 
Partnering with other engineering teams to integrate our support systems into all our products
 
You will maintain and improve business-critical legacy systems and integrations.
 
Researching technical solutions to business problems.
 
Writing user documentation and operational playbooks to scale yourself, ensuring the systems you build are maintainable long-term.
 
Mentor all direct reports, finding growth opportunities for them that align with the team's strategic initiatives.
 
Requirements
 
Strong software engineering background. Software engineering practitioner.
 
Software engineering management experience.
 
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience, with two or more years working on production code
 
Deep experience with Python and/or Javascript
 
Experience building internal tools, integrating with third-party systems, or building B2B SaaS products for customer service or similar business needs
 
Experience in collaborative environments and working with remote business partners
 
You will have direct engineering experience in the following areas:
 
Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence
 
Building and deploying Chatbots at scale
 
Integrating and deploying open-source tools and libraries to solve problems
 
Military veterans strongly encouraged to apply! Leadership, integrity, teamwork, and global perspective are just a few of the skills learned through Military service. At Dropbox, we value the experiences of current and previous members of the U.S. Armed Forces. This role is open to any qualified candidate, however we have identified that the qualifications for this role match many of those who have served in the U.S. military. If you are a veteran please be sure to mark your veteran status at the bottom of the application. You can read more about our commitment to hiring veterans at dropbox.com/jobs/Veterans . Dropbox 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Manager jobs in California Jobs at Dropbox in California Customer Service Manager salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dropbox Dropbox 45 reviews Our mission at Dropbox is to simplify the way people work together. Over 500 million people around the world use Dropbox to work the way ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
