
 
 
 
 Junior Software Engineer - Huntsville, AL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Software Engineer Sonalysts, Inc. 14 reviews Huntsville, AL Sonalysts, Inc. 14 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description:
 
Location: Huntsville, AL; local candidates preferred 
Sonalysts, Inc. is seeking a Junior software engineer with critical thinking and effective communication skills to perform systems and software engineering functions for defense system development projects. The successful candidate will be a key contributor to the development of mission-critical, real-time military software applications and/or interfaces across all phases of the system development lifecycle. 
What you will be doing: 
Work on interesting and challenging software projects such as: 
Modeling and simulation of satellite behaviors and advanced payloads.
 Game-based training systems. 
User interface design & implementation. 
Use analytical and problem-solving skills to program in modern programming languages and operating system environments. 
Implement cutting edge technologies such as voice recognition, artificial intelligence, data mining, and the latest techniques in modeling and simulation. 
Participate in all areas of the software development lifecycle from planning through test and sustainment. 
What’s in it for you: 
Opportunity to challenge yourself (learn and grow) intellectually as technologies advance. 
Participate in research of novel and cutting edge technology applications and software solutions. 
Becoming an integral part of an innovative, employee-owned company, which provides a full range of benefits including paid vacation time, tuition reimbursement program, health and dental insurance, life and disability insurance, Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), and 401(k) plan. 
Required Qualifications: 
U.S. Citizen, eligible for a Department of Defense security clearance* 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical degree. 
0-5 years of recent software application development experience. 
Experience with at least one modern object oriented programming language ( e.g.,  C#, Java, and/or C++). 
 Strongly Desired Experience/Qualifications: 
Active U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) Security Clearance 
Experience in: 
C# and .Net 
Software Development Lifecycle 
Modeling and Simulation 
GUI development 
Experience in and/or knowledge of: 
Object Oriented Design and UML Tools 
Multiple development languages 
Multiple Operating Systems (e.g. Windows, Linux) 
Architecture definition and/or software integration 
Software development involving virtualization technology Obtaining a U.S. Government security clearance involves a comprehensive background check. Candidates are eligible for a clearance if they have demonstrated sound financial management (including good credit) over time, are free of criminal records, have limited foreign contacts or ties, and other factors indicative of a position of trust to protect information sensitive to the U.S. Government. 
Sonalysts, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, disability, or other basis protected by law. 
Drug Testing Employer 
www.sonalysts.com Sonalysts, Inc. 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Software Engineer jobs in Huntsville, AL Jobs at Sonalysts in Huntsville, AL Junior Software Engineer salaries in Huntsville, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sonalysts, Inc. Sonalysts, Inc. 14 reviews Founded in 1973 by David and Muriel Hinkle, Sonalysts has grown to an employee-owned corporation of approximately 400 professionals with ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
