
 
 
 
 Full Time Opportunities for PhD Students or Recent Graduates: Machine Learning - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Time Opportunities for PhD Students or Recent Graduates: Machine Learning Microsoft 7,121 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Microsoft our vision is to make machine learning and artificial intelligence on the cloud accessible to every enterprise, data scientist, developer, information worker, consumer, and device anywhere in the world. We empower organizations around the globe to utilize Microsoft machine learning and AI services and transform their products, services and processes with data and insights. 
 
Do you want to work on a meaningful and impactful project and make a difference?Are you willing to learn from others and open to new ideas?Do you want to support others to succeed and operate in a highly-collaborative and global environment?If this sounds like you, Microsoft would like to invite you to come join us as you are, where you can find more than just a job.Read on to learn more about opportunities and apply online! 
 
Applications to these opportunities are considered for all available Ph.D. Machine Learning engineering roles including the ones described below. To be considered as a student or recent graduate, you should be within 12 months of graduation or graduated within the last 12 months. 
Responsibilities 
Microsoft’s tools drive the widespread adoption of Machine Learning and AI on the cloud, by providing a highly productive experimentation and modeling environment to help teams of data scientists and data professionals be highly productive with AI. We design, build and operationalize data science tools and environments to create end-to-end solutions for high value customer & partner scenarios leveraging big data, scalable systems. 
 
We are looking for Machine Learning Software Engineers who are passionate about building data science tools and environments that help our customers build intelligent applications. #Research 
Qualifications 
Minimum Qualifications 
Currently has or is in the process of obtaining their PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline, within 12 months of completion. 
Coding skills in C/C++, Java, Python or JavaScript/AJAX, database design and SQL, and/or knowledge of TCP/IP and network programming. 
A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design. 
Research experience in Algorithms, Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Compilers, Database, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Networking, or Systems. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
Experience in Object Oriented programming. 
Solid understanding of cloud development principles and patterns such as loose coupling, clean separation of services and scaled out parallel processing. Nice to have experience with Azure or AWS. 
A strong background in data structures, algorithms and analysis of algorithm complexity. 
Experience in architecting highly-available and scalable software systems is highly desired. 
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate with data scientists, software engineers and program managers in multiple organizations. 
Familiarity or ability to quickly ramp up with machine learning, deep learning, data mining, and/or data science. 
Strong intellectual curiosity and passion about learning new technologies. 
 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
