
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor Georgia Tech 834 reviews Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech 834 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location 
 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 
Job Summary 
 
 The School of Computational Science and Engineering (CSE) in the College of Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology invites applications for multiple openings at the Assistant Professor level (tenure-track); exceptional candidates at the Associate Professor and Professor level also will be considered. CSE focuses on foundational research of an interdisciplinary nature that enables advances in science, engineering, medical, and social domains. Applicants are expected to develop and sustain a research program in one or more of our core areas: high-performance computing, scientific and numerical computing, modeling and simulation, discrete algorithms, and large-scale data analytics (including machine learning and artificial intelligence). 
All areas of research will be considered, especially: scientific artificial intelligence (AI methods unique to scientific computing), urban computing (enabling effective design and operation of cities and urban communities), application-driven post-Moore’s law computing, and data science for fighting disease. Applicants must have an outstanding record of research and a commitment to teaching. 
Applicants are expected to engage in substantive research with collaborators in other disciplines. For example, current faculty have domain expertise and/or collaborations in computational chemistry; earth sciences; biomedical and health sciences; urban systems and smart cities; social good and sustainable development; materials and manufacturing; and others. 
Georgia Tech is organized into six Colleges. The School of Computational Science and Engineering resides in the College of Computing along with the School of Computer Science and the School of Interactive Computing. Joint appointments with other Schools in the College of Computing as well as Schools in other Colleges will be considered. 
The application material should include a full academic CV, a personal narrative on teaching and research, at least three references, one sample publication that is considered a very significant research contribution, and the names of 2-3 CSE faculty members closest to the applicant's research (see  https://www.cse.gatech.edu/people/faculty  for current faculty).
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Terminal degree in a related field 
 
Contact Information 
 
 Questions regarding the status of an application may be directed to cse-recruiting@cc.gatech.edu. 
 
 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
 Georgia Tech provides equal opportunity to all faculty, staff, students, and all other members of the Georgia Tech community, including applicants for admission and/or employment, contractors, volunteers, and participants in institutional programs, activities, or services. Georgia Tech complies with all applicable laws and regulations governing equal opportunity in the workplace and in educational activities. Georgia Tech prohibits discrimination, including discriminatory harassment, on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetics, or veteran status in its programs, activities, employment, and admissions. This prohibition applies to faculty, staff, students, and all other members of the Georgia Tech community, including affiliates, invitees, and guests. Georgia Tech 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Georgia Tech in Atlanta, GA Assistant Professor salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Georgia Tech Georgia Tech 834 reviews Georgia Tech Savannah is a satellite campus of the Atlanta-based Georgia Institute of Technology. It is located in Savannah, Georgia, nea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
