
 
 
 
 Data Scientists/Engineers - Rockland, MA 02370 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientists/Engineers EMD SERONO 250 reviews Rockland, MA 02370 EMD SERONO 250 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description A career with EMD Serono is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 58,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in Healthcare, Life Science and Electronics. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others. EMD Serono is a business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany.
 
 
United As One for Patients, our purpose in Healthcare is to help create, improve and prolong lives. We develop medicines, intelligent devices and innovative technologies in therapeutic areas such as Oncology, Neurology and Fertility. Our teams work together across 6 continents with passion and relentless curiosity in order to help patients at every stage of life. Joining our Healthcare team is becoming part of a diverse, inclusive and flexible working culture, presenting great opportunities for personal development and career advancement across the globe.
 
 
 Job Title:  Data Scientists/Engineers
 
 
 Job Location:  EMD Serono, Inc., 45A Middlesex Turnpike, Billerica, MA 01821
 
 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Design, and develop state-of-the-art, scalable data engineering pipelines on AWS for biopharma and healthcare applications;
 Engineer features or predictors for data science applications across biopharma and healthcare;
 In collaboration with data scientists and data analysts, develop and implement scalable machine learning and artificial engineering applications;
 Perform statistical analysis to uncover actionable signals hidden within large datasets;
 Develop and implement robust testing framework for data pipeline and data science applications;
 Communicate data driven insights and recommendations to a broad range of business partners;
 Train data analysts and data scientists on newly developed business applications on AWS;
 Develop a "lean and mean" data architecture for data science applications;
 Drive data driven transformation of biopharma and healthcare businesses by developing novel business applications aimed at helping patients; and
 Develop and sharpen healthcare business acumen in order to act as a thought leader in the area of data science and engineering for a wide variety of healthcare business applications. 
 
 
Job Requirements:
 
 
Employer requires Master's degree in computer science or a closely related field and two (2) years of work experience working in a dynamic, highly quantitative and cross-functional environment focused on delivering sustainable business value by transforming data into actionable information.
 
 
In addition, the successful candidate must have:
 
 
1. Demonstrated ability with analysis of algorithms, cloud engineering, cloud platform administration & monitoring, continuous automated deployment of sophisticated data application on the cloud, developing, maintaining and deploying infrastructure as code templates, and developing and building applications using containers such as docker and data analysis gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
2. Demonstrated ability in manipulating, transforming and cleaning data using AWS Athena, AWS S3, AWS Redshift, AWS Lambda, Python, Pandas, Scikit-learn, SQL and no SQL databases, and Tableau gained through at least two (2) years of work experience
 
 
3. Demonstrated ability in productionalizing/automating data science, machine learning and artificial intelligence applications using sound data and cloud engineering principles gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
4. Demonstrated knowledge of healthcare business areas such as research & development, sales & marketing and patient support programs gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
5. Demonstrated ability in visualizing, validating and testing the output of high-dimensional data science models such as machine learning and AI gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
6. Demonstrated ability closely working with top data scientists in developing valuable predictors/features for a machine learning model gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
7. Demonstrated ability to provide thought leadership on building data lakes, developing data driven applications and data pipelines on the Cloud with best practices and sound engineering principles gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
8. Demonstrated ability onboarding and supervising external IT application developers gained through at least two (2) years of work experience.
 
 
All years of experience may be gained concurrently.
 
 
Applicants can mail via USPS resumes to EMD Serono, Inc.., 400 Summit Drive, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803 (Attn: req# 221093 )
 
 
 This position is eligible for EMD Serono Inc.'s Employee Referral Program. 
 
 
 What we offer:  With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!
 
 
 Curious?  Apply and find more information at https://jobs.vibrantm.com
 
 
The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.
 
 
Job Requisition ID: 221093
 
 
Location: Rockland
 
 
Career Level: C - Professional (1-3 years)
 
 
Working time model: full-time
 
 
 Careers during Covid-19 
Thank you for visiting our careers website, we are always looking for curious minds to join our teams. We understand how much the world is being impacted by the Covid-19 crisis and we want to assure you that your safety is very important to us. To ensure that everyone's health is protected, instead of a standard face-to-face interview, it is likely that you will be offered alternative digital interview options. 
 
 US Disclosure 
The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination. 
 
 North America Disclosure 
The Company is committed to accessibility in its workplaces, including during the job application process. Applicants who may require accommodation during the application process should speak with our HR Services team at  855 444 5678  from 8:00am to 5:30pm ET Monday through Friday. 
 
 Nearest Major Market:  Boston
 
 Job Segment:  Neurology, Database, Oncology, Computer Science, SQL, Technology, Healthcare Merck KGaA 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Rockland, MA Jobs at EMD SERONO in Rockland, MA Data Scientist salaries in Rockland, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from EMD SERONO EMD SERONO 250 reviews Merck is a global science and technology company with a passion for forward-thinking discoveries. We want to develop products and solutio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
