
 
 
 
 Customer Support Operations Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Support Operations Manager Nauto Remote Remote Nauto® is the only real-time AI-powered Driver Behavior Learning Platform able to help predict, prevent, and reduce high-risk events in the mobility ecosystem. By analyzing billions of data points from over 650 million AI-analyzed video miles, Nauto’s machine learning algorithms continuously improve and help to impact driver behavior before events happen, not after. Nauto has enabled the largest commercial fleets in the world to avoid more than 25,000 collisions, resulting in nearly $180 million in savings. 
 
Nauto is backed by Greylock Partners, BMW iVentures, General Motors Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, SoftBank Vision FundGroup Corp, Allianz Group, Playground Global and DNX Ventures, and recently closed a $159M series B round. More information about Nauto is available at www.nauto.com, and on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter. 
 
Responsibilities : 
 Responsible for the onsite management of support contractors, subcontractors and vendors, ensuring that all work performed is in accordance with established practices, procedures and local legislation. 
 Responsible for supporting escalations to ensure there is no business impact. 
 Manage day-to-day operations of a team of data reviewers including resource/equipment planning, staffing, quality control, and reporting. 
 Ensure productivity is maximized through supervision, training, analysis, and feedback of performance data on a periodic basis. 
 Continuously evaluate tools and processes and offer solutions to ensure they are efficient, high quality, and scalable. 
 Oversee hiring & training of new team members. 
 Flexibility to work a variety of hours as business demands, including overnight, weekends and holidays. 
 Qualifications : 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent 
 Strong communication and leadership skills 
 Passion for ensuring a great customer experience and meeting established SLAs 
 Exceptional skills in data manipulation and analysis 
 Strong analytical capability; track record of digging into data and finding solutions for a variety of operational problems 
 Attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously 
 Experience in business process improvement 
 Perks 
 Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company 
 Beautiful modern work space. Many perks including cafe with meals, snacks and drinks provided when in person office resumes 
 Exceptional health benefits coverage. 
 Frequent employee events and gatherings 
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment 
 Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group, including experts in a wide range of fields, from Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision to Systems & Device Engineering to Support & Operations 
 
 Nauto is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment free of harassment and discrimination. 
 
To all recruitment agencies: Nauto does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Nauto employees or any other company location. Nauto is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Nauto 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Care Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Nauto in Remote Customer Care Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nauto Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
