
 
 
 
 Product Designer - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Designer Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Remote Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. In AI + Insights Studio, we believe in the power of co-creation and deliver holistic customer experiences and drive business impact at scale. We craft experiences that empower every organization to unify and understand its customer data to derive insights that power personalized experiences and processes using state-of-the-art AI. Our goal is to augment and amplify human ingenuity with intelligent technology and services by infusing Data Science + AI in everything we do. We do this using a thoughtful approach when designing AI systems with sovereign data and ambient intelligence that extend and empower human curiosity. 
We are a studio of diverse styles, voices and views reflecting the diversity of our customers, and giving us the empathy to serve their needs. Nurturing and continuously evolving this culture are our shared responsibility, because we create better products together. We believe designing in the open empowers us all to move fast and build experiences without seams. 
We share, we jam, we collaborate. We re-use rather than reinvent. We contribute to each other’s work to make it better. We work in small, cross-app, interdisciplinary teams to ensure we build experiences that are inclusive, efcient and delightful. 
We make to think, we prototype and test. We build both category-leading apps, and seamlessly connected experiences across them. 
We tell compelling emotional stories to open space for innovation, win new customers and take our existing customers along. We push boundaries constantly because we believe in the magic of bold ideas. And because it’s our responsibility to strive to be best-in-class. We owe it to our company, and our customers. 
Ethically reducing time to value leveraging insights through big data is arguably a significant challenge for enterprises today. Dynamics 365 Customer Insights has been building momentum in this space and has become a market leader in several categories. As part of our evolution, we are innovating at a rapid pace, designing new experiences that extend from convergence of privacy-first and identified data. If you are curious and have a passion for complexity, come join our multidisciplinary team of designers and UX researchers who are transforming the workplace. 
The AI + Insights Studio is looking for a passionate and focused Product Designer with an exceptional eye for craftspersonship. As we continue to expand our team, we're looking for an influential design leader who can contribute to our design team as well as our product in building consistent, relevant, and trustworthy experiences. 
Our studios are large, open, spaces where designers, managers, and producers work collaboratively to craft experiences. We are big fans of now virtual sticky notes and design thinking. We take a systems design approach to our work. We partner with top-notch Program Managers, Research Scientists, Data Scientists, Developers, Producers, and Researchers who strategize together on release dates, technological challenges, and customer feedback. Guiding the creation of creative solutions that are relentlessly simple, elegant, and humanistic. 
Our studio is in the Redmond area, and we are open to remote candidates. 
Responsibilities 
You will prove UX concepts at a variety of fidelities, throughout the design process. You will collaborate with PMs, Engineers, Designers, and Researchers to explore and craft experiences utilizing state of the art technology. 
Support design ideas through excellent influencing and communication skills. 
Partner with Program Management and Engineering to drive innovation and incubation of new ideas. 
Guide innovation efforts in collaboration with stakeholders to find designs optimally balancing company, stakeholder, and user needs. 
Contribute to defining user journeys and interaction patterns for new AI and data science-driven technologies and experiences across surfaces. 
Design flows and experiences that are incredibly simple, elegant, humanistic. 
Contribute to high-level strategic decisions with studio leadership and product and executive teams. 
Lead and track cross-functional team design sprints with members outside of the AI + Insights Studio across our Microsoft Design Community. 
Give and solicit feedback from other designers to continually raise our bar for quality, fit and finish. 
Inspire and mentor a diverse team of product designers, producers, content designers, UX researchers, overseeing platform-wide experiences incorporating AI, owning the vision and roadmap from conception until release (and then some). 
Qualifications 
Excellent, highly creative communication and critical thinking skills. 
Bachelor's/Master’s degree in Computer science, HCI, interaction design, industrial design, communication design, architecture, or equivalent experience. 
3+ years product design experience, ideally in cross-functional teams, and ideally cross-platform products. 
End-to-end design skills (from ideation to prototyping and full production). 
Perfect understanding of design theory (typography, color, grid, etc.). 
Outstanding portfolio showing deep product understanding and craftspersonship, both UI and UX. 
Excellent collaboration skills across disciplines – Program Management, Data Science, AI Research Science, Engineering. 
Able to work independently in a fast-paced environment. 
Has a high level of proficiency designing in Figma. 
Solid understanding of cross-platform design systems and technical frameworks. 
Experience within the Enterprise space is a plus, but not a requirement. 
Recent use and knowledge of Artificial Intelligence, a plus. 
Passion for new, emerging technologies such as AGI, Human Conversational Interfaces, a plus. 
Willingness to adopt new tools and workflows. 
An entrepreneurial spirit with a willingness to frame and define existing/emerging opportunity spaces and success criteria often within ambiguous spaces. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Designer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Product Designer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
