
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Brightside Health 4 reviews Remote Remote Brightside Health 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $160,000 - $200,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Around 20% of Americans experience depression and/or anxiety each year, yet fewer than half of people with depression get care and only a fraction of those who receive care get even “minimally adequate” treatment. 
Brightside (www.brightside.com) offers expert, best practice, personalized care for depression and anxiety, from the comfort of home. We use over 100 data points about each patient and our PrecisionRx tool to determine the medication that’s best, then closely measure and monitor at each step, adjusting medication and dose until it’s just right. We have a massive and unique data set about depression and anxiety treatments and outcomes. 
We’re getting phenomenal results: 83% of Brightside members experience a clinically significant symptom reduction and 60% achieve remission levels within 12 weeks. Our mission is to deliver life changing depression and anxiety care to everyone who needs it. 
But there’s so much more we can do with data to deliver better care and better outcomes to people in need. We can help our members (patients), therapists, and doctors make the most informed decisions at every step in the care cycle, helping each individual get the right treatment and the best results. 
We’re looking for an outstanding data scientist to help us make it all happen, managing the entire process to deliver impactful clinical decision support that fundamentally changes antidepressant prescribing and clinical outcomes. 
This is a chance to have an important role in an innovative and transformative healthcare company and to positively impact millions of lives. 
Objectives Lead the development of advanced clinical decision support and other solutions, including planning, design, execution, validation, deployment, and maintenance Design and build statistical algorithms and machine learning models to supportive effective clinical decision making on the Brightside platform Carry out first-principles exploratory analysis of our data set Work with engineering to deploy algorithms and models into robust production models Collaborate with designers to determine intuitive and elegant ways of surfacing algorithmic insights to clinicians 
Qualifications MS or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science with a concentration on Artificial Intelligence, Maching Learning, or Statistics. Strong demonstrated expertise in designing, building and deploying statistical algorithms and machine learning models. Expert knowledge of SQL and database operations. Experience with distributed processing methods and ETL systems. Experience with the use of Python to work with large data sets within modern data science frameworks Are capable of working with engineers to build actual production implementations using machine learning and artificial intelligence. Strong communication skills to present insights and summarizing complex data to diverse audiences. 
Preferred qualifications Experience with HIPAA-compliant environments Familiarity with ML/AI workflows (ie. Airflow, Kubeflow, etc) Prior startup experience 
Salary, Benefits, and Perks $160,000 - $200,000 annualized salary based on experience Platinum healthcare, vision and dental Meaningful impact, great people, balanced life, positive and progressive culture. Work remotely and whatever schedule works best for you. We care about results, not 9-5. Unlimited vacation policy Hardware and tools of your choice 
 
 About applying Please do not email or call our support channel about this position. Staff must schedule at least 4 hours/day between 9am-5pm Pacific. Please include a note to your application about why you think Brightside's mission is right for you. 
We know that diversity makes for the best problem-solving and creative thinking, and are committed to equity and inclusion. We are dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team and encourage everyone to apply if your experience is close to what we are looking for. We’re an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
 ek1j0m9g2T Brightside Health 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Brightside Health in Remote Senior Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brightside Health Brightside Health 4 reviews Brightside (www.brightside.com) is a better approach to depression and anxiety care, combining empirically-supported cognitive-behavioral... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
