
 
 
 
 CRM Functional Consultant - Jacksonville, FL 32202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CRM Functional Consultant ACTS, Inc. Jacksonville, FL 32202 Remote CRM Functional Consultant 
 The Company 
 ACTS has been a high-tech business partner and innovator for nearly two decades. Our customers are world-class enterprises and consulting organizations that span a diverse range of industries, verticals, and geographies. Our deep Cloud expertise and long-standing relationships with Microsoft Field, Services, and Delivery teams provide us with on-going insights and vision as Cloud Technologies evolve. ACTS is a leading Microsoft Cloud Solutions provider and  Microsoft Gold Partner , ACTS was given the  2019 Microsoft US Partner Award for Intelligent Cloud - Azure Influencer , recognizing our innovative work in the areas of AI and Machine Learning. 
 We believe technology can reshape our clients’ businesses. We offer every client a unique perspective on technology, so they can recognize new business opportunities and make the most of them. Our most strategic technology partner - Microsoft plays a pivotal role in our delivery of industry-disrupting, technology-driven solutions to clients. 
 Our approach is to provide clients with technology-enabled solutions that deliver sustainable business value in areas such as application development, predictive analytics, machine learning, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, digital integration, IoT, and managed services. 
 Scope of the Job: 
 ACTS is looking for a CRM Functional Consultant to join our team. This generalist will have years of experience in helping clients and prospects with their CRM journey with Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement. Their focus will be on the functional, no code/low code capabilities of CRM. They will work with a broad set of customers from small clients just starting their journey to significantly larger clients who have been using Dynamics 365 CRM for many years needing to expand or find support. In addition to having high proficiency in configuring CRM, this role will require those skilled in translating the client’s business needs into the functional requirements to find the right-fit between using the out-of-box structure and a configured arrangement. 
 Essential Functions: 
 Interact with clients to understand business requirements and documenting those requirements 
 Demonstrating CRM solution capabilities to the client 
 Create solution design to address client business, interface, and performance requirements 
 Advise on complex MS Dynamics CRM business cases and propose comprehensive solutions based on MS CRM and customizations 
 Create functional requirement and functional design for customizations 
 Create effort estimates for implementations tasks 
 Provide MS Dynamics SME expertise to client and mentor team members 
 Data migration (Data mapping) from external systems into MS CRM 
 Conduct solution testing and assist with user acceptance testing 
 Conduct user and administrator training 
 Perform other related duties as assigned 
 
 Qualifications 
 At least three years of experience functionally implementing new or expanding on the Dynamics 365 CE application 
 Excellent skills in presenting, communicating and collaborating with a broad-set of personalities from C-level to end-user 
 At least one year leading the CRM engagement or similar capacity 
 Experience authoring presentations, training, and other documentation that are provided to clients 
 Excellence in deriving from sometimes ambiguous or vague requirements a CRM structure for configuration 
 Able to respond quickly and work in a fast-paced, sometimes rapidly-changing environment 
 Experience providing formal or informal training to small and moderately sized groups preferred 
 Experienced in agile development preferred 
 Microsoft Dynamics 365 certification preferred 
 Bachelors degree preferred 
 
 Hours 
 ACTS is headquartered is in Jacksonville, FL. This is a remote position and we will consider candidates in the continental United States and Canada, however the candidate will be required to work 8:00 am - 5:00 pm EST, Monday through Friday. In addition, candidates must be able and willing to work on special projects off hours. ACTS, Inc. 23 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Consultant jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at ACTS in Jacksonville, FL Technical Consultant salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from ACTS, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
