
 
 
 
 CW3E Sr. Subseasonal-to-Seasonal Scientist - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CW3E Sr. Subseasonal-to-Seasonal Scientist UC San Diego 1,210 reviews San Diego, CA UC San Diego 1,210 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $71,000 - $115,500 a year Job Type Seasonal Full Job Description Applies extensive knowledge as a research professional with an in-depth understanding of statistical and / or other analysis techniques designed to support research projects of broad scope and complexity, with a particular emphasis on applying machine learning and artificial intelligence methods to subseasonal-to-seasonal (S2S) research. The position will lead and coordinate the development, evaluation and improvement of S2S prediction at CW3E, requiring extensive experience with extended range weather forecasts, climate states, teleconnections, and weather on the US West Coast.
 The position may also lead CW3E Machine Learning Team, whose activities include developing model for predictions at the weather and S2S scales, the development of decision support tools, and interpretable learning. The position will also provide input to management for strategic growth of computing platforms and resources. In addition, the position will support on-going efforts to improve data management procedures and the development of decision support tools. The position will contribute and lead scientific journal publications. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 In-depth knowledge of research function. This includes in depth knowledge of weather models ability to analyze output, evaluate skill of model and develop post-process methods. 
 
Advanced skills associated with statistical analysis, database management and systems programming. 
 
Advanced skills in analysis and consultation. 
 
Advanced ability to communicate complex information in a clear and concise manner both verbally and in writing. 
 
Strong project management skills. Ability to lead and influence within and external to project team. 
 
Advanced research skills at a level to evaluate alternate solutions and develop recommendations. 
 
Proven ability to think creatively to recommend action steps or strategize solutions relative to research. 
 
In-depth knowledge subseasonal to seasonal forecasts and climate oscillations, with experience with multiple modeling platforms. 
 
Extensive experience in handling, analyzing, and processing large meteorological and climatological data sets coming from different sources in a variety of formats 
 
Proficient knowledge of programming languages as Fortran, C, C++, Python, R, Matlab, NCL, etc. 
 
Demonstrated experience with operational and real-time numerical weather prediction systems. 
 
Familiarity with high performance computing architectures, including cloud-based computing and storage systems. 
 
 SPECIAL CONDITIONS 
 Job offer is contingent upon satisfactory clearance based on Background Check results. 
 
Must be willing and able to travel. 
 
 Our employees enjoy competitive compensation packages and educational opportunities in a diverse, stimulating workforce. 
 This position is eligible for full benefits first day of hire: 
a) Health/Dental/Vision Insurance 
b) Vacation/holidays (15 vacation days & 13 paid holidays a year) 
c) Work/Life Balance 
d) Life insurance 
e) UC Retirement Plan
 
f) Pet Insurance 
 For more information about UCSD Benefits please click here and visit UCSD Work/Life. 
 To calculate an approximate value of the UC Total Compensation package, please click here. UC San Diego 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at UC San Diego in San Diego, CA Senior Scientist salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from UC San Diego UC San Diego 1,210 reviews The University of California, San Diego is a student-centered, research-focused, service-oriented public institution that provides opport... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
