
 
 
 
 Advertising Trafficker - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Advertising Trafficker IBM 30,727 reviews San Francisco, CA IBM 30,727 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Watson Advertising (IWA), formerly The Weather Company’s advertising sales division, uses the world’s leading artificial intelligence (AI) technology to unlock data and insights and help marketers make better decisions. IWA offers trusted, insight-driven media, data, and technology solutions that can be deployed across a Brand or Platform’s entire marketing strategy to help drive results. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
IBM Watson Advertising is hiring an Ad Trafficker. You will be a member of the Ad Operations Department and reports to an Ad Operations Manager. You will be responsible for partnering with the Client Services Team for trafficking, management, optimization, reporting and quality assurance of all digital ad campaigns. In direct support of Premium, Programmatic, and Local Ad Sales, you will translate client needs into actionable tasks and see them through to completion.
 Support our Sales Team with launch and trafficking functions for advertisers’ online advertising campaigns, utilizing our order management system and ad server. 
Partner with the Campaign Manager and Account Manager in management and optimizations of complex ad campaigns. 
Upload, QA, and assign creative tags and assets for campaign trafficking. This may include late night or after hour support for some of our top strategic accounts and products. 
Provide QA and be a go-to resource for troubleshooting support for ad campaigns, including creating test pages and a focus on creative, delivery, quality, and technical integrations. 
Provide administrative support as necessary in the form of contract review or client reporting. 
Assist with any necessary ad reporting out of the ad server or from partner interfaces in order to validate delivery, identify issues, and provide support to internal teams. 
Provide support to Programmatic initiatives: managing ad server operations for Programmatic Guaranteed Campaigns, troubleshooting Preferred Deals and other Programmatic Campaigns, fulfilling reporting inquiries, setting up new Programmatic Partnerships etc. 
Support the Local Reseller business by ensuring campaigns are set up properly, responding to client questions, and partnering with the Program Management Team in resolving any issues. 
Work on ad hoc interdisciplinary projects to grow skill set and learn different aspects of Digital Ad Operations and Ad Sales. 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
1.5 years+ of experience managing complex operational processes in online advertising or related industry 
Knowledge of working with third party Ad Ops tools (e.g. Charles, Fiddler, Advalidation, Ad-Juster, and/or similar systems) 
Experience working with an ad server (Google Ad Manager experience preferred) 
Dependable with a positive, solution-oriented attitude 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Ability to establish and maintain strong relationships within the Sales organization 
Experience working with HTML, VAST/Video and other Rich media formats 
Be a creative thinker and strong project manager. 
Extremely detail-oriented with strong analytics, problem solving, and decision-making skills 
Interest in improving processes and operational efficiency 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at IBM in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,727 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
