
 
 
 
 Performance Tester - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Performance Tester Capgemini 8,227 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Non-functional requirement gathering for every Agile sprint and analyze them to identify critical business transactions. 
Review and analyze enterprise architecture and application stack under test including Web, Mobile (Android and iOS), Web services, Databases, application servers - AWS Cloud and other integrated system to determine impact of changes. 
Discuss non-functional requirement with different stakeholders like Technical Architects, QA, Business, Development Lead and Platform Support for different applications to define performance acceptance criteria for critical business transactions. 
Build performance scripts in LoadRunner and JMeter 
Performance Engineering Analysis, Monitoring, Tuning (25%) 
Analyze application stack resource monitoring results from Dynatrace, Fiddler, Charles Proxy to find bottlenecks. 
Conduct performance test triage with Technical Architects, development leads, platform support to analyze server resource usage like CPU Utilization, Memory usage, Garbage Collection, JSPs, Web Services and DB connections to verify performance and tune jvms, cache, capacity etc of web application to improve its transaction response time and be able to serve large number of concurrent sessions for longer time. 
Perform transaction Profiling/Tuning Using Chrome DevTools, HTTP Watch, Fiddler. 
Providing recommendations scaling and sizing the application for Passed and Failed Test. 
Performance Test Execution & Status Reporting (25%) 
Analyze the functional flows and design relevant high volume business flows for performance tests scripts. 
Execute planned test scenarios baseline, load test, scaling test and endurance test. 
Calculate volumes of data setup needed to run these business flows with thousands of concurrent users like what happens in production. 
Analyze and gather results after the each load test and share the detailed results showing pass/fail transactions for each release with project team. 
Requirements : 
Manage user stories in JIRA & test results in Confluence for every releases. 
Ensure deliveries are completed in Agile methodology. 
Infrastructure/Deployment of Automation (20%) 
Align performance scripts into CI/CD pipelines using Devops tools like Jenkins. 
Work with Devops teams to integrate performance tools with Jenkins/Git hub to have regression test scripts executed. 
Prepare templates for performance test result report to various project stakeholders. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Performance Tester jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Performance Tester salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,227 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
