
 
 
 
 Researcher – Language and Intelligent Assistance – Microsoft Research - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher – Language and Intelligent Assistance – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,121 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Microsoft Research (MSR), our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. 
Researchers in theLanguage and Intelligent Assistance research area are making and harnessing advances in machine learning and natural language processing, to enable machines to understand and generate natural language, build the next generation of intelligence assistance, and do so while preserving user privacy. We advance the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence while providing practical solutions to real-world problems and translating core technologies into practice. 
Examples of current directions include natural language processing (e.g., question answering, semantic parsing, conversational modeling and dialog systems, cross-lingual models, grounded text generation, bias and offensiveness handling, etc.), deep learning (e.g., generative models, transfer learning, weakly supervised learning), privacy-preserving learning (e.g., federated learning, differential privacy), and intelligent assistance (e.g.,interactive systems, personalization, task completion assistance, search).Our researchers develop solutions for real-world, large-scale problems and publish the results in top-tier venues in machine learning, natural language processing, information retrieval, and beyond. 
MSR offers a vibrant environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary, research, including access to diverse, real-world problems and data, opportunities for experimentation and real-world impact, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. 
Responsibilities 
As a researcher in MSR, you will define your own research agenda and collaborate with other researchers, engineers, and product groups. As a member of a word-class research organization, you are expected to aim for research breakthroughs in the field and will be given an opportunity to realize your ideas in products and services used worldwide. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications 
PhD (completed or close to completion) in artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing, information retrieval, orclosely related areas. 
Research ability demonstrated by anestablished research track record of top-tier publications (or submitted/accepted papers in top venues), open source software, or other scientific leadership activities. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Demonstrable ability to define an ambitious, original research agenda. 
Ability to collaborate, communicate effectively, and work as part of a multi-disciplinary team. 
Passion about real-world applications and impact. 
Strong communication skills. 
Candidates who may not have all these qualifications are encouraged to apply. 
Your application should include a CV, the names of at least three referencesanda researchstatement (2-4 pages) that outlines both research achievements, future researchagenda and service and outreach activities. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Assistant jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Research Assistant salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
