
 
 
 
 IT Ninjaneer - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Ninjaneer Security-on Demand Salt Lake City, UT Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Tracking ID : 85461-323818 
 Job Location : Salt Lake City, UT 
 Job Level : Any 
 Level of Education : BA/BS 
 Job Type : Full-Time/Regular 
 Date Updated : 05/24/2021 
 Years of Experience : 2 - 5 Years 
 Starting Date : ASAP 
 Is working for a company on cutting-edge cyber security, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Big Data Analytics seem exciting to you? Do you want to work at a company where you can make a huge difference? If you are someone that wants to grow and learn new things, while helping to manage our customers’ requests and driving resolution in a fast-paced environment, then you may be the perfect candidate! 
 The  IT Ninjaneer  initiates the delivery of services to customers. The Technical Support Warrior is responsible for managing the day-to-day Service Desk activities to assure timely service delivery and customer support with a high degree of quality. This role entails adhering to policies and procedures designed to ensure repeatability of consistently high service performance and quality; monitors incident and request status, and receives customer feedback internally and externally to develop continual service improvement processes. You'll work to resolve internal and external customer ticket requests. You’ll be in the thick of the action by interacting with customers, identifying issues, resolving those issues, and escalating any issues you can’t solve. The  IT Ninjaneer  will also implement tools, leverage knowledge bases all while learning and expanding your troubleshooting skills. 
 You will be a key contributor as you work with all aspects of our company from Security Operations to IT Operations. You will also have many opportunities to grow your knowledge and hone your technical skills as you learn to work with our varied security devices and learn how a log becomes an actionable alert. There are even career opportunities to grow your career into a cyber security position. 
 Security On-Demand (SOD) is the leading innovator in the industry for threat Management, Detection, and Response (MDR). Founded in 2001, Security On-Demand is an industry pioneer and recognized innovator within the managed security industry and has been recognized throughout the years for its industry thought leadership, services innovation, and technology leadership. Our company’s mission is to relentlessly protect our clients against cyber-security threats with trailblazing technology and a thriving team to achieve operational excellence, trusted partnerships, and exceptional service. 
 
 Experience and Skills 
 An excellent background for this role would include experience in the areas of: 
 Two to three+ years of relevant experience with Service Desk with a technology focus. 
 Creating service tickets for customers using ServiceNow. ServiceNow experience a plus. 
 Managing the Service Desk ticket queue 
 Proven ability to think quickly and react appropriately to stressful situations 
 Basic server understanding of Linux and Windows operating environments 
 Procedure development 
 Good communication skills both written and verbal 
 Managing inventory and asset allocation 
 Job Benefits 
 We offer opportunities for promotion, training, and a long-term career path for highly motivated individuals. For our regular employees we offer the following benefits: 
 Medical insurance HMO, PPO, and HDHP with HSA 
 Dental insurance HMO and PPO 
 Vision 
 Employer-paid Life insurance & AD&D 
 401(K) with an employer match 
 Employee stock option program 
 Time to volunteer and do community service (post covid) 
 Employee referral bonus 
 Virtual social events sponsored by the company 
 Generous PTO package and more! 
 
 At Security On-Demand, we work hard and play hard. We believe in a work-life balance as well. Pre-COVID days, you would enjoy our monthly sponsored social events and service opportunities that develop camaraderie and teamwork. Activities and events ranged from volunteering at the local food bank, family bowling night, Escape Rooms, Holiday parties, office potlucks, San Diego Padres Games, and informal get-togethers. Now in COVID days, the company sponsors virtual events such as monthly birthday celebrations, St. Patrick's, Halloween, and our annual Holiday Party / White Elephant. 
 Visit our career page for more information on our comprehensive benefit offerings, including company ownership through Incentive Stock Options. https://www.securityondemand.com/start-a-career-with-sod/ Security-on Demand 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Security-on Demand in Salt Lake City, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Security-on Demand Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
