
 
 
 
 Commercial Project Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Commercial Project Manager Babylon Health 33 reviews Remote Remote Babylon Health 33 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are a team on a mission, to put accessible and affordable healthcare in the hands of every person on earth. Our mission is bold and ambitious, and it’s one that’s shared by our team who shares our values, to dream big, build fast and be brilliant. 
To achieve this, we’ve brought together one of the largest teams of scientists, clinicians, mathematicians and engineers to focus on combining the ever-growing computing power of machines, with the best medical expertise of humans, to create a comprehensive, immediate and personalized health service and make it universally available. 
At Babylon our people aren’t just part of a team, they’re part of something bigger. We’re a vibrant community of creative thinkers and doers, forging the way for a new generation of healthcare. We’re only as good as our people. So, finding the best people is everything to us. 
We serve millions, but we choose our people one at a time… 
This position will play an integral role in driving the company’s performance and will support building, optimising, and expanding our commercial business. 
The Project Manager role will be accountable to bring coordination and management skills to our pre-contract activities during the customer sales lifecycle working with the business development and revenue teams. 
This individual will engage with customers, internal functions inside commercial and across Babylon to deliver the deal project plan that brings us to a contract close. They will also work closely with and handover to delivery/implementation project managers that will deliver the product and/or service post contract signing. 
 Key Responsibilites 
Lead the delivery of the deal project plans for multiple customer pursuits from early stages of the opportunity through to the signing of the contract agreement. 
Work with GTM Ops team to provide feedback on the assumptions around timings and activities of the templated deal plans to improve our forecasts. 
Coordinate internal and stakeholder communications on status of various aspects of the deal plan and mitigate issues that impact time, cost and quality of the contract pursuit. 
Actively participate and collaborate in deal team meetings acting as the caretaker of process and governance for the deal plans.
 Plan and host deal retros on each Client Deal to enable us to reflect and continually improve the pre-contract process. 
 Key Skills required 
Strong understanding of pre-sales/pre-contract activities and processes in order to intuitively champion governance throughout the sales cycle. 
Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to convince others of the right path of action. 
Ability to take the lead on the various dependencies across the deal plans, bringing in the right people across Babylon to mitigate issues. 
Strong organisation and communication skills, can multi-task across multiple medium-term projects. 
Excellent organisational skills and strong ability to effectively operate under high pressure environments, with high levels of ambiguity and tight deadlines. 
Ability to combine great energy and entrepreneurship - be inquisitive and challenge the status quo. 
Confident, logical problem solving, able to come up with practical solutions with excellent attention to detail. 
Ability to prioritise and make decisions intelligently, with strong financial and commercial discipline. 
 Qualifications and Experience 
Significant experience and understanding of the healthcare market, and value-based care in particular. 
Experience working in healthcare technology, artificial intelligence software or other disruptive technology. 
 Experience working in organisations undergoing hyper-growth. 
Relevant graduate qualification or its equivalent. 
 Person Specification 
To respect the views and ideas of others. 
Works in a straight-forward, collaborative and inclusive way. 
Is tenacious, in the pursuit to delight our users.
 They strive for excellence in all they do and always look to improve our service and product.
 Regularly seeks to turn ideas into action and injects creativity into every touch point. questions common practice to challenge the norm.
 Frequently has a can-do attitude and a positive viewpoint.
 Takes ownership and always delivers against what is agreed. 
Understands the complex interplay of clinical, political and economic issues surrounding delivery of healthcare. 
 We believe that difference inspires a better, healthier world. That’s why it’s at the heart of everything we do. From our people to our products, difference enriches every part of our business and creates a culture based on equality of opportunity, and in which all Babylonians can progress their careers. We’re committed to creating an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, pregnancy status, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
At Babylon, we have Power of Diversity groups (PODs) to drive positive engagements that create and foster a diverse and inclusive environment and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse pool of candidates. 
Our mission is to put an accessible and affordable health service in the hands of every person on earth. Diversity and inclusion play a key role in helping us bring this mission to life and create a true sense of belonging for all. Babylon Health 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Commercial Project Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Babylon Health in Remote Commercial Project Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Babylon Health Babylon Health 33 reviews babylon is a personal health service aiming to make healthcare more accessible and affordable to people around the world, by combining th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
