
 
 
 
 Digital Specialist - Business Applications - - Las Colinas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Specialist - Business Applications - Microsoft 7,121 reviews Las Colinas, TX Microsoft 7,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be, and take their careers to levels they cannot achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky's-the-limit thinking - a cloud-enabled world. 
At Microsoft we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples' lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. 
Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? 
Are you ready to join a double-digit growth cloud business? Microsoft Business Applications cloud is recognized by analysts as a leader in the CRM, ERP and application platform space. Trusted by global businesses as their platform of choice, Microsoft Business Applications uniquely enables customers to optimize their operations, engage their customers, empower their people and transform their products. It’s a new data-driven world, and Microsoft is the only platform in the industry built from the ground with data and intelligence at the center. Microsoft Business Application solutions include virtually unlimited data sources from customers’ applications including legacy, first and third-party, vendor, customer and many more. This unified approach to data and intelligence enables customers to make informed proactive business decisions with deep insights powered by artificial intelligence and industry-leading analytics (Power BI) resulting in the following key customer benefits: 
 Create  impact faster : Deliver more impact in less time by quickly deploying solutions, or augmenting existing ones, to enable teams to accelerate business results and increase time to value. 
Break through barriers : Take a data-first approach with unified data that leverages Microsoft AI to deliver insights & actions that help create better customer experiences. 
Adapt to anything:  agility to react and respond to new business priorities, market conditions and customer opportunities with rapidly deployable solutions. 
Innovate everywhere:  Solve problems with powerful solutions only possible with the Microsoft Cloud enabling interoperable solutions across multiple lines of business. 
You will be joining the Microsoft Digital Sales organization whose charter is to accelerate Microsoft’s cloud growth. This organization is at the forefront of establishing new sales models leveraging modern technology and data-first analytics driving impactful demand response with high-propensity targeted sales coverage. The reinvention of business processes is a double-digit growth engine for Microsoft cloud services. The mission of the Digital Sales organization focused on Microsoft Business Applications is to help our customers digitally transform their businesses to drive new sources of revenue, create new and engaging ways to serve their customers and to transform the way in which their business runs to drive new levels of profitability for their organization. 
 The   Digital Sales Representative  –Cloud Acquisition Digital Sales role for Business Applications focuses on working with Microsoft’s account teams to identify and drive opportunities in targeted workloads. As a Digital Sales Representative, you will work closely with Business Applications Sales Specialists and partners to plan and execute account coverage, rapidly respond to digital signals and effectively turn prospects/qualified leads to opportunities and revenue pipeline, increase customer adds. The role is adept at understanding the needs and process pains of customers to identify opportunities where Microsoft Business Applications solutions can add long-term value. 
 You will be a customer-centric and outcome-driven business process transformation enabler within the Microsoft Digital Sales organization working with our customers helping them with their end-to-end business transformation needs by envisioning solutions and mapping capabilities with associated business value to business decision maker persona pains/needs. 
You will execute with excellence the sales process by orchestrating a virtual pursuit team of technically-intense solution workload experts including presales and co-sell partners. You’ll provide customers with solutions aligned to their end-to-end business transformation needs using Microsoft Business Applications’ portfolio of solution offerings. You will use the Microsoft Catalyst Sales Methodology to enable the customer digital transformation journey focusing on the business value and outcomes from Microsoft Business Application solutions. 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: Culture | Microsoft Careers 
Check out all our products: https://careers.microsoft.com/ 
 Responsibilities 
The  Digital Sales Representative  is an experienced solution seller with a proven track record of selling cloud-based business process automation solutions across customers’ lines of business with experience developing demand, owning and running ERP/CRM sales pursuits and acquiring customer adds. 
To excel in the Business Applications Digital Sales Representative role, you must have the following traits and abilities: 
Business Process Transformation Knowledge-  Has understanding of business process transformation challenges and opportunities and can envision solutions mapped with business value to address customer persona business needs and pains. 
Business Decision Maker Conversationalist, Digital First Seller - Identifies the right BDMs and builds relationships virtually using social selling best practices leveraging other organizations in Microsoft and their relationships. Expertise in customer-centric solutions with connected use cases to achieve trusted advisor role with BDMs & customer personas. 
Orchestrator-  Multi-thread Project Manager, influences for impact, leads, manages & drives shared vision and execution across virtual teams and partners .
 Business Outcome Seller-  Ability to map solution capabilities addressing customer persona needs and pains with business value leveraging pre-defined business value maps.
 Position Microsoft Differentiating Solution Offering-  Understanding and positioning of proposed solution(s) against competition, can articulate and present the power of the Microsoft Cloud and differentiated benefits for customers. 
Deal Crafter & Negotiator-  Deal crafter capable of mapping business value to customer proposals. Employs negotiation techniques to advance and close business. 
Executive Level Presenter-  Strong communication and presentation skills. 
Build Pipe in alignment with Account Teams & Cross-Solution Areas-  Build customer pipeline by effectively turning prospects into opportunities using data-first analytics, qualified account-based marketing leads and leveraging cutting-edge, industry-leading virtual engagement tools and best practices landing new customers.
 Envision Customer-Centric Solutions with Business Value Insights-  Discover and envision business application solutions with business value insights working with a pursuit team of technically intense workload experts and partner resources to quantify and qualify end-to-end connected solution use cases expanding opportunity value across line of business BDMs. 
Engage with Partner(s) - Leverage and scale through aligning early with priority co-sell partners and ISVs.
 Develop Close Plan & Secure Customer Agreement to Envisioned Solution-  Gain customer agreement by successfully presenting the business case for change, aligning business pains with envisioned solution and associated business value. 
Orchestrate Solution Design & Demonstration-  Orchestrate, bringing clarity to pursuit team of technical workload sellers and partners to ensure designed solution(s) maps to envisioned solution and business value. 
Negotiate with Proposals mapped to Business Value-  Create compelling presentations with proposals aligned to customer transformation plan mapped to business value impact leveraging virtual team and Microsoft leaders when required to expedite close and resolve stalemate/inaction. 
Qualifications 
2+ years of experience: 
Experience selling cloud-based business process automation solutions to customer accounts exceeding sales targets. 
Developing demand and pipeline as a virtual digital seller by engaging with the right stakeholders, assessing strategic customer objectives, digital transformation opportunity discovery and key improvement scenarios with the ability to quantify and present economic value for proposed solutions. 
Working within a digitally equipped sales organization engaging with customers throughout the sales process.
 Ability to use programs, offers and resources that drive customer interest and understanding of the solution impact in the Digital Transformation process 
Generating demand and selling solutions that emphasized connected end-to-end business transformation across lines of business within assigned accounts. 
Orchestrating sales processes across account planning, opportunity planning, customer decision frameworks and engaging in business case discussions. 
Ability to create compelling presentations with proposals aligned to customer transformation plan mapped to business value impact. 
Demonstrated accuracy in forecasting business and maintaining pipeline hygiene. 
Track record and history of exceeding sales quota. 
 Understanding of:
 Business process automation cloud-based solutions including one or more of: Marketing Automation, Sales Automation, Customer Service, Field Service, Finance, Supply Chain Management or Retail and how those solutions translate into business impact.
 Commercial cloud offerings, ideally including Microsoft’s cloud platform as well as competitors and related ecosystems. 
The security, regulatory and compliance needs of global customers. 
 Desired Skills:
 Solution discovery and envisioning skills 
Strong virtual presentation, whiteboarding and communication skills 
Passion and commitment for customer success 
Ability to maintain a high level of productivity, manage multiple competing priorities, and work effectively under the pressure of time constraints in a fast-paced, complex, collaborative and team-oriented environment. 
Organizational agility, able to coordinate stakeholders across field and technical sales and partner. 
Problem solver and ability to work in rapidly changing environment effectively managing ambiguity. 
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience required. 
Your Onboarding Process
 You’ll attend an in-depth onboarding program designed to help you become skilled in Microsoft Business Applications solution portfolio, differentiated value proposition, industry-aligned connected end-to-end use cases and business value. You will learn the Microsoft Catalyst Sales methodology, Design Thinking, Envisioning, business value quantification and the use of guided selling tools. You will also get to participate in several hands-on experiential training to fortify concepts you learned to make successful in your role. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Specialist jobs in Las Colinas, TX Jobs at Microsoft in Las Colinas, TX Application Specialist salaries in Las Colinas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,121 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
