
 
 
 
 Applications Engineer, Sr I - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applications Engineer, Sr I Synopsys 262 reviews United States Synopsys 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 29391BR 
 NETHERLANDS – Enschede, USA - California - Mountain View/Sunnyvale, USA - California - Pasadena, USA - New York - Ossining 
 Job Description and Requirements 
 The applicant for an Applications Engineer (AE) on the customer support team should have skills in the use of advanced photonic design tools (Synopsys preferred). You should have a passion for photonic design and modeling and have an interest in helping engineers maximize the capabilities of Synopsys tools. You'll help resolve their most challenging and complex problems. You must have an interest in product development, and be able to understand photonic engineering issues associated with new and advancing technology applications. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
Support photonic customers with complex technical questions, efficiently understanding, diagnosing, troubleshooting, and resolving issues in a customer environment 
Provide technical insight and direction to improve usability, applicability, and adoption of products, platforms, and solutions to meet customer business needs 
Develop and utilize technical material in a variety of ways, including at training sessions, webinars, customer visits, and user group meetings 
Partner with sales and technical leaders to identify business challenges, develop effective solutions, and increase retention of products. 
Qualifications: 
3+ years of experience in integrated optics, photonics, photonic integrated circuits, or physics 
Master/Ph.D. degree in a technical discipline (Optics, Photonics Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics) 
Ability to work on multiple concurrent projects and ability to work well in a team 
Exceptional problem solving, troubleshooting, and organizational skills 
Ability to understand customer requirements and expectations of a commercial software package 
Willingness for international and domestic travel to support customer visits and other events 
Excellent written and verbal skills with the ability to clearly communicate highly technical information 
Our Silicon Design & Verification business is all about building high-performance silicon chips—faster. We’re the world’s leading provider of solutions for designing and verifying advanced silicon chips. And we design the next-generation processes and models needed to manufacture those chips. We enable our customers to optimize chips for power, cost, and performance—eliminating months off their project schedules. 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Engineering
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 Applications Engineering
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Developer jobs in United States Jobs at Synopsys in United States Application Developer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 262 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
