
 
 
 
 Contracts Manager - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Contracts Manager Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,365 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,365 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 5+ years of contracts management, paralegal, or other comparable experience within a law firm or legal department 
 Bachelor's Degree 
 
Amazon's Legal Department is looking for a talented Contracts Manager to support Amazon Web Services, a dynamic and rapidly growing business within Amazon.com. Amazon Web Services is at the forefront of the cloud computing and service industry providing IT services such as on-demand compute capacity, storage, content delivery, artificial intelligence and machine learning services, and more.
 
The successful candidate will be responsible for reviewing, drafting and negotiating IT agreements (including services agreements, reseller contracts, and other commercial contracts). As a member of our team, you will provide day-to-day contracting advice to business team members, and drive process improvements to simplify IT transactions from beginning to end.
 
Amazon offers its Contracts Managers the opportunity to develop their experience and career with one of the world’s most recognized and dynamic brands. This position will be based in Seattle, WA.
 
 
 IT contract experience 
 Project management experience 
 Able to communicate effectively with cross-functional teams 
 Able to organize, prioritize, and manage multiple tasks of varying duration and complexity 
 Able to exercise strong judgment even in ambiguous situations 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Contract Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Contract Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,365 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
