
 
 
 
 Scientist/Senior Scientist, PKPD Imaging Modeling & Simulation - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist/Senior Scientist, PKPD Imaging Modeling & Simulation Genentech 958 reviews South San Francisco, CA 94080 Genentech 958 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Position 
The Preclinical and Translational PKPD (PTPK) department is seeking a Scientist/Senior Scientist who is driven to 
understand the pharmacokinetics (PK), pharmacodynamics (PD) and tissue distribution of novel imaging tracers and drug candidates 
develop Artificial Intelligence/Computer Vision models to gain insight into images generated by in vivo imaging modalities. 
The PKPD-imaging Modeling & Simulation group within PTPK is focused on driving modeling/simulation and analytics in the area of PKPD and mechanistic modeling for preclinical in vivo imaging and biodistribution, focusing on efforts that are complementary to and in collaboration with the broader imaging community at Genentech. 
The candidate will be responsible for developing and applying smaller fit-for-purpose models as well as mechanistic or physiologically-based PK/PD models of imaging tracer and/or drug tissue dynamics in various therapeutic areas including oncology and ophthalmology. There will also be opportunities to contribute to in vivo imaging study design and subsequent analysis of images, including development and deployment of Artificial Intelligence/Computer Vision approaches to tissue segmentation and other tasks. 
The candidate will work in a highly collaborative, cross-functional environment, with partnerships across Research, Development Sciences and Clinical Sciences, represent PTPK at cross-functional teams, department meetings, review committees, and conferences. 
Who You Are: 
We are looking for individuals who are inspired by our mission and who would fit in well with the collaborative, rigorous, and entrepreneurial spirit of our company culture. 
A Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering, Medical Imaging, Data Science, Pharmaceutical Sciences, or a related discipline; persons without formal degree who have comparable depth and breadth of training and experience, and who meet job-specific criteria, are eligible for consideration. 
Minimum of 0+ years (for Scientist), and 3+ years (for Senior Scientist) of relevant experience and demonstrated impact on drug development and/or the PKPD scientific landscape. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in one or more of the following areas is highly desirable for this position 
Strong analytical, collaborative, communication and organizational skills are required. 
Experience with preclinical or clinical molecular imaging data analysis and/or acquisition. 
Experience using computer vision and machine learning models to solve problems in the biological sciences. 
Strong programming skills (Matlab, R, Python, TensorFlow, Keras, etc). 
Experience with Ordinary and/or Partial Differential Equation models of drug/tracer tissue distribution dynamics. 
Working knowledge of PKPD modeling and the ability to analyze and critically assess PKPD data. 
Knowledge and experience in oncology and immunology. 
Knowledge and experience in PKPD of protein therapeutics. 
Drug development experience. 
#DevSci 
#LI-KD1 Genentech 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Model jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Model salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 958 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
