
 
 
 
 Assistant / Associate Professor of Computer Science - Columbus, GA 31907 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant / Associate Professor of Computer Science Columbus State University 148 reviews Columbus, GA 31907 Columbus State University 148 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Assistant / Associate Professor of Computer Science 
 
Job ID:  228197 
 Location:  Columbus State University 
 Full/Part Time:  Full-Time 
 Regular/Temporary:  Regular 
 
 About Us 
 
The Computer Science School at CSU offers a B.S. degree in Computer Science (with concentrations in Cybersecurity, Software Systems, Web Development, Enterprise Computing, Computer Science Teacher Education, and Games Programming), a B.S. in Information Technology (on-campus and online) and a B.S. in Cybersecurity degree. It also offers an M.S. degree in Applied Computer Science (on-campus and online with concentrations in Software Development, AI & Machine Learning and Cybersecurity) and an M.S. in Cybersecurity Management (online).
 
 
The undergraduate programs support over 500 undergraduate majors and the two M.S. programs currently have approximately 90 graduate students. Columbus State University is endorsed by the National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security as a Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Education. Our M.S. in Applied Computer Science has been ranked the No. 1 online master's in computer science by Go Grad. All 17 faculty members and the School of Computer Science staff are located in the modern Synovus Center for Commerce and Technology, which is shared with the rest of the Turner College of Business, the TSYS Center for Cybersecurity and the University Information Technology Services. For more information about the School, visit our web site at http://CS.ColumbusState.edu.
 
 
Columbus State University has a nationally recognized track record of partnership and outreach through efforts such as the Cunningham Center for Leadership Development, Coca Cola Space Science Center, Oxbow Meadows Environmental Learning Center, and its own residence - the Spencer House - in Oxford, England. The University has two primary campus locations in Columbus, Georgia - the original campus on 150 acres in midtown Columbus, and a beautiful campus in historic downtown Columbus overlooking the Chattahoochee River. The Columbus region, with more than 350,000 residents, is home to world-class enterprises such as Aflac, Synovus, W.C. Bradley Company, TSYS and Ft. Benning, the U.S. Army's Maneuver Center of Excellence headquarters. For additional information about the University visit our website at www.ColumbusState.edu. 
 
 Job Summary 
 
The TSYS School of Computer Science at Columbus State University invites applications for a tenure-track, faculty position in Computer Science. The start date for this position is January 3, 2022. Applicants with a background and/or interest in Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Cloud Computing and Enterprise Computing (web and/or mainframe) are preferred. Applicants with specializations in other areas of computer science are also encouraged to apply. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
Responsibilities include delivering quality instruction in undergraduate and graduate courses; conducting research including student mentoring, student advising, developing and coordinating grant proposals; participating in university and community services; and contributing to the research program of the School of Computer Science. The successful candidate will be expected to engage in practices that support the Universities focus on student engagement and active learning. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
Candidates are required to have an earned Ph.D. in Computer Science or a closely related field by the time of appointment (January 3, 2022). The successful candidate will be expected to engage in practices that support the University's focus on student engagement and active learning. 
 
 Required Documents to Attach 
 
Letter of Application 
 
Curriculum Vitae 
 
 
Unofficial Transcripts (Official transcripts from all institutions attended must be received prior to an offer being extended) 
 
Statement of Teaching Philosophy 
 
 
Contact information of three references with emails and current telephone numbers (will not be contacted without prior notification) 
 
 Contact Information 
 
If you have any questions, please contact Dr. Shamim Khan, TSYS School of Computer Science, 4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907; or via email to cs@columbusstate.edu. 
 
 Conditions of Employment 
 
A successful criminal background check will be required as a condition of employment. 
 
Please note: Visa sponsorship is not provided for this position. 
 
 Special Applicant Instructions 
 
Applications will be accepted until the position has been filled. Applications for part-time and full-time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and official transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if selected for interview. Applicants must have the ability to meet Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Committed to Diversity in Hiring.
 
 
All applications and required documents must be submitted using Columbus State University's online employment site and a complete packet must be submitted for full consideration. If applicable, any international transcripts must be evaluated by an approved foreign credential evaluator prior to submission. 
 
 
 To apply, visit  https://careers.hprod.onehcm.usg.edu/psp/careers/CAREERS/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM_FL.HRS_CG_SEARCH_FL.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST_FL&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=30000&JobOpeningId=228197&PostingSeq=1 
 
jeid-056fa729653874408bd93550a33ca10e Columbus State University Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Columbus, GA Jobs at Columbus State University in Columbus, GA Associate Professor salaries in Columbus, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbus State University Columbus State University 148 reviews Just 100 miles southwest of Atlanta, Columbus State University is a proud member of the University System of Georgia, enrolling more than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
