
 
 
 
 ESG Analyst - Thousand Oaks, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ESG Analyst Amgen 1,532 reviews Thousand Oaks, CA Amgen 1,532 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Career Category
 Corporate Services
 Job Description
 HOW MIGHT YOU DEFY IMAGINATION?
 You’ve earned your degree. How will you use that achievement to reach your goals? Do more with the knowledge you’ve worked hard to acquire and the passion you already have. At Amgen, our shared mission—to serve patients—drives all that we do. It is key to our becoming one of the world’s leading biotechnology companies, reaching over 10 million patients worldwide. Become the professional you are meant to be in this meaningful role.
 ESG Analyst
 Live
 What you will do
 Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will support a wide range of information-gathering, analysis and program support tasks to help advance the ESG program. The information-gathering is designed to help us more efficiently and effectively monitor ESG trends, partner perceptions and peer performance – critical information that supports decision-making for all ESG leaders. The ESG Analyst will also develop analyses to distill key lessons from the information being monitored.
 Key Responsibilities
 Conduct ongoing benchmarking to understand Amgen’s progress against peers in external rankings and make recommendations on how to improve our position.
 Responsible for trend analysis and horizon scanning to understand changing partner expectations on ESG and engage as appropriate with targeted partners to ensure awareness of critical developments related to standard setters like SASB, GRI and TCFD, as well as global targets such as UN SDGs.
 Ongoing monitoring of a wide range of ESG-related newsletters, blogs, webinars and websites to keep track of key ESG trends.
 Use Polecat social listening/artificial intelligence tool to monitor trends in external partner perspectives on ESG
 Develop periodic updates that summarize key developments related to ESG trends, ratings, partner perspectives and peer performance
 Support targeted analyses to support areas of inquiry from ESG leaders
 Develop a structure for storage and easy access of ESG background information
 Win
 What we expect of you
 We are all different, yet we all use our unique contributions to serve patients. The professional we seek has these qualifications.
 Basic Qualifications
 Master’s degree
 OR
 Bachelor’s degree and 2 years of Corporate Affairs experience
 Or
 Associate’s degree and 6 years of Corporate Affairs experience
 Or
 High school diploma / GED and 8 years of Corporate Affairs experience
 Thrive
 Some of the vast rewards of working here
 As we work to develop treatments that take care of others, so we work to care for our teammates’ professional and personal growth and well-being.
 Full support and career-development resources to expand your skills, enhance your expertise, and maximize your potential along your career journey
 A diverse and inclusive community of belonging, where teammates are empowered to bring ideas to the table and act
 Generous Total Rewards Plan—comprising health, finance and wealth, work/life balance, and career benefits—with compensation and benefits rated above 4 stars (out of 5) on Glassdoor
 Apply now
 for a career that defies imagination
 Objects in your future are closer than they appear. Join us.
 careers.amgen.com
 Equal Opportunity Statement
 Amgen is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider you without regard to your race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
 We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
 . Amgen 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in Thousand Oaks, CA Jobs at Amgen in Thousand Oaks, CA Analyst salaries in Thousand Oaks, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amgen Amgen 1,532 reviews How does Amgen defy imagination?
We live the mission. We win together. We thrive on continual challenge.

We are all different, yet we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
