
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Pfizer 5,885 reviews Tampa, FL Pfizer 5,885 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Pfizer Machine Learning and Intelligent Assistance Team, deliver and maintain the platforms and capabilities that enable Pfizer Business Units to connect digitally with our external customers, provide intelligent automation solutions and effectively engage/collaborate across teams internally. We build advanced cloud-based technology solutions at a global scale that positively impact Pfizer business performance. Pfizer is accelerating the use of digital technology across our entire enterprise.
 The Machine Learning Engineer will partner with key business stakeholders to scope and lead Digital project/product initiatives that support key business initiatives across Pfizer. This role will be involved in understanding business processes and executing proof-of-concept initiatives as well as full production builds. In addition to solution delivery and development, this role will play a lead role in architecting, leading and developing re-usable microservices and scalable pipelines using our Dev/Ops tools.
 Finally, the Machine Learning Engineer will play a technical leadership role in coaching junior members of the team and educating the broader Pfizer community on Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning concepts.
 ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
 In order of importance, indicate the primary responsibilities critical to the performance of the role. It is recommended not to list actual tasks but focus on 5-8 essential responsibilities that highlight accountability and level of judgment required.
 Work closely with teams across Pfizer to maximize the use of data in answering key questions related to: acceleration of drug discovery efforts, identification of drug repurposing opportunities, optimization of clinical trial activities, improving patient access to Pfizer therapies through a better understanding of outcomes & patterns of care, and maximizing the value of our interactions with patients, healthcare providers, payers, and regulatory agencies.
 Lead the development of scalable analytic and machine learning pipelines to deliver stable and efficient production-ready components and solutions.
 Produce executive reports and visualizations for decision makers throughout the organization
 Lead the development and deployment of machine learning-based products & microservices
 
that will serve as the foundation for a scalable approach for Pfizer’s machine learning maturation
 Partner with other Digital teams to define and execute technology POCs using innovative technologies to advance Pfizer’s analytic capabilities
 Partner with other Data Science oriented groups within Pfizer to develop common tools & approaches through participation in formal/informal community of practice activities
 Directly engage with key business stake-holders (Director/Sr. Director level)
 Lead projects of up to $500,000 funding with stakeholders from requirements gathering through the full SDLC lifecycle
 Shared-ownership of advancing team's capabilities in at least one technical area
 Managerial responsibility for interns and contingent workers to support project delivery efforts.
 QUALIFICATIONS
 Indicate qualifications that are job related, consistent with business necessity and necessary for the performance of an essential function of this role including: education/licenses/certifications, relevant experience (where legally permissible), technical and/or other job-related skills.
 5 years as a data scientist/machine learning engineer
 5 years working with different types of data sets – structured, semi-structured and unstructured data
 3+ year experience leading projects and project teams
 Degree in Computer Science, Informatics, life sciences, physics, applied mathematics, statistics or related field
 Ability to create technical examples, prototypes, and demonstrations based on rapidly changing data sets
 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced multi-disciplinary environment; with the ability to effectively communicate with a diverse audience
 Experience with supervised and unsupervised Machine Learning techniques, with emphasis on Natural Language Processing
 Experience with hyperparameter optimization, model selection and validation.
 Experience with implementation of solutions with DevOps tools within the CI/CD pipeline (eg. Docker, Kubernetes)
 Good proficiency with SQL, Python, Scala, or JAVA as well as formal statistical tools R, SAS, etc.
 Good written and verbal communication skills
 NON-STANDARD WORK SCHEDULE, TRAVEL OR ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS
 Flexible to work across time zones and support global markets in APAC, AFME, LATAM, North America
 Last Date to Apply for Job: June 11, 2021
 Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Information & Business Tech
 #LI-PFE Pfizer 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at Pfizer in Tampa, FL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,885 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
