
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Robotics Engineering - Columbus, GA 31907 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Robotics Engineering Columbus State University 148 reviews Columbus, GA 31907 Columbus State University 148 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Assistant Professor of Robotics Engineering 
 
Job ID:  224766 
 Location:  Columbus State University 
 Full/Part Time:  Full-Time 
 Regular/Temporary:  Regular 
 
 About Us 
 
Founded in 1958, Columbus State University, with an enrollment of nearly 8,000, is part of the University System of Georgia. CSU offers more than 70 programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels and is ranked among the top public regional universities in the South by U.S. News & World Report. Columbus, located 100 miles southwest of Atlanta and the second-largest city in Georgia, is recognized as a vibrant and contemporary cultural community - https://visitcolumbusga.com. 
 
Columbus State University has a nationally recognized track record of partnership and outreach through efforts such as the Cunningham Center for Leadership Development, Coca-Cola Space Science Center, Oxbow Meadows Environmental Learning Center, and its own residence - the Spencer House - in Oxford, England. The University has two primary campus locations in Columbus, Georgia: the original campus on 150 acres in midtown Columbus and a beautiful campus in historic downtown Columbus overlooking the Chattahoochee River. The Columbus region, with more than 350,000 residents, is home to world-class enterprises such as Aflac, Synovus, W.C. Bradley Company, TSYS and Ft. Benning, the U.S. Army's Maneuver Center of Excellence headquarters. For additional information about the University visit our website at www.ColumbusState.edu. 
 
Inclusion is one of Columbus State University's values. The 2018-2023 Strategic Plan specifically states that we will work to attain a level of diversity among faculty and staff that more closely reflects the student population. The range of diverse students at CSU is reflected by the diverse student organizations, including Collegiate 100 Men of CSU, Collegiate Women of Columbus State University, Minority Association of Premedical/Prehealth Students, Pride +, CHispA, and others. 
 
 Job Summary 
 
The Department of Earth and Space Sciences (ESS) at Columbus State University (CSU) invites applications for a full time tenure track position as an Assistant Professor of Robotics Engineering with an expected start date of August 2021. Columbus State is leading the region with a new Bachelor's and Master's of Science degree in Robotics Engineering and is one of the few pioneering institutions offering this exciting opportunity with a 4+1 option. This innovative program was designed in partnership with industry and military experts. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
Columbus State University expects faculty to be involved in a balance of teaching, research, and service activities. The successful candidate will be able to foster an environment of professionalism and collaboration; demonstrate an exceptional ability to function as part of a team with University faculty and the local community; and engage in practices that support the University's focus on student engagement and active learning. 
 
The candidate will teach undergraduate and graduate courses in Robotics Engineering, oversee student research, and advise students. Candidates must be able to develop and design new courses and laboratories in Robotics Engineering. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
Candidates must have a Ph.D. in electrical engineering, computer computer engineering, mechanical engineering, computer science, or closely related field, with expertise in the fields of robotics or mechatronics. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Demonstrated expertise and achievement in computer vision, machine intelligence, embedded systems design, and/or artificial intelligence with application in robotics 
 Expertise in the application of robotics including, but not limited to human-robot interaction, robotic manipulation, soft robotics, applications of robots in space, or military applications of robotics 
 Significant experience designing, building, and operating robots. 
 Experience with community outreach 
 
 Required Documents to Attach 
 Cover Letter/Letter of Application 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Unofficial Transcripts (Official transcripts from all institutions attended must be received prior to an offer being extended) 
 Statement of Teaching Philosophy 
 Statement of Research Interests 
 Statement of Service 
 Three references with e-mails and current telephone numbers 
 
 Contact Information 
 
If you have any questions, please contact Dr. Floyd Jackson, Professor, Interim Chair, Department of Earth and Space Sciences, College of Letters and Sciences, Columbus State University, 4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907; Phone:  706-569-3031 ; or email to jackson_floyd@columbusstate.edu. 
 
 Conditions of Employment 
 
A successful criminal background check will be required as a condition of employment. 
 
 Special Applicant Instructions 
 
Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Applications for part-time and full-time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and official transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if selected for an interview. Applicants must meet the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Committed to Diversity in Hiring. 
 
All applications and required documents must be submitted using Columbus State University's online employment site and a complete packet must be submitted for full consideration. If applicable, any international transcripts must be evaluated by an approved foreign credential evaluator prior to submission.
 
 
 Please note: Visa sponsorship is not provided for this position. 
 
 
 
 To apply, visit  https://careers.hprod.onehcm.usg.edu/psp/careers/CAREERS/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM_FL.HRS_CG_SEARCH_FL.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST_FL&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=30000&JobOpeningId=224766&PostingSeq=1 
 
jeid-e49b88dfdee734499290835c163e8fe9 Columbus State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Robotics Engineer jobs in Columbus, GA Jobs at Columbus State University in Columbus, GA Robotics Engineer salaries in Columbus, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbus State University Columbus State University 148 reviews Just 100 miles southwest of Atlanta, Columbus State University is a proud member of the University System of Georgia, enrolling more than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
