
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 The MITRE Corporation is currently seeking motivated, creative Data Scientists with interest and experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to develop innovative solutions and make evidence-based recommendations to help the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) chart the future of aviation. We are seeking both entry-level and experienced candidates. You will passionately apply your Data Science skills and experience to help the FAA chart the future of aviation, use your curiosity and interest to understand and solve complex problems using objective and quantitative methods, and work directly with government sponsors and industry to gain an understanding of their challenges, evaluate solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.
 Required Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree or Master’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar field.
 Experience with RStudio, Python, and Tableau.
 Creative thinker with the ability to function in a dynamic, fast-moving environment.
 Excellent communication skills, both written and oral, of particularly complex and interconnected concepts.
 Interest in aviation and aerospace domain.
 Preferred Qualifications  :
 Experience with applying AI/ML to complex problems, including initial design through hands-on application.
 Experience with prototype software development including algorithm development and implementation in back end (e.g., Java Spring Boot) or front end (E.g., JS, HTML5, CSS, VUE, React, Bootstrap).
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Data Scientist salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
