
 
 
 
 Support Engineer -AWS Builder Tools - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Support Engineer -AWS Builder Tools Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,428 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,428 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's degree in Engineering or related technical field 
 Sharp troubleshooting and analytical abilities, proven design skills, and communication skills 
 2+ years overall development/technical support experience 
 Experience in Java/Perl/Python/shell scripts. 
 Detailed knowledge of the UNIX/Linux operating system and tools 
 Knowledge of Java based technologies 
 
The AWS Builder Tools team is looking for a Software Support Engineer who will act as first level support for software application issues dealing with build, test, automation, deployment and other tools that thousands of Amazon developers use every day. Amazon Support Engineers are expected to have a high degree of technical aptitude over a large scope of IT software and networking disciplines. Amazon seeks individuals who are willing to work hard, have fun, and join us in making Worldwide History.
 
Your solutions will impact our customers directly! This job requires you to constantly hit the ground running and your ability to learn quickly and work on disparate and overlapping tasks will define your success. High Impact production issues affect developers throughout the company, so you get to experience a breadth of impact with various groups.
 
Primary responsibilities include troubleshooting, diagnosing and fixing production software issues, performing software maintenance and configuration, automation, updating, tracking and resolving technical challenges. As you grow into your role, you will take on responsibility for more and more complex solutions requiring greater technical capabilities.
 
The ideal candidate must be detail oriented, have superior verbal and written communication skills, strong organizational skills, able to juggle multiple tasks at once, able to work independently and can maintain professionalism under pressure. You must be able to identify problems before they happen and implement solutions that detect and prevent outages. You must be able to accurately prioritize projects, make sound judgments, work to improve the customer experience, and get the right things done.
 
---
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Mentor
 We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Inclusion
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work-Life Balance
 
We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal life.
 
 
 4+ years overall development/technical support experience 
 Experience in coding or software development from scratch is a plus 
 Proven ability to troubleshoot and fix the root cause of issues. 
 Demonstrates skill and passion for operational excellence. 
 Demonstrated skill and passion for problem solving and operational excellence 
 Ability to understand and describe complex technical processes and issues 
 Clear and effective communication & documentation skills 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Support Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Support Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,428 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
