
 
 
 
 Sr. Software Development Engineer - Amazon Go (Artificial Intelligence) - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Software Development Engineer - Amazon Go (Artificial Intelligence) Amazon.com Services LLC 70,428 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,428 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description BS/MS in Computer Science or related technical field (In lieu of degree, 7 years of relevant work experience). Proficient in at least one of: Java, C# or other statically compiled language At least 5 years’ experience as a key member of an engineering team participating in the complete product development life-cycle of successfully launched applications. Strong examples demonstrating past work experience, deliverables and/or innovation across a broad range of methods. Able to lead architecture, tech strategy for the team Able to collaborate with internal & external teams on high-level design, architecture issues Help business stakeholders and leadership in defining the tech strategy Identify the tech initiatives that needs to be done to meet scale, reduced operational load and simplifying the business initiative 
 
 Amazon Go is a new kind of store with no lines and no checkout—you just grab and go! Customers simply use the Amazon Go app to enter the store, take what they want from our selection of fresh, delicious meals and grocery essentials, and go! 
 
Our checkout-free shopping experience is made possible by our Just Walk Out Technology, which automatically detects when products are taken from or returned to the shelves and keeps track of them in a virtual cart. When you’re done shopping, you can just leave the store. Shortly after, we’ll charge your Amazon account and send you a receipt. Check it out at amazon.com/go. Designed and custom-built by Amazonians, our Just Walk Out Technology uses a variety of technologies including computer vision, sensor fusion, and advanced machine learning. Innovation is part of our DNA! Our goal is to be Earths’ most customer centric company and we are just getting started. We need people who want to join an ambitious program that continues to push the state of the art in computer vision, machine learning, distributed systems and hardware design. 
 
As a Sr. Software Development Engineer, you will help solve a variety of technical challenges and mentor other engineers. You will play an active role in translating business and functional requirements into concrete deliverables and build quick prototypes or proofs of concept in partnership with other technology leaders within the team. You will help invent new features, design, develop and deploy reliable distributed services. You will work with a variety of core languages and technologies including Java and AWS Technologies. 
You will tackle challenging situations every day and you’ll have the opportunity to work with multiple technical teams at Amazon. You should be comfortable with a degree of ambiguity that’s higher than most projects and relish the idea of solving problems. Along the way, we guarantee that you’ll learn a ton, have fun and make a positive impact on many customers. 
 
 Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment Understanding of best practices, scalability and availability challenges of relational databases Experience with mission critical, 24x7 systems Ability to articulate technical challenges and deliver solutions to complex problems Practical experience with software engineering best-practices and a strong desire to create quality solutions and designs Experience in design and implementation of large scale, distributed, high performance, and high availability systems. 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 
#SEA-PS-SDE3 #SEA-PSF3-SDE3 #PS-SDE3 #PSF3-SDE3 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,428 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
