
 
 
 
 Implementation Associate - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Implementation Associate Ocrolus New York, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the Ocrolus rocket ship! 
Ocrolus is a  fintech infrastructure company  that transforms documents into actionable data with over  99% accuracy . Designed to streamline document-driven workflows and automate high-stakes financial decisions, Ocrolus is trusted by leading fintechs like  SoFi, LendingClub, Cross River Bank, BlueVine, Enova, and Plaid,  to name a few. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. Ocrolus has raised over $50 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others. 
We pride ourselves on being a dynamic, diverse team, unified by shared values of  Ownership, Optimism, Objectivity, Humility, Urgency, and Appreciation . We love what we do and the people we do it with, which is why we invite our team to bring their full selves to work every day. 
We are looking for an Implementation Associate who can partner closely with our Sales, Sales Engineers, Operations and Customer Success teams to successfully onboard clients. The candidate must have a proven track record of researching and documenting detailed project requirements and building use cases. The candidate will develop and manage project plans to ensure timely completion of implementations via proper project documentation, issue management and change requests. 
 Responsibilities: 
Develop and manage project plans to ensure timely completion of implementations. 
Build and maintain proper project documentation. 
Hold team meetings to provide visibility to client project’s progress, deadlines, goals, objectives & issues. 
Develop and maintain strong interpersonal relationships and collaborative skills with relevant team members in order to complete tasks and project deliverables. 
Problem solve complex implementation concepts for clients. 
Look for ways to improve the process of delivery solutions to clients. 
 Requirements: 
Proven track record of technical implementation experience in FinTech or another similar industry 
Demonstrated project management and presentation skills 
1-3 Years of experience in Software Implementation, Consulting, or similar client facing roles 
Some proficiency in data analysis and use of Excel, Powerpoint 
Detail-oriented, organized, process-driven 
Effective interpersonal skills; along with the ability to communicate complex ideas in written and verbal format 
Deliver meaningful product feedback to leadership and relevant teams 
Autonomous worker with excellent time management skills 
Ability to thrive in a cross-functional team environment 
Our employees are incredible individuals - that’s the only kind we hire - and we’re committed to their well-being and supporting their efforts to become the best they can be, both at work and in life. This includes offering flexible working hours, unlimited PTO, Summer Fridays, an inclusive work environment (D&I Council), and wellness reimbursement for physical and mental well-being. 
We’re growing rapidly and were recently named # 1 Fastest-Growing Fintech Company on the Inc. 5000,  and  #1 Fastest-Growing Software Company in NY  in Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500. If you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance! 
Ocrolus is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Ocrolus 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Ocrolus in New York, NY Associate salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ocrolus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
