
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Systems - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Systems ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Seattle, WA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. 
 
 If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
About the role: 
Anduril’s Lattice software platform integrates together many sensors into a single cohesive view of the world, providing needed context for our users. Our Systems Software Engineers work on the infrastructure that powers our deployed systems. We develop embedded devices, fine-tune operating systems, and analyze the performance of our devices running on land, sea, and air. Our strong focus on customer security is reflected in our software, networking protocols, build systems, and testing procedures. In this role you will work on a wide variety of systems software engineering tasks at Anduril. 
We believe in having as little separation between engineers and our users as well as between engineering teams. As a Software Engineer, you will be working alongside a team of engineers with a diverse set of backgrounds and skills. Anduril has a collaborative culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership. As an early member of the team, your decisions today will have a large impact on the company now and into the future, as well as our customers! 
We believe that simple systems are easier to understand, maintain, and scale. You will be making trade-offs as you work to ensure that our systems are prepared to scale - so being able to effectively communicate these trade-offs with your teammates is a must. You will be responsible for the full lifecycle of software development projects, from implementation, packaging, automated testing, field testing, deployment support, and ongoing maintenance. 
 
 
 What you'll do: 
Implementing driver software for robotics peripherals and sensors 
Bringing-up and testing of prototype computer hardware 
Working with mechanical and electrical engineers to define requirements for new products 
Crafting reproducible software build systems 
Crafting and implementing networking protocols 
Measuring and improving system performance 
Creating hardware diagnostic, testing, and simulation tools 
Providing operational support for production deployments 
Reviewing and improving product security 
Writing embedded microcontroller program code and build systems 
Creating web service software 
 Required Qualifications: 
Prior engineering experience from the industry, along with academic pursuits & studies in the areas of: Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics. 
Familiarity with algorithms, data structures, storage systems, cloud infrastructure, front-end frameworks, and other technical tools. 
Proficiency & interest in any of Java, C++, Rust, Go, Linux, etc. 
A desire to work on software and applications that have real-world impact. 
Broad interest in a variety of computer technology topics. 
Excellent algorithmic problem solving abilities. 
Interest in creating reliable, secure, and testable systems software. 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data. 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Seattle, WA Software Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
