
 
 
 
 Sr. Business Planner - Edu - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Business Planner - Edu Microsoft 7,125 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,125 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Microsoft Cloud is at the center of company’s cloud strategy with exponential growth in revenue and consumption. If you have passion around business model innovation, cloud technologies and digital transformation, come join our team! 
 The Business Planning and Commercial Licensing team owns business model and monetization strategies for Microsoft’s entire Commercial portfolio, including Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Defender, Microsoft Power Platform, Windows, as well as Microsoft data and artificial intelligence (AI) services. We are looking for a strategic thinker and problem solver who is passionate about the education technology space to help formulate end-to-end business model strategies for the education market. This role will look across our product portfolio to recommend monetization, packaging and offer strategies that create compelling scenarios for this audience. In this role, you’ll work closely with key partners including engineering, finance, product marketing, and business development to ensure that we’re creating shareholder value.
 Responsibilities 
Driving monetization strategy across our EDU offerings
 Implementing and optimizing competitive business models and pricing
 Creating promotional offers to create sales opportunities and facilitate competitive wins
 Developing market and customer insights to formulate business model recommendations
 Leading cross-functional teams including engineering, product marketing, operations, and finance
 Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree required, MBA or equivalent experience preferred.
 A minimum of five years in product management, finance and/or consulting.
 Excellent communication and leadership skills to drive projects and build executive buy-in and support.
 Strong analytical skills and business acumen to drive data and customer driven decisions.
 Passion for cloud computing, technology, and generating positive customer impact.
 Ability to influence and drive results in a complex technical and business environment.
 Ability to embrace and live theMicrosoft culture, withunwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
 Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sr. Business Controller jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Sr. Business Controller salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,125 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
