
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist, Artificial Intelligence Research - Morristown, NJ 07960 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist, Artificial Intelligence Research Kroll 60 reviews Morristown, NJ 07960 Kroll 60 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. In a world of disruption and increasingly complex business challenges, our professionals bring truth into focus with the Kroll Lens. Our sharp analytical skills, paired with the latest technology, allow us to give our clients clarity—not just answers—in all areas of business.
 We embrace diverse backgrounds and global perspectives, and we cultivate diversity by respecting, including, and valuing one another. As part of  One team, One Kroll , you’ll contribute to a supportive and collaborative work environment that empowers you to excel. 
 Kroll is building an artificial intelligence and machine learning group, and we’re looking for you to join our portfolio of AI projects. You will be critical in achieving our vision and strategy for solving complex business problems with cutting-edge solutions driven by the latest advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Some of our current projects focus on NLP and machine learning for cyber security and due diligence, quantitative analysis and we are actively scaling up across multiple other lines of business. 
 At Kroll, your work will help deliver clarity to our clients’ most complex governance, risk, and transparency challenges. Apply now to join  One team, One Kroll. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES : 
 Research, explore, implement, and evaluate new machine learning models 
 Implement and compare existing cutting-edge research works to solve business problems 
 Test the model performance with business use cases 
 Build prototype models 
 Publish research papers 
 Produce open-source software and packages 
 Present AI solutions to the business sponsors 
 
 REQUIREMENTS : 
 PhD degree in machine learning or related field or PhD Student 
 Research experience 
 Python experience is preferred 
 Technical and business communication in English 
 Team and technical leadership 
 
 In order to be considered for a position, you must formally apply via careers.kroll.com. 
 Kroll is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants regardless of gender, gender identity, race, religion, color, nationality, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, age or disability. Kroll 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Morristown, NJ Jobs at Kroll in Morristown, NJ Senior Data Scientist salaries in Morristown, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kroll Kroll 60 reviews Kroll is the world’s premier provider of services and digital products related to governance, risk and transparency. We work with clients... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
