
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Brooklyn, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist Accutar Biotechnology Brooklyn, NY A Research Scientist position is available immediately at Accutar Biotech. 
 
 Location: Brooklyn, NY 
 
 Accutar Biotech, an innovative artificial intelligence (AI) drug discovery start-up company, is seeking a highly diligent, energetic, and self-motivated research scientist with a proven track record of accomplishment in the field of cell biology or a related field to join our exciting oncology drug discovery effort. The candidate is expected to independently conceive and execute experimental strategies to lead and support multiple projects and to interrogate cancer biology to understand the mechanisms of action for novel drugs and targets. The successful candidate needs to demonstrate the ability to troubleshoot various cell-based assays and to establish mammalian cell-line models using genetic approaches. The candidate should have extensive laboratory research experience and a desire to continue in a laboratory-focused role. Strong communication and teamwork skills are essential as the candidate is expected to operate in a fast-pace multidisciplinary environment, interacting with diverse groups of experts within and outside of his or her scientific discipline. The position offers a unique opportunity for a talented scientist to develop his or her career and involves a broad scope of drug discovery. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 This position will be hired based on level of experience. 
 
 A Doctorate degree with a minimum of 2 years of postdoctoral research experience in cancer biology, cell biology, or a related field   Ability to adapt to a “start-up mentality” and a collaborative and proactive attitude   Demonstrated record of scientific achievement (i.e. a strong publication and/or patent record) and proficiency in mammalian cell cultures and standard biochemical, cellular, and molecular techniques   Previous experience in in drug discovery and cancer biology research is preferred but not required   Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
 
 Accutar Biotech offers competitive compensation in the industry, a friendly and rewarding working and training environment, and realistic growth potential. 
 
 To apply for this position, please send your CV to biocareer@accutarbio.com. Accutar Biotechnology 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Brooklyn, NY Jobs at Accutar Biotechnology in Brooklyn, NY Research Scientist salaries in Brooklyn, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accutar Biotechnology Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
