
 
 
 
 Sr. Documentation Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Documentation Specialist NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Remote NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies. Coupled with a refined focus on strategic partnerships, we are successfully bridging the gap between commercial best practices and mission-critical government processes. Core competencies include: 
Artificial intelligence 
Agile digital transformation 
Advanced analytics 
Hyperconverged infrastructure solutions 
Cyber security and information assurance 
Error rate testing 
Fraud, waste and abuse 
Engineering and logistics 
NCI has been designated a 2018 Military Friendly Employer by MilitaryFriendly.com 
Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, NCI has approximately 2,000 employees operating at more than 100 locations worldwide. 
Responsibilities:
 
NCI : As a Sr. Documentation Specialist, you will lead a team of documentation/ scheduling specialists, ensuring that all scheduling of appeals hearings are timely and closely coordinated with the government Hearing Officers and that review of documentation is accurate, timely and meets required contract criteria. In addition, an important part of this lead role, will be performing quality control of the appeals documentation submitted and reviewed by the documentation/scheduling specialists to ensure contract deliverables are accurate and complete.  In assuming this position, you will be a critical contributor to meeting NCI's mission: To deliver innovative, cost-effective solutions and services that enable our customers to rapidly adapt to dynamic environments. 
HIGHLIGHTS OF RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Lead a team of documentation/scheduling specialists that review appeals requests and associated documentation 
Perform QC on work products of the documentation/scheduling specialists. 
Monitor timeliness and quality of contract deliverables that are produced by the documentation/scheduling specialist team/ 
Qualifications:
 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Bachelor's or equivilent experience in addition to required years. 
4-9 years experience 
PREFERRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
Medicare policy experience 
Experience with Health care records 
Government contracting, especially experience working with CMS
 Supervision or management experience 
Bilingual (Spanish) - Fluency in speaking, reading and understanding the Spanish language. 
Physical Requirements: 
Sitting for long periods 
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is aVEVRAA Federal Contractor. NCI Information Systems Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Document Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Remote Senior Document Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
