
 
 
 
 ENGINEER - Crane, IN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ENGINEER US Naval Sea Systems Command Crane, IN Remote Job details Salary $92,143 - $166,502 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 You will serve as a ENGINEER in the SPECTRUM WARFARE SYSTEMS DEPARTMENT, ELECTROMAGNETIC WARFARE/SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY DIVISION of NAVAL SURFACE WARFARE CENTER. 
 
This position is part of the Warfare Centers Personnel Demonstration Project. The ND-5 pay band encompasses positions equivalent to GS-14 and GS-15. 
 Responsibilities 
 You will serve as a senior team member and advisor in the area of Deep Machine Learning and Big Data Analysis, providing in-depth technical support to the Electromagnetic Warfare and Science and Technology Division. 
 You will provide technical expertise for the application of real-time learning algorithms and predictive models to counter modern and more agile radars, communications, jamming, and EP techniques. 
 You will represent the organization on the strategy for implementing machine learning algorithms to deployed electronic warfare systems including how they will be specified, contracted for, tested, supported, improved, and more. 
 You will provide technical advice to top level Navy management and technical personnel, other agencies, and private organizations. 
 You will make presentations and write technical reports and papers in area of expertise. 
 Travel Required 
 50% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 None
 Job family (Series) 
 0801 General Engineering
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Must be a US Citizen. 
 Must be determined suitable for federal employment. 
 Must participate in the direct deposit pay program. 
 New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov 
 Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326. 
 Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service. 
 You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal. 
 This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA). You must be certified as a Career Field ENGINEERING Level III. Certification is required within 24 months of appointment. 
 Successful completion of a pre-employment drug test (including marijuana) is required. A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if you fail to report to the drug test appointment or fail the test. You will be subject to random testing. 
 This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time. 
 Qualifications 
 In addition to the Basic Requirements for this position, your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the next lower pay band  ND-04  (GS-12/13 equivalency) in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector  as a professional engineer analyzing and assessing electromagnetic warfare systems to develop research studies for the advancement of deep machine learning and artificial intelligence integration. 
 
 
Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website: 
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=List-by-Occupational-Series AND https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf 
 
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.
 Education 
 Applicants must meet the following basic education requirements of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Manual: 
 
Successful completion of a professional engineering degree. To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree (or higher) in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET); or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics. Such education must demonstrate the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work of the position. 
 
OR 
 
Current registration as an Engineer Intern (EI), Engineer in Training (EIT), or licensure as a Professional Engineer (PE) by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico. Absent other means of qualifying under this standard, those applicants who achieved such registration by means other than written test (e.g., State grandfather or eminence provisions) are eligible only for positions that are within or closely related to the specialty field of their registration For more information about EI and EIT registration requirements, please visit the National Society of Professional Engineers website at: http://www.nspe.org 
 
OR 
 
Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico The FE examination is not administered by the U. S. Office of Personnel Management. For more information, please visit: http://www.nspe.org/Licensure/HowtoGetLicensed/index.html. 
 
OR 
 
Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A (above). The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A (above) 
 
OR 
 
Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e.g., engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least one year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. Ordinarily, there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.g., in interdisciplinary positions. 
 Additional information 
 This position is covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program. 
 
Additional vacancies may be filled by this announcement. 
 
A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments. 
 
If you are unable to apply online and request information about the Alternate Application process, please contact the Department of Navy's Employment Information Center. 
 
Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf 
 
 ICTAP Applicants:  To be considered well-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a rating in the highly qualified category (score 85) or higher. ICTAP candidates must provide copies of all of the following documentation at the time of application: 1) agency notice; 2) most recent performance appraisal; and 3) most recent SF-50 or notification of personnel action that includes position, grade level, and duty location. Applicants who do not provide this documentation will not receive consideration as an ICTAP candidate. For more information about ICTAP eligibility please review the following link: https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/unique-hiring-paths/federal-employees/ictap/ 
 
Military Spouse Preference applicants will receive priority consideration at the Full Performance Level (FPL) and if determined to be Best Qualified at the FPL, and selected, must be placed at the FPL. A BQ military spouse possesses knowledge, skills, abilities, and competencies comparable to others who meet the competitive referral criteria for the specific position. 
 
This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 When the application process is complete, we will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this announcement. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume and responses to the Occupational Questionnaire, along with your supporting documentation to determine your ability to demonstrate the following competencies: 
 DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT ENGINEERING 
DEVELOPING OTHERS 
ELECTRONICS ENGINEERING 
INFLUENCING/NEGOTIATING 
RESEARCH 
 
You should list any relevant performance appraisals and incentive awards in your resume as that information may be taken into consideration during the selection process. If selected, you may be required to provide supporting documentation. 
 
If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities or you may be found ineligible/not qualified. 
 
Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment. 
 
All eligibility, qualifications, and time-in-grade requirements must be met by the closing date of this announcement. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Top Secret
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 You are required to provide documentation that supports the eligibility and qualification claims made in your resume and assessment questionnaire . You must submit the applicable documents listed here and those listed with the eligibilities you select in the announcement questionnaire with your application package. Applicants who do not provide supporting documentation that fully support their claims will not be referred to the hiring manager. Cover letter is optional. 
 
 A complete resume is required.  Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume. 
 
 Are you applying for a promotion?  If you are a current employee applying for a higher grade than the grade that you currently hold you must provide an SF-50 that shows that you have held the next lower grade for at least one year. Some SF-50s effective within the last 52 weeks will not demonstrate you have held the next lower grade for at least one year (e.g. General Adjustment SF-50 from this year). In many cases, we need to see two (2) SF-50s to determine eligibility for promotion. If you are a DoD employee, you can obtain a copy of your SF- 50(s) from MyBiz. 
 
 Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials?  Check the  Conditions of Employment  section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.
 
 
 Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Is there a basic education requirement for this position?  Check the  Education  section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified. 
 
 Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference  or  claiming sole survivorship preference?  You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor 
 
 Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference? 
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference. 
 
You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf. 
 
 Are you an active duty service member?  Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.). 
 
Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 Internal to an agency
 Current federal employees of this agency.
 Land & base management
 Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
 Military spouses
 Veterans
 Special authorities
 Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
 Clarification from the agency 
 Current permanent employees of Naval Warfare Center CRANE (00164), DoD Military Spouse Preference (MSP) eligibles, and VEOA eligible, current or former time-limited employees that occupied a position located at a Defense Industrial Base Facility (DIBF) or Major Range and Test Facilities Base (MRTFB) usajobs.gov Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Crane, IN Engineer salaries in Crane, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Naval Sea Systems Command Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
