
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate Professor Position in Governance of Autonomous Systems & Artificial Intelligence - Syracuse, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate Professor Position in Governance of Autonomous Systems & Artificial Intelligence Syracuse University 546 reviews Syracuse, NY Syracuse University 546 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job #   075488 
 
 Job Title   Assistant/Associate Professor Position in Governance of Autonomous Systems & Artificial Intelligence 
 
 Location   Syracuse, New York 
 
 Pay Range   Commensurate w/ Experience 
 
 FLSA Status   Exempt 
 
 Hours 
 determined by department/chair 
 
 Job Type   Full-time 
 
 Rank   Assistant 
 
 Campus   Syracuse, NY 
 
 Unionized Position Code   Not Applicable 
 
 Job Description 
 The Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University, seeks to hire a social scientist with expertise in regulatory policy design, regulatory policy processes, and/or risk regulation as related to emerging technologies. We are specifically interested in candidates with demonstrated research interests in regulation and/or risk governance relating to the use and societal impacts of autonomous systems, such as driverless vehicles and unmanned aerial vehicles, artificial intelligence (AI), and autonomous decision making. Research interests could include, among others: governance of the development and use of autonomous systems/AI, analysis of societal risks posed by public and private applications of autonomous systems/AI, design and analysis of regulatory policies for managing risks associated with applications of autonomous systems/AI, design and evaluation of performance standards by which autonomous systems/AI are regulated, and regulation of human control over autonomous systems/AI. 
The position is at the rank of assistant or associate professor and will be in the Department of Public Administration and International Affairs, situated within the Maxwell School. The Maxwell School is ranked #1 in the nation for graduate education in public affairs, according to the 2021 edition of U.S. News & World Report’s Best Graduate Schools, and home to the social science disciplines at Syracuse University. 
 
 Qualifications 
 It is expected that candidates for this position will have doctoral training in public policy, public administration, political science, economics, sociology, and related interdisciplinary programs. We seek candidates whose research, teaching, service, or lived experiences have prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion in our work with students, colleagues, and wider communities. 
 
 Job Specific Qualifications 
 
 Responsibilities 
 The faculty member hired into this position will be affiliated with the Autonomous Systems Policy Institute (ASPI), which is housed in the Maxwell School and centers on interdisciplinary scholarship and teaching related to the design, policy, and social implications of autonomous systems. Faculty will also have the opportunity to affiliate with other interdisciplinary research institutes and centers within the Maxwell School and across Syracuse University. This position will be part of an ambitious Invest Syracuse Cluster Hire Initiative in the area of Artificial Intelligence and Autonomous Systems, providing exciting opportunities for collaboration in teaching and research in an organized cluster that spans multiple departments in the Maxwell School, the College of Law, the College of Engineering and Computer Science, and the School of Information Studies. 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 
 Tools/Equipment 
 
 Application Instructions 
 In addition to completing an online application, please attach a curriculum vitae and cover letter. 
Applications will be reviewed as they arrive with full consideration given to those received by Jan 31, 2021. However, the department will continue to consider applications until this position is filled. 
 
 About Syracuse University 
 Syracuse University is a private, international research university with distinctive academics, diversely unique offerings and an undeniable spirit. Located in the geographic heart of New York State, with a global footprint, and nearly 150 years of history, Syracuse University offers a quintessential college experience. 
 
The scope of Syracuse University is a testament to its strengths: a pioneering history dating back to 1870; a choice of more than 200 majors and 100 minors offered through 13 schools and colleges; nearly 15,000 undergraduates and 5,000 graduate students; more than a quarter of a million alumni in 160 countries; and a student population from all 50 U.S. states and 123 countries. For more information, please visit www.syracuse.edu. 
 
 About the Syracuse area 
 Syracuse is a medium-sized city situated in the geographic center of New York State approximately 250 miles northwest of New York City. The metro-area population totals approximately 500,000. The area offers a low cost of living and provides many social, cultural, and recreational options, including parks, museums, festivals, professional regional theater, and premier shopping venues. Syracuse and Central New York present a wide range of seasonal recreation and attractions ranging from water skiing and snow skiing, hiking in the Adirondacks, touring the historic sites, visiting wineries along the Finger Lakes, and biking on trails along the Erie Canal. 
 
 EEOC 
 Syracuse University is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution. The University prohibits discrimination and harassment based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, ethnicity, marital status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law to the extent prohibited by law. This nondiscrimination policy covers admissions, employment, and access to and treatment in University programs, services, and activities. 
 
 Commitment to Supporting and Hiring Veterans 
 Syracuse University has a long history of engaging veterans and the military-connected community through its educational programs, community outreach, and employment programs. After World War II, Syracuse University welcomed more than 10,000 returning veterans to our campus, and those veterans literally transformed Syracuse University into the national research institution it is today. The University’s contemporary commitment to veterans builds on this historical legacy, and extends to both class-leading initiatives focused on making an SU degree accessible and affordable to the post-9/11 generation of veterans, and also programs designed to position Syracuse University as the employer of choice for military veterans, members of the Guard and Reserve, and military family members. 
 
 Commitment to a Diverse and Inclusive Campus Community 
 Syracuse University maintains an inclusive learning environment in which students, faculty, administrators, staff, curriculum, social activities, governance, and all other aspects of campus life reflect a diverse, multi-cultural, and international worldview. The University community recognizes and values the many similarities and differences among individuals and groups. At Syracuse, we are committed to preparing students to understand, live among, appreciate, and work in an inherently diverse country and world made up of people with different ethnic and racial backgrounds, military backgrounds, religious beliefs, socio-economic status, cultural traditions, abilities, sexual orientations and gender identities. To do so, we commit ourselves to promoting a community that celebrates and models the principles of diversity and inclusivity. 
 
 Quick Link   https://www.sujobopps.com/postings/85522 
 
 Job Posting Date   12/15/2020 
 
 Application Deadline 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Priority Consideration   01/31/2021 
 
 Job Category   Faculty 
 
 Message to Applicants Syracuse University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Syracuse, NY Jobs at Syracuse University in Syracuse, NY Associate Professor salaries in Syracuse, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Syracuse University Syracuse University 546 reviews Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university located in Syracuse, New York. The ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
