
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Los Angeles, CA 90045 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist RWS 38 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90045 RWS 38 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About RWS: 
 RWS Holdings plc is the world’s leading provider of technology-enabled language, content management and intellectual property services. We help our customers to connect with and bring new ideas to people globally by communicating business critical content at scale and enabling the protection and realization of their innovations. 
 Our vision is to help organizations interact effectively with people anywhere in the world by solving their language, content and market access challenges through our collective global intelligence, deep expertise and smart technology. 
 Customers include 90 of the globe’s top 100 brands, the top 10 pharmaceutical companies and 18 of the top 20 patent filers worldwide. Our client base spans Europe, Asia Pacific, and North and South America across the technology, pharmaceutical, medical, legal, chemical, automotive, government and telecommunications sectors, which we serve from offices across five continents. 
 Founded in 1958, RWS is headquartered in the UK and publicly listed on AIM, the London Stock Exchange regulated market (RWS.L). 
 For further information, please visit: www.rws.com 
 What is this role? 
 The role will entail working alongside a friendly team of experienced researchers to develop Machine Translation and Artificial Intelligence products and services. We have our own mature state-of-the-art R&D environment and are looking for able researchers to extend it. 
 Basic Qualifications:
 PhD or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, statistics, machine learning, mathematics, or in another highly quantitative field
 Depth and breadth in state-of-the-art approaches in Machine Translation and Natural Language Processing
 2+ years of relevant academic research or industry experience
 Scientific mindset and the ability to invent
 Excellent creative problem solving skills
 Ability to design and develop system prototypes in simulation
 Superior communication and data presentation skills
 Effective working in a team environment 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Superior communication and data presentation skills
 Demonstrated ability to lead research projects and identify fruitful research directions
 Demonstrated ability to work on cross-functional teams
 Experience with applying scientific principles 
 
Benefits: 
 Amazing benefits. (Seriously!) 
 Infinite training, professional development and personal growth opportunities. 
 The rare opportunity to impact how organizations communicate  globally . There’s a reason we work with 90 of the top 100 brands. 
 Smart, engaged co-workers, a culture of diversity, innovation and opportunity. 
 Great work life balance! 
 
Life at RWS -  We work hard together to deliver for our customers; our expertise, professionalism and determination to never let others down drives us to be passionate and serious about what we do, deliver customer value, yet always adding a human touch. 
 As a company focused on connecting people through language, diversity and inclusion are fundamental to our company culture.  RWS is an Equal Opportunities Employer  and we are committed in ensuring that all employees work in an environment free from all forms of harassment and discrimination and one that actively promotes teamwork, diversity and trust. All employees have a right to be treated with respect and dignity. RWS operate in a manner for the inclusion of all - any form of discrimination is expressly prohibited. Employees are selected and promoted on merit alone and no other factors whether race, gender, age, religion, marital status, gender identity or disability are taken into consideration. 
 We are proud to work in a company where all can succeed and grow their career and while RWS operates in accordance with all local employment laws, if local law enables any form of discrimination this is against RWS company policy and we will adhere to the highest standard. 
 RWS is an Affirmative Action Employer.  Qualified applicants will be evaluated for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran, and disability status. For more information about EEO/AAP legislation please visit: https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf 
 To all recruitment agencies:   RWS Group PLC does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward any unsolicited resumes to any RWS employees. Any unsolicited resume received will be treated as the property of RWS and Terms & Conditions associated with the use of such resume will be considered null and void. 
 Category
 Research/Software Development
 Job Type
 Full-time RWS 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at RWS in Los Angeles, CA Research Scientist salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RWS 38 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
