
 
 
 
 Chief Architect for Professional Services Industry - Digital Transformation - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Architect for Professional Services Industry - Digital Transformation Microsoft 7,125 reviews New York, NY Microsoft 7,125 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
 
Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and support offerings. To this end, Microsoft invests in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully realize their business outcomes.
 
 
Azure is the most comprehensive, innovative and flexible cloud platform today and Microsoft is hiring professionals that will drive customer cloud adoption within the most important companies in the market. 
 
We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. 
 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture 
 
Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us 
 
We are looking for a highly motivated and passionate senior Solution Architect to drive high priority customer initiatives on the Microsoft Azure Platform in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field in Enterprise accounts segment of our business. This is a customer facing role, owning overall technical relationship and architectural strategy between our Professional Services customer and Microsoft. 
 
You will own technical customer engagements including architectural design, specific implementation projects to drive the customer’s digital transformation. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer-facing roles and success leading deep technical architecture with senior customer executives, Enterprise Architects, IT Management and Developers to drive transformative solutions to productions. 
Responsibilities 
Requirements: 
Summary: 
You will demonstrate deep expertise in the Audit and Assurance industry and Microsoft’s capability in all solution areas to help the customer drive their digital transformation. You may have a track record in our customers' industries and may have performed in positions such as CIO, CTO, CDO. The broad scope of responsibility of this role requires a solid understanding of both business and technology strategy, change management, and a principled approach to broad digital transformation challenges and opportunities. You may also share a common set of characteristics, such as strong leadership and people skills, and bring the experience that drive innovation and customer value. 
Exhibit Audit Industry CTO Principals: 
Strong executive presence, presentation, and communication skills (Required) 
Play a leadership role to share knowledge, review architecture, and evaluate the delivery IP with a holistic view of Microsoft technology. (Required) 
Familiarity with the entire MS technical solution stack (Azure, Modern Work, Biz Apps) - Technically depth in Azure = 200-300 level (Required) 
Understand the cloud best practice patterns (Required) and Microsoft's Cloud Adoption Framework and Well Architected Framework principles (Preferred) 
Interpret requirements, business outcomes and map to technical architecture (Required) 
Familiar with the professional services industry, the audit and assurance business and interpret the Customer’s Audit CIO strategy (Preferred) 
Knowledge of Customer’s general Azure implementation, deployment & globalization plans and cyber and security requirements (General Principal) 
Articulate Microsoft's future roadmaps and incorporate into future A&A solution plans with a focus on observability, resiliency, and high availability (Required) 
Understand the life cycle of application development (DevOps), especially Agile development (Required) 
Work with MS account teams to map technology initiatives to account plans (Required) 
Identify and coordinate design sessions and skilling/training plans to accelerate execution of PoCs and MVPs 
Coordinate with MS product team specialists and executives as needed to accelerate adoption and remove blockers(Required) 
Coordinate with Customer’s portfolio leaders, CTOs and technical and development teams to provide guidance and best practices (Required) 
Qualifications 
Certifications Required: 
Azure Certifications (Depth 200-300) 
Data Certifications (Depth 200-300) 
Dynamics 365 Fundamentals Certification 
Microsoft 365 Certified Fundamentals Certification 
Education: 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineer or related field preferred 
Certification in one or more of the following technologies preferred: Cloud, mobile, Database, Big Data, BI, Data Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence 
Experience 
Firsthand experience working in/with the Professional Services Audit and Assurance industry 
Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as Amazon, VMware, Google, IBM, Oracle desired 
Prior solution delivery experience in Analytic and AI specialized solution providers 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Digital Transformation Consultant jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Microsoft in New York, NY Digital Transformation Consultant salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,125 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
