
 
 
 
 Business Development Manager - Space Launch and Infrastructure - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Manager - Space Launch and Infrastructure Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,428 reviews California Remote Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,428 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 7 + years of experience in one of the following areas: space launch, launch vehicle development, launch services or operations, human spaceflight, mission control center operations or space launch systems. 
 3 + years' experience in a business development, sales or product development role. 
 2 or more years' experience with technical or software products, systems or solutions. 
 
This position can sit either remotely or at an Amazon office within the contiguous United States. Preferred locations: California, Washington, Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, Florida, Texas, Alabama, Mississippi, Massachusetts, Ohio
 
Do you get excited by aerospace, space exploration, and satellites? If so, then we would love to talk!
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is looking for an experienced and self-starter Business Development Manager to drive adoption of AWS services for the aerospace and satellite solutions market segment globally. Customer segments include launch services, commercial launch ports, human spaceflight, robotic/autonomous systems, mission control center operations, ground segment (ground stations, earth stations, teleports), IoT solutions, and various government capabilities. This is an exciting opportunity to join a new and growing team and help define and execute the worldwide business development and partner strategy.
 
AWS is one of Amazon’s fastest growing businesses, servicing millions of customers in more than 190 countries, reshaping the way global enterprises consume information technology and powering the developers who are building the next generation of global industry leaders. AWS customers include some of the most innovative startups like Netflix, Pinterest, Airbnb, and Instagram as well as some of the largest global enterprises like Shell International, Unilever, Hitachi, Sharp, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Samsung.
 
The ideal candidate will have international market and US-based business development experience building business that enable organizations to build scalable and secure applications in the AWS cloud, be a self-starter, and be willing to operate both tactically and strategically. As a key team member in this fast growing, exciting market you will have the opportunity to help lead the early market development efforts for AWS in the aerospace and satellite market and work with a variety of companies in both public sector and commercial applications. You will drive wins with lighthouse customers/partners, develop unique strategies to influence market development (e.g., economic development), create new ecosystem relationships, respond to RFPs, refine enablement and sales tools, document repeatable sales plays, and shape the future of AWS in space.
 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 
 
 Help lead the business development and sales efforts for space launch manufacturing and operations solutions built on AWS while working with a variety of companies (i.e., startups, ISVs, large global system integrators) in both public sector and commercial applications 
 Drive wins with “lighthouse” customers, create new ecosystem partnerships, respond to RFPs, refine enablement and sales tools, document repeatable sales plays, and shape the future of AWS solutions supporting/enabling space missions and objectives 
 Create a comprehensive space launch go-to-market strategy to expand existing and develop new partnerships and customers providing and/or integrating capabilities built on AWS 
 Identify early adopters (as partners) to work with who can help influence the modernization of existing and the development of new or existing space launch solutions - provide customer feedback loop for advancing AWS services for human space missions and objectives 
 As the business matures, you will lead efforts to enable sales in getting field ready for selling. This will involve creating a strong partnership with sales in driving a global sales pipeline focused on accelerating revenue, adoption, and market penetration 
 Partner with AWS Service Product Managers, Solutions Architects, Training, Sales, Partners and engagements at the CxO level within the largest/strategic AWS customer and partner accounts 
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 MBA desired; or equivalent background 
 Fundamental understanding of Enterprise systems, high scale data movement, storage and analytics techniques, digital customer experiences. 
 Strong understanding of analytic techniques such as machine learning models, deep learning, artificial intelligence, computer vision and the application of these analytic approaches to Aerospace and Satellite workloads. 
 Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $110,900.00. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site. Amazon.com 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in California Jobs at Amazon Web Services in California Business Development Manager salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,428 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
