
 
 
 
 Remote Sensing and Imagery Scientist - Dallas, TX 75240 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Remote Sensing and Imagery Scientist Tasacom Technologies Dallas, TX 75240 Tasacom Technologies, Inc. in Dallas, TX is seeking a Remote Sensing and Imagery Scientist to apply artificial intelligence, machine learning, computer vision, object detection and software development techniques to develop automated utility inspection system. This job role will be required to perform the following duties: 
 
 Build object detection models to identify each object of images using artificial intelligence, tensorflow, keras and object detection api. 
 Build image classification models to identify good, bad and emergency situations from image to inspect utility systems. 
 Analyze and Optimize model performance to highest accuracy by developing machine learning, deep learning algorithms and hyper parameter tuning. 
 Develop data pipeline to feed terabytes of image and geospatial data for prediction. 
 Develop end to end solution with software development approach to make the system ready for end users. 
 Develop Unmanned Aerial Systems data acquiring (image acquiring) rules. 
 As assigned, may perform other duties normally associated with this occupation. 
 
 NOTE: This position does not involve any project management nor does it involve any supervision of personnel. 
 
REQUIREMENTS: Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or any STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Math) field that provided the required knowledge and abilities, and one (1) year of experience in the job offered or in any related positions that provided the required skills and abilities. 
 
Must also have demonstrable knowledge, experience, and proficiency with the following tools, technologies, and procedures: 
 
 Python 
 Machine Learning 
 Deep Learning 
 Computer Vision 
 Mathematical Modeling and algorithm development 
 Tensorflow, Keras, Scikit-learn 
 Data analysis with Pandas 
 Data visualization with matplotlib 
 Numerical algorithm development with numpy. 
 Image Processing with openCV, Pillow 
 
 The term suitable, in this context, means substantial compatibility with stated academic level and job experience requirements and ability to perform job duties. 
 
Additional Information:
 Job Site:  13151 Emily Rd., Suite 201, Dallas, TX 75240 
 No travel or telecommuting. Position is project-based at various unanticipated work sites within the U.S., and relocation may be required at the end of each long-term project. 
 Mail resumes to:  ATTN: HR, Tasacom Technologies, 13151 Emily Rd., Suite 201, Dallas, TX 75240. 
 No phone calls or emails. EOE. 
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship. Tasacom Technologies 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Tasacom Technologies in Dallas, TX Scientist salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tasacom Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
