
 
 
 
 Senior Director, Strategic Planning and Assessment - University Park, PA 16802 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director, Strategic Planning and Assessment Penn State University 1,415 reviews University Park, PA 16802 Remote Penn State University 1,415 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 Reporting to the Vice President for Outreach and the Vice Provost for Online Education, the  Senior Director for Strategic Planning and Assessment  , leads efforts for Unit-level Strategic Planning, Signature Initiative Portfolio Management and Assessment, and Key Performance Metric articulation and measurement for two major University units: Outreach and Online Education (O&OE). This position demonstrates a high level of diplomacy in persuading and influencing a wide variety of stakeholders at various levels and locations to achieve a shared vision and measurable results. This position also participates in the development and monitoring of broad goals and objectives for two units with multiple functions and University-wide impact and leads the development and implementation of new business processes and complex solutions to meet these goals and objectives. This position is a member of the strategic leadership team for the O&OE units and serves on the World Campus Strategic Management Team and the Outreach Strategic Management Team. The Senior Director will also serve on the University’s Planning Advisory Committee.
 Duties Include:
 Lead the strategic planning, portfolio management, and performance measurement functions for O&OE, including planning process development, execution, and optimization.
 Create an environment for collaboration among diverse audiences and lead the coordination for Annual Planning, Scope of Work Prioritization, and Unit Engagement.
 Partner with World Campus units to facilitate the development and articulation of broad goals and objectives that have University-wide impact; develop, evaluate, enhance, and implement quality improvement practices, processes, procedures, or policies that have a strategic impact on University operations.
 Partner with Outreach units to facilitate the development and articulation of broad goals and objectives that have University-wide impact; develop, evaluate, enhance, and implement quality improvement practices, processes, procedures, or policies that have a strategic impact on University operations.
 Lead, manage, and coach assigned staff by demonstrating effective team-building and communication skills. Establish a positive, welcoming and high-performing work environment by providing direct and constructive feedback and direction to the Strategic Planning and Assessment team for the execution of the Unit’s established project portfolios and the identification and reporting of key performance indicators for objectives and tactics across Outreach and Online Education units.
 Collaborate with the Office of Planning, Assessment and Institutional Research to ensure, enhance, and report on alignment with the University Strategic Plan.
 Oversee and provide guidance on the development of processes and procedures for collecting, compiling, analyzing and presenting internal and external information and data relevant to the World Campus and Outreach strategic plans.
 Lead World Campus cross-functional work-planning and execution initiatives to identify and execute on top operational priorities and improve organizational efficiency.
 Provide strategic planning leadership to Penn State Outreach and oversee the development and execution of an ongoing performance measurement plan, including reporting.
 Collaborate with unit leaders to support the successful execution of the projects identified and prioritized.
 Required Qualifications:
 Typically requires a Master’s degree or higher, plus eight years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. E xperience working in higher education, including management experience with increasing levels of responsibility is preferred. The successful candidate must be able to operate on a strategic level and demonstrate the ability to manage multiple priorities, projects and timelines; bring diverse audiences together to meet common goals; demonstrated evidence of a strong commitment to diversity, inclusion, and belonging; have demonstrated ability to successfully organize and lead large complex projects; and demonstrate proven ability to influence and lead teams. This position requires the capacity to originate change, impact results and foster a continuous quality improvement environment, as well as the ability to effectively work with staff at all levels of the organization. The individual in this position should be self-directing and comfortable being held accountable for ensuring success of outcomes, operating in ambiguity and changing situations, and with facilitation of high-impact work teams. Effective communication skills are essential to success in this role. This position is based out of University Park, PA and offers the flexibility to work remotely either permanently or on occasion. For a remote assignment to be considered, the selected candidate must be able to demonstrate strong evidence and experience of leading and directing work teams from a remote location.
 Unit Overview:
 Penn State O&OE merges two distinct organizations within the university. Outreach advances Penn State’s 21st century land-grant mission by connecting the University’s faculty and student expertise to communities across the Commonwealth, nation, and world. This is accomplished through courses that enrich educational development and lifelong learning; workshops, conferences, and contract programs that support professional and personal growth; broadcast and multimedia programming that foster creative thinking and dialogue; and experiential learning programs that connect students with artificial intelligence industry partners and technology to address real-world problems. Online Education is responsible for all aspects of Penn State World Campus as well as development and coordination of the vision, strategies, policies, and practices for online education offered by Penn State. By providing convenient, flexible programs, ranging from online undergraduate and graduate degrees and certificates to massive open online courses, Penn State aims to help learners achieve their educational goals throughout their careers.
 The Pennsylvania State University and Outreach are committed to and accountable for advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in all its forms. We embrace individual uniqueness, foster a culture of inclusion that supports both broad and specific diversity initiatives, leverage the educational and institutional benefits of diversity, and engage all individuals to help them thrive. We value inclusion as a core strength and an essential element of our public service mission. Outreach upholds that mission through our commitment to developing an equity-minded community that fosters students’ academic, social, cultural, and personal growth.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 16 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Senior Director salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,415 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
