
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Scientist - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Scientist Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Palo Alto, CA Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Palo Alto 
 Ford Motor Company 
 GDIA 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
 
Creating the future of smart mobility requires the highly intelligent use of data, metrics and analytics. That’s where you can make an impact as part of our Global Data Insight & Analytics team. We are the trusted advisers that enable Ford to clearly see business conditions, customer needs and the competitive landscape. With our support, key decision makers can act in meaningful, positive ways. Join us and use your data expertise and analytical skills to drive evidence-based, timely decision making. 
 
Ford’s Global Data Insight and Analytics (GDI&A) organization is looking for smart, nice and curious data scientists with exceptional skills in Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Scalable Computing. No other industry has the diversity, difficulty and economic impact of quantitative-based solutions as those found in the automotive industry. And no other automotive company in the world has the size, executive support or computing infrastructure to match that provided to GDI&A by Ford. 
 
We are seeking high-potential Machine Learning and AI scientists to assist in all phases of project work, including problem identification, formulation, model development, and deployment. These scientists must have strong self-discipline, initiative and possess a passion for life-long learning to face evolving challenges in rapidly changing mobility technology. Successful candidates will be given the autonomy to conduct original research and choose appropriate methodologies to solve world-class machine learning problems. This position involves the development and deployment of AI and ML technology in areas such as autonomous vehicles, cybersecurity, customer interaction, product design, development, manufacturing, quality and marketing of connected vehicles. If hired, you will be a member of a team that applies cutting-edge AI and Machine Learning techniques to develop innovative solutions for these problems and participate in building a strategy for future contributions in these domains and more. 
 
 
What you’ll be able to do: 
Analyze source data and data flows, working with structured and unstructured data 
Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to expose and highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends 
Apply AI and Machine Learning technology to solve complex, real-world problems 
Analyze and visualize diverse sources of data, interpret results in a business context and report results clearly and concisely 
Fulfill problem formulation and ML technique consulting requests in a timely manner 
Communicate and present analytical models to business customers and executive management 
Work collaboratively with different business partners and be able to present results in a clear and concise manner 
 
 The minimum requirements we seek: 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Business or Physics 
2+ years of experience of software development with Python/Scala/R/ C++/technical languages 
1+ years working with Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning tools and techniques 
 
 Our preferred requirements:
 Masters / PHD degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics preferred 
Experience building deep learning solutions for real-world applications, such as Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, time-series analysis or anomaly detection
 2+ years of experience with Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence techniques in one or more of the following: advanced neural network architectures, regression, classification and clustering 
Demonstrated ability in the application of Machine Learning or AI in real-world settings with large scale data 
Experience with Deep Learning tools such as TensorFlow, PyTorch or other frameworks on GPUs 
Experience with Agile software development 
Experience with parallel and distributed computing is a plus 
Strong oral and written skills. 
 
 
What you’ll receive in return: 
As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
 
If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us. 
 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 
 For information on Ford's salary and benefits, please visit:  https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-3.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 46746BR 
 State 
 California
 Skill Team 
 Global Data, Insights & Analytics (GDIA)
 Sub-Component 
 GDI&A Ford Motor Company Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Palo Alto, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,375 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
