
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor- Health, Human Disease, and Diagnostics - The University of Texas at El Paso - El Paso, TX 79968 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor- Health, Human Disease, and Diagnostics - The University of Texas at El Paso University of Texas at El Paso 291 reviews El Paso, TX 79968 University of Texas at El Paso 291 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description Location:  El Paso, TX  Category:  Science  Posted On:  Fri Sep 18 2020  Job Description: 
 
 The Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry within the College of Science at The University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) is seeking applications for a tenure-track assistant professor faculty position in the area of chemistry and/or biochemistry pertaining to  Health, Human Disease, and Diagnostics.  The successful candidate will be expected to bring a new dimension to the Department while complementing its existing strengths in both the interdisciplinary and traditional domains within chemistry. Areas that will be given strong consideration include, but are not limited to, delineating the role of critical post-translational modifications within the human biome; "omics" such as metabolomics, proteomics, glycomics, and transcriptomics; the use of network and sub-network development to identify disease-drivers; and artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques towards advancing both a basic understanding of physiology and the development of therapies for pathology. Candidates advancing wearables for health monitoring and diagnostics, nanotechnology in medicine, CRISPR-CAS technology, "organs on a chip", knowledge-engineering in medicine, and biomedical science are also encouraged to apply. A successful candidate is expected to actively engage at a departmental level through curricular development activities, lead the expansion of the program through collaborations with other faculty, and attract external funding at levels needed to build and sustain his/her research program. 
 
Job Requirements: 
 
An earned doctorate in chemistry or biochemistry, with an emphasis on interdisciplinary and problem-based research as well as publications in relevant areas. Postdoctoral experience and a strong record of high-impact publications are highly preferred. Evidence of existing/prior funding will be given strong consideration. Applicants with potential to attract external funding, and the ability to teach at the undergraduate and graduate level are highly desired. 
 
Additional Information: 
 
Hiring decisions are based upon budget approval. 
 In keeping with its Access and Excellence mission, The University of Texas at El Paso is committed to an open, diverse, and inclusive learning and working environment that honors the talents, respects the differences, and nurtures the growth and development of all. 
 The University of Texas at El Paso is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. The University does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity in employment or the provision of services in accordance with state and federal law. Discrimination on the basis of sex includes an employee's or prospective employee's right to be free from sexual harassment under Title IX of the Higher Education Amendments of 1972. 
 For accommodation information for employees and applicants with disabilities, please contact UTEP's Equal Opportunity Office at eoaa@utep.edu. University of Texas at El Paso 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in El Paso, TX Assistant Professor salaries in El Paso, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Texas at El Paso University of Texas at El Paso 291 reviews The University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) is a four-year state university, and is a component institution of the University of Texas Syst... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
