
 
 
 
 Director of Operations - Los Angeles, CA 90012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Operations Korrus Los Angeles, CA 90012 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us: 
Korrus is a rapidly growing technology company focused on a new field of study, Human Light Interaction. We seek to understand human interactions with light and create technologies that enable rapid innovation, limitless variation, and future-proof adaptation. Through our patented spectral recipes, artificial intelligence and software-defined infrastructure, we develop, implement and optimize light technologies to improve the physiological, visual, and psychological well-being of humans. 
Our strategy is audacious, and our expectations are high. We are pioneering in the areas of color science, AI and machine learning and software defined light. Using the sun as inspiration, we are using our inventions to enhance the world’s understanding of light and materially transform expectations for artificial light. 
Korrus hires curious, collaborative, autonomous and smart people who also happen to be very nice. We have a passion for tackling the unknown, solving hard problems, and answering questions that haven’t been explored. 
Primary Role and Responsibility 
The Sr. Director of Operations is the strategic leader across all NPI, manufacturing engineering, estimating, procurement, supply chain, logistics, quality, and worldwide manufacturing operations. Reporting directly to the VP of Operations, the Sr. Director of Operations provides strategic and tactical direction of the operations team in line with our mission, vision, values, strategic plan, and financial objectives. 
In this role, the individual oversees and directs all operations while delivering best practices in lean manufacturing and strategic sourcing in ways that grow revenue, profitability and product quality. The Sr. Director of Operations provides guidance and leadership to improve efficiency and effectiveness of the existing production operations, and is fully responsible for its technical and commercial operations. 
 
Streamline workflow and create a team environment to increase productivity 
 Optimize of inventory networks, plant line capacity, processing planning capabilities and systems 
 Participate in strategic planning activities. 
 Identify capability and/or capacity gaps in existing staffing, equipment, and processes 
 Propose solutions to support the strategic initiatives, including timing, cost, and ROI (when applicable) 
 Collaborate to develop capital budget requirements, and manage the costs of manufacturing, including labor, equipment expenses and capital 
 Contribute to the annual budget and determines operational expenditures and then manages the budget and cost controls in overall operations 
 Ensures alignment of processes and resolves operational conflicts 
 Review and modify existing equipment and production methods to reduce costs and improve quality. 
 Develop and implement effective quality control programs to ensure that quality standards and objectives are met. 
 Direct manufacturing operations through establishment and implementation of best-practice policies and procedures 
 Take a strategic view of the organization and facilitates the creation of a company-wide culture and use methodologies to drive core/strategic processes to respond to the needs of customers with minimal waste. 
 Provide leadership/mentoring/training to all levels of the organization on the use, practice, and implementation strategy of Lean methodology and tools. 
 Drive effective on-going communications throughout the organization on the implementation of lean thinking to help drive culture change and advance lean competencies; provide clear and regular communication regarding the LPC’s goals and objectives of the lean thinking and to provide a system for measurement of results of lean activities on an ongoing basis. 
 Gathers and prioritizes projects and allocate resources according to diverse criteria such as strategic importance, cost/benefit, likelihood of success, stakeholder engagement. 
 Required Skills/Qualifications: 
 BS in engineering or science or equivalent work experience 
 Minimum 10 years’ management experience in operations and worldwide manufacturing 
 Experience managing manufacturing highly-quality products 
 Experience designing and implementing manufacturing processes 
 Experience defining operational strategy and leading implementation initiatives 
 Excellent organizational, leadership, motivational, analytical problem solving and strategic thinking skills 
 Ability to build cross-functional partnerships and engage in and lead cross-functional teams and initiatives 
 Strong change management skills and experience 
 Must have working knowledge of facilities equipment, operations and management 
 Experience with developing and monitoring production strategies and performance metrics 
 Understand budget development and monitoring with knowledge of P&L for operations 
 Strategic mindset & long-term vision capabilities 
 Capable of problem solving, decision making and failure analysis 
 A self-motivated leader & a team player. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran status. Korrus 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Director of Operations jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Korrus in Los Angeles, CA Director of Operations salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Korrus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
