
 
 
 
 Customer Success Representative - SaaS - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Success Representative - SaaS Lenovo 1,100 reviews Morrisville, NC Remote Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Position Description: 
 About Lenovo: 
Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. By designing, engineering and building the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure, we are also leading an Intelligent Transformation – to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world. Join us in defining our world of tomorrow and creating smarter technology for all!
 Who You’ll Work With: 
IDG (Intelligent Device Group) – The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 We are looking for an experienced, customer-focused individual to join the Customer Success team focused on Lenovo’s education software solutions. This is a hands-on position in a fast-paced environment. We are looking for someone who is passionate about education technology and empowering teachers to create better learning environments.
 As a Customer Success rep, you will be the trusted advisor and primary point of contact for software customers in your territory. Your job is to engage new customers, listen to their goals, and guide them through best practices for achieving those outcomes with Lenovo solutions. Your goal will be to increase customer satisfaction, loyalty, and retention through your expertise in our products and your drive to meet and exceed customer expectations.
 Collaboration is a key component as you will work closely with the sales team to grow and retain accounts as well as regularly engage technical support, product engineers, and subject matter experts to ensure the voice of the customer is front and center throughout the organization.
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Own all aspects of customer onboarding and adoption by building relationships with key decision makers, identifying their needs and desired outcomes Collaborate with customers, sales, technical support, and product development teams to ensure our solutions can meet customer needs. Develop expertise in Lenovo software solutions to effectively demo to and train customers on features, functions, implementation, and new product releases. Leverage data analytics and metrics to assess customer health and engage proactively Maintain effective time management skills to manage and respond to customer needs Properly document all customer details and interactions in Salesforce Take ownership of customer issues and follow problems through to resolution Gather feedback from customers on current products and relay that to appropriate product teams Prioritize workload to meet all KPI’s, goals, and objectives 
 Position Requirements: 
 Basic Requirements: 
 3-5+ years of proven, customer-facing experience in sales, support, or customer success Experience presenting and demonstrating software solutions to teachers, IT staff, and senior management. Experience with establishing strategic goals and measuring outcomes Ability to use and interpret data analytics and spreadsheets
 Preferred Requirements: 
 Excellent professional verbal and written communication skills (English) Self-directed with enthusiasm for problem solving and a sense of urgency A passion for helping teachers use technology to create better learning environments This position is remote, but may require up to 10% travel 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Success Manager jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Customer Success Manager salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
