
 
 
 
 School Director and University School Professor - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search School Director and University School Professor University of Florida 1,140 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 University of Florida 1,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. JOB DESCRIPTION 
The College of Education at the University of Florida invites applications for the position of School Director and University School Professor at the PK Yonge Developmental Research School. PK Yonge, a unit in the College of Education of the University of Florida, is a center of innovative educational practice for students, K-12, and serves approximately 1100 students each year, with approximately 120 faculty and staff. PK Yonge, consistently ranked highly in the region and state, and has a rich history of innovation related to teacher professional learning and student success in academics and the performing arts. Ideal candidates for this 12-month, administrative position will be expected to lead a dynamic community of K-12 learners and educators. We especially seek candidates who demonstrate a commitment to innovation, equity, and diversity in school leadership, partnership, and research. 
Responsibilities 
The Director serves as the administrative head of PK Yonge Developmental Research School and is expected to exhibit a vision that results in managing and leading a transformational educational system that serves as a model for equity as it relates to mastery, inclusivity, and agency. The Director engages in strategic planning and provides leadership for PK Yonge’s K-12 academic programs, research initiatives, and service activities. PK Yonge’s professional learning activities serve hundreds of educators each year, from school districts around the state and the nation. Workshops and activities focus on innovative structures for professional learning, literacy, project-based learning, technology integration, student-centered instruction, active learning, student collaboration, personalized learning, Universal Design for Learning, Multi-Tiered System of Supports, inquiry-based science, and student discourse and engagement. The Director is charged with advancing PK Yonge’s innovations in teaching, pedagogy, curriculum, and architecture that are rooted in the school’s mission “to design, test, and disseminate best practices in K-12 education.” 
The successful candidate will be expected to contribute to and/or lead a myriad of functions, including but not limiting to the following: 
administer and manage a variety of financial components, including the operating budget, annual instructional purchases, faculty salaries, and promotion salary increases, all (public and private) fund-raising activities, and state and/or federal grants and compliance, 
represent the PK Yonge teaching, research, and service efforts within the College of Education, University of Florida, state, and nation, 
participate in faculty contract bargaining, 
serve as the primary liaison with campus and external funding agencies to ensure that programs remain well-supported and relevant to the changing educational environment, 
establish strategic partnerships to pursue new opportunities, and 
engage in advocacy on behalf of PK Yonge and its relationship with various entities (e.g., Northeast Florida Education Consortium, PK Yonge School Advisory Council, Florida Department of Education, Florida legislative body) and core offices of the University (e.g., General Counsel, Faculty Union). 
The Director will develop and maintain effective collaborative relationships with all relevant faculties and groups within the University and community. In doing so, the Director is expected to lead research productivity and partnerships engaging College leadership and researchers and other research partners and initiatives across UF colleges and departments, specifically as these engagements support research grant and private gift proposals. On a day to day basis, the Director has the responsibility of several major functions, including but not limited to the following: overseeing facility maintenance and repairs, leading the completion of campus revitalization, leading communications and networking as related to crisis/emergency events, promotion materials, social media, and other dissemination efforts, and leading and supporting all K-12 faculty and staff, inclusive of the school leadership team, IT staff, security staff, athletic coaches, and office staff. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Required Qualifications 
An earned doctorate in education or related field; 
administrative experience applicable to K-12 school systems 
Strong evidence of visionary leadership in educational organizations 
a track-record of sustained success in fund-raising and in securing and managing external grants and contracts; 
evidence of a commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion; 
Preferred Qualifications 
In addition to the minimum requirements, the PK Yonge and University of Florida team would like for candidates to demonstrate the following: 
school-level administrative experience 
K-12 classroom experience 
proven track record in scholarship as reflected by publications, conference presentations, and/or service to the educational research community; 
demonstrated success in advancing equity and access for a diverse group of learners, their families, and educators; 
evidence of a commitment to diversifying the education teaching force through innovative and equitable hiring practices. 
knowledge of best practices for various teaching/learning modalities (e.g., face-to-face, remote, virtual, hybrid, hyflex, synchronous, asynchronous). 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Applicants for the School Director position should send curriculum vitae, a letter of application addressing desired and required qualifications, a leadership philosophy statement, and three letters of recommendation. Candidates should submit materials electronically at https://jobs.ufl.edu/. To ensure full consideration, all application materials should be submitted by 04/14/2021. Applications received after this date may be considered at the discretion of the search committee and hiring authority. The anticipated start date for this position is 07/01/2021. If you need technical assistance, please contact Human Resources at  352-392-2477 . Inquiries regarding the position can be directed to the search committee chair, Thomasenia Lott Adams at tla@coe.ufl.edu. 
Selected candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an educational institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES). 
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352-392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800-955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
ABOUT PK YONGE DEVELOPMENTAL RESEARCH SCHOOL:  PK Yonge, as a public school, is a center of educational innovation for students, K-12. The primary role of the school is to develop, evaluate, and disseminate exemplary programs of education. As described in the Sidney Martin Developmental Research School Act, the mission of a Developmental Research School is to serve as a vehicle for research, demonstration, and evaluation regarding teaching and learning while utilizing the resources available on a state university campus. PK Yonge promotes high quality, well-rounded educational experience for each and every student. The vision for its students is that they become creative, dedicated, and resilient learners who embrace the power of diverse ideas, talents, and cultures to improve the world. For more about PK Yonge, visit https://pkyonge.ufl.edu/about/. 
ABOUT THE COLLEGE:  The College of Education at the University of Florida, founded in 1906, has consistently been ranked No. 1 and No. 2 in the nation in Online Graduate Education for the last six years, 3rd nationally for undergraduate education and 12th nationally among public graduate colleges of education (U.S. News & World Report). Two of the College's academic programs occupy top-20 spots in the U.S. News rankings: Counselor Education (2nd) and Special Education (5th). Our Teachers, Schools & Society (TSS) program was named the  2020 Program of the Year  by the Carnegie Project on the Education Doctorate (CPED). The College has added 45 faculty in the past three years. Cutting-edge interdisciplinary research and public scholarship—often conducted in partnership with other UF colleges, school districts and communities across the state and nation—are yielding powerful learning systems and models that are helping to transform education in today’s changing world, starting with our youngest learners. The College is engaged in four of UF’s priority research areas—early childhood studies, precision learning, analysis of learning analytics, and artificial intelligence in education. The College has 108 full-time faculty members with distinguished records in teaching, research and service. Faculty researchers last year garnered more than $107 million in awards supporting studies and projects addressing education’s most critical issues. Teaching is one of several areas of study from which UF education students can choose. More than 3,000 education students are enrolled on campus and online in 29 bachelor’s and advanced degree programs and concentration areas, within nine academic specialties: K-12 Curriculum and Instruction • Counseling & Counselor Education • Early Childhood Education • Educational Leadership • Higher Education Administration • Research & Evaluation Methods • School Psychology • Special Education • Student Personnel in Higher Education. To sustain the college's innovative edge deep into the 21st century, heightened emphasis on emerging technologies, advanced graduate studies and interdisciplinary research will effectively prepare tomorrow's leaders in all education disciplines. The College's educator preparation programs have been continuously accredited by CAEP and NCATE since 1954. More than 30,000 UF “EduGator” alumni are located throughout the world. Follow us: @UF_COE (Twitter) and @UF.COE (Facebook) 
ABOUT THE UNIVERSITY:  The University of Florida, founded in 1853, is a public land-grant, sea-grant and space-grant research university and one of the most academically diverse universities in the nation. U.S. News & World Report ranks UF 6th among public universities. National rankings such as 2nd by Kiplinger and 20th in Forbes in their respective lists of “Best Values in Public Colleges” are a result of UF’s commitment to provide the highest quality education at the best value. UF is home to 16 colleges and more than 200 research, service and education centers, bureaus and institutes, and boasts more than 4,000 faculty members, 50,000 students and 415,000 living alumni. Faculty scholars last year generated more than $838 million in research awards. UF recently launched a $70 million AI partnership with NVIDIA, taking the first step toward ensuring equitable access to bringing AI to students and faculty from across campus and the state. The Florida Legislature designated UF as a “preeminent” state university in 2013. UF recently hired almost 500 new faculty. 
ABOUT THE AREA:  UF is situated in Gainesville in North Central Florida, a progressive college town that blends big-city cultural and athletic offerings with small-town friendliness and charm, along with excellent schools. Gainesville, located about halfway between the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico, is often recognized as one of America’s best college towns and is easily accessible to three major metropolitan areas (Jacksonville, Orlando and Tampa). The National Arbor Day Foundation has recognized Gainesville as a “Tree City USA” every year since 1982. Add the allure of Florida’s famous sunshine, tropical breezes, and abundant wilderness, springs, rivers and seashores nearby, and it is little wonder that top-caliber faculty and students find our College and University to be the perfect balance of premier academics and a fulfilling lifestyle. 
#Category=179 
 
OPEN DATE 
Mar 18, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville Florida 
UNIT 
College of Education University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,140 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
