
 
 
 
 Physiological Modeling Scientist - Senior - Fridley, MN 55432 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Physiological Modeling Scientist - Senior Medtronic 4,318 reviews Fridley, MN 55432 Medtronic 4,318 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Careers That Change Lives 
Engineers and Scientists at Medtronic create our market-leading portfolio of innovations. Medtronic’s corporate research group within the Corporate Strategic Scientific Operations division provides scientific and technical support and consultation services across the global Medtronic Enterprise. 
 We have an exciting opportunity for a Senior Scientist who is eager to work on Physiological Modeling and other multi-disciplinary challenges where they can leverage their expertise in human physiology, clinical physiology, anatomy, biomechanics, cardiovascular and pulmonary physiology, endocrinology, and the pathophysiology of chronic diseases. The role will work under limited supervision as part of a diverse team of experts spanning a variety of scientific and engineering disciplines. 
 A Day in the Life: 
 Work collaboratively with Medtronic Business Units to solve technical problems Apply advanced technical principles, theories, and concepts and develop innovative solutions using computational models Implement principles of physiology to drive research and development Utilize physiological modeling tools to inform the design and development of new test methods, equipment, materials, and processes Use principles of physiology to assist in the design and evaluation of new and existing medical devices Perform model verification and validation assessments as appropriate Support senior technical staff within the Core Technologies group Share experience and knowledge with Medtronic Business units Provide regular status updates to internal customers and management Communicate technical assessments and analyses via written technical documents and oral presentations 
 
 Must Have: Minimum Requirements 
 Bachelors degree required 
 Minimum of 4 years of relevant experience, or advanced degree with a minimum of 2 years relevant experience 
 
 Nice to Have: 
 PhD -or- MS with 3+ years of experience -or- BS with 5+ years of experience. Degree should be in Integrative Physiology, Exercise Physiology, Anatomy & Physiology, Applied Mathematics or closely related fields Record of research and scholarship in systems biology, physiological modeling, or closely related field Strong background in mathematical physiology and numerical implementation of physiological models Strong background in the pathophysiology of chronic disease Strong scripting and programing skills Flexibility in working hours to accommodate collaboration across geographies Experience with simulation using finite element methods or computational fluid dynamics Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning networks Application of techniques such as: Reinforcement Learning, Transferred Learning, Computer Vision, Image Segmentation, and PCA Experience in working across Windows and Linux operating systems 
 About Medtronic 
Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. 
 
We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. 
 
Physical Job Requirements 
 
The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. (ADA-United States of America) Medtronic 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Model jobs in Fridley, MN Jobs at Medtronic in Fridley, MN Model salaries in Fridley, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medtronic Medtronic 4,318 reviews At Medtronic, we believe in the power of medical technology to improve lives. Seven decades ago, our co-founder invented the battery-powe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
