
 
 
 
 Patent Engineer/Patent Agent - Winston-Salem - Winston-Salem, NC 27101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Patent Engineer/Patent Agent - Winston-Salem Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 50 reviews Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 50 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Kilpatrick Townsend's Patent Prosecution team seeks a Patent Engineer or Patent Agent with a degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field. Experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Bioinformatics, or Electronics Hardware, including Semiconductors, is desirable. Applicant must be detail oriented and have strong written and verbal skills. Proficiency in technical writing is a plus. Transcripts and writing samples will be requested. An exciting opportunity to be exposed to cutting-edge technology in a wide array of technical fields. Ideal for an enthusiastic engineer with accomplished writing skills, and an interest in being at the forefront of intellectual property law.
 
A Patent Engineer is a professional that will help prepare patent applications and responses to Office Actions from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Patent engineers work towards certification as Patent Agents that are licensed to practice before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Starting salaries are competitive with other industries.
 
 
 We are not accepting applications from search firms for this position at this time. 
 
Kilpatrick Townsend is a full-service, international law firm with more than 600 attorneys who work with forward-thinking clients in established and emerging industries to solve their most business-critical matters.
 
Kilpatrick Townsend attorneys are fully engaged in the success of the firm's clients. We deliver results-oriented counsel for corporations at all stages of the growth cycle, from the challenging demands of financial transactions and securities to the disciplines of intellectual property management. A close collaboration between the firm's practice areas ensures that we are well-positioned to serve all of our clients' needs.
 
We serve clients around the world from offices in California, Colorado, District of Columbia, Georgia, New York, North Carolina, Texas, Washington, China, Japan, and Sweden. We value our client relationships and are committed to learning and furthering the business, as well as legal goals, of each company we work with.
 
We strive at every level to develop beneficial relationships built on trust and mutual respect. We partner with the senior executives and internal counsel of our corporate clients, integrating and sharing tasks as appropriate. We take pride in the fact that clients who hire us once, typically hire us again. Our success is measured by the results we achieve on behalf of our clients, and we commit ourselves, without reservation, to the overriding objective of client satisfaction.
 
Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP is committed to equal employment opportunity for all persons, regardless of race, color, religion, sex or gender, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
 
 
 Please do not include your Date of Birth or Social Security Number in your application documents. 
 
 Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Patent Agent jobs in Winston-Salem, NC Jobs at Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton in Winston-Salem, NC Patent Agent salaries in Winston-Salem, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP 50 reviews Kilpatrick Townsend attorneys are fully engaged in the success of the firm's clients. We deliver results-oriented counsel for corporation... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
