
 
 
 
 Principal Data Scientist Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Scientist - Financial Advice - Malvern, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Data Scientist Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Scientist - Financial Advice Vanguard 1,077 reviews Malvern, PA Vanguard 1,077 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Leverage Artificial Intelligence to innovate the world of digital advice 
You will be working with a dynamic team of Innovators, AI engineers and data scientists that are at the forefront of AI/ML application for the company. You will be working at our Malvern Campus, focusing on researching and developing leading-edge analytics enabled solutions for our AI based financial Advice platform; including applying smart algorithms, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and cloud technologies. The team works closely with subject matter experts in investment methodology and economic theory. 
 
Vanguard has been changing the way the world invests for over 40 years, as a company we’re committed to improving the lives of our clients. We’re using AI and ML to create experiences and services that will help more people than ever reach their goals. As an Advice Principal Data Scientist you’ll be responsible for helping trail blaze AI/ML at Vanguard – some of the most important work we’ve ever done as a company. 
 
Requirements 
In this role, your will: 
You will be challenged to be influential and make a positive difference on a global scale, working on a team that is purely focused on AI/ML Research. Further, you will need to establish yourself as a thought leader and the go-to person in your area of expertise, i.e. AI/ML in financial advice. Strong communication skills are essential to deliver your message globally across various stakeholders/teams with diverse backgrounds and focus areas spanning research, development, engineering, business, and management. You will be working in a very agile, dynamic environment leading/supporting ongoing activities while starting new ones. Therefore, success in this role requires excellent multitasking and time management skills. We look to you to surprise us in building breakthrough AI-enabled systems leveraging modern AI techniques to create value from the data collected and generated by our base systems. These AI enabled systems and services will allow us to provide highly individualized advice at a massive scale. 
You will apply your advanced data analytics, artificial intelligence/machine learning knowledge and experience to interact with stakeholders, identify new problems and opportunities, develop innovative propositions, contribute to intellectual property, and build and pilot first-of-its-kind demonstrators. You will play a strong role in shaping our agenda. 
 
Qualifications:
 What it takes: 
 PhD  in  Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science , Electrical Engineering or related field, with 10+ years of experience in developing and implementing AI/ML related projects 
Strong technical skills on  machine learning/AI  with proven track record. These technical skills include, but not limited to,  regression techniques, neural networks, decision trees, clustering, pattern recognition, probability theory, stochastic systems, Bayesian inference, statistical techniques, deep learning, supervised learning, unsupervised learning 
Strong technical knowledge on big data technologies, cloud, and opensource software tools 
Outstanding track record of successful solutions design in the digital space 
A strong track record of starting new activity areas and E2E management of projects related to analytics enabled solutions and transferring to production as appropriate 
Working with partners and /or affiliations, track record in establishing partnerships 
Desirable experience in multicultural/global team and influencing decisions at the highest management levels. 
Experienced in using  AI/ML platforms, technologies, techniques (e.g. TensorFlow, Apache MXnet, Theano, Keras, CNTK, scikit-learn, H2O, Spark MLlib, etc). 
Proficiency with SQL and NoSQL databases 
Proficiency with scalable data extraction tools (e.g. Cassandra, MongoDB) 
Proficiency with Scala, Spark, Java and/or SAS 
About Vanguard 
We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests. 
For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you. 
We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count. 
Inclusion Statement 
Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.” 
We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values. 
When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose. 
Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success. Vanguard 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Malvern, PA Jobs at Vanguard in Malvern, PA Principal Scientist salaries in Malvern, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vanguard Vanguard 1,077 reviews Founded in 1975, Vanguard established a new brand of investment management firm – one owned by our investors, not private parties or shar... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
