
 
 
 
 System Architect - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Architect Micron 1,039 reviews San Jose, CA Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 294344 
As a System Architect in Advanced System Architecture Group at Micron Semiconductor Products, Inc., you will work with the memory industry's leading architecture team on new concepts that will craft the future of electronic systems. 
Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to : 
Delivering architectures and innovative solutions to optimize power and performance of next-generation memory and storage subsystems. Working with design and system architecture teams to identify key system requirements, seek the current bottlenecks and propose novel solutions for a wide range of applications. These activities will entail: 
Performing system-level simulations of innovative architectures to compare with existing design paradigms, using both open and closed-loop system performance analysis. 
Developing models of new controllers, components, memory devices, interconnects, and processors. 
Capturing, benchmarking, analyzing applications and their corresponding memory and storage access patterns. 
The scope of this analysis will span from the low-level software stack (operating system, drivers, etc…) down to the hardware and firmware controllers. You should have very strong knowledge of computer architecture and deep understanding sophisticated blocks such as caches, interconnects, memory controllers, etc. while working in a collaborative environment. You will be responsible for crafting innovative solutions, modeling, and analyzing them to demonstrate their benefits and tradeoffs. 
Successful candidate for this position will have : 
Must have strong exposure to computer architecture analysis and design tradeoffs. 
Must have exposure to large scale server systems with an emphasis on memory and storage subsystems. 
Must have exposure to architectures for large sophisticated blocks and measuring their impact at the system-level 
Must have C/C++ experience; Python and SystemC experience is a plus. 
Must understand how to use the C++ Standard Template Library (STL). 
Experience in memory and storage controller architecture, protocols, DDR, NVDIMM, is a plus. 
Deep knowledge of architecture tradeoff analysis and modeling tools and methodologies. 
Exposure to software development practices. 
A strong knowledge through academic coursework or experience in DRAM and NAND memory systems, as well as other memory types is preferred. 
Exposure to operating system (OS) memory management is a plus. 
Ability to quickly react and adapt to changes based on modeling results, or project changes. 
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills. 
Excellent verbal communication and written skills. 
Must be highly organized and self-motivated. 
Must be a strong individual contributor as well as a team player. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: San Jose || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || NVE (Non-Volatile Engineering Group) || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-LP1 || Tier 5 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Micron in San Jose, CA Software Architect salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
