
 
 
 
 Principal Deep Learning Engineer - Gaithersburg, MD 20878 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Deep Learning Engineer AstraZeneca 2,062 reviews Gaithersburg, MD 20878 AstraZeneca 2,062 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Principal Deep Learning Engineer 
Do you have expertise in, and passion for Deep Learning?  Would you like to apply your expertise to impact the AI Engineering team in a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you! 
Disrupt an industry and change lives 
At AstraZeneca we’re dedicated to being a Great Place to Work. Where you are empowered to push the boundaries of science and unleash your entrepreneurial spirit. There’s no better place to make a difference to medicine, patients and society. An inclusive culture that champions diversity and collaboration. Always committed to lifelong learning, growth and development 
Working in Technology here means you’ll be a self-starter who is comfortable stepping up and taking ownership, willing to constantly explore and challenge the status quo. You’ll be empowered to orchestrate new possibilities, solve challenges and continuously innovate. Here you’ll join hackathons, work with large data and challenge yourself to push new boundaries. 
We impact patients lives. Empowering and enabling the business to run faster and better, we play a part in improving lives across the world! 
What you´ll do 
The ideal candidate will have industry experience developing and applying Machine Learning and Deep Learning solutions, e.g. developing data pre-processing pipelines, modelling, training state of the art deep neural networks (CNNs/RNNs/LSTMs/Transformers) as well as deploying inferencing pipelines to process unseen data at scale. 
The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting data & prediction problems in drug discovery. You will work as part of a global team of deeply technical data scientists, knowledge engineers & machine learning engineers and have the chance to create tools that will advance the standard of healthcare improving the lives of millions of patients across the globe. 
We are working in collaboration with our scientists to help develop better drugs faster, choose the right treatment for a patient and run safer clinical trials. Our team empowers our scientists from early development to the late stages in drug development, driving innovation and acting as a catalyst for the adoption of the latest advances in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science. You will work closely with scientists & product teams and learn to deliver DL solutions at scale within the AstraZeneca tech stack, whilst encouraging best practices for DL across the company. 
We are looking for deep learning engineers capable of building robust, accurate DL-based systems and scientifically rigorous solutions that will be used across scientific units in AstraZeneca. As a strong software leader and an expert in building complex systems, you will be responsible for inventing how we use technology, Deep Learning and data to enable the productivity of AstraZeneca. 
You will help envision, build, deploy and develop our next generation of analytical engines at scale. 
Key Accountabilities 
Investigate innovative machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistic techniques for health data challenges. 
Collaborate with scientists and other machine learning engineers and data scientists to translate medical problems into machine learning problems. 
Design and implement machine learning pipelines. 
Design, implement and evaluate machine learning models solve problems faced by our drug development scientists, e.g., disease progression analysis in CT scans. 
Deploying machine learning solutions into production. 
Optimizing solutions for performance and scalability. 
Explain analyses and machine learning solutions to technical audiences. 
Liaise with other teams to enhance our technological stack, to enable the adoption of the latest advances in Data Processing and AI. 
Support the strategic planning of the team by providing leadership as well as mentor and support the team of engineers across multiple projects. 
Essential for the role 
A PhD, in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics or related subjects – or Masters in a relevant discipline and exceptional Machine Learning skills. 
2+ years of experience and demonstrable deep technical skills in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, natural language processing or computer vision. 
1+ year of experience with one or more DL frameworks such as Tensorflow or PyTorch. 
Experience with scientific and machine learning libraries e.g., SciPy, Scikit-learn, NumPy. 
Strong software development skills. Proficiency in Python preferred. 
Experience building large scale data processing pipelines. 
Experience with Cloud computing, Hadoop/Spark, SQL. 
Ability to explain and present analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad audience. 
Ability to work with loosely defined objectives and turning these into concrete machine learning problems. 
Creative, collaborative, & product focused. 
Desirable for the role 
Experience training and deploying machine learning models at scale on distributed cloud environments 
Experience applying machine learning in the healthcare domain. 
Experience with reinforcement learning is a plus 
So, what’s next?
 Be part of something where your work directly impacts a big purpose: to develop life-changing medicines. Join Us! 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. AstraZeneca 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Gaithersburg, MD Jobs at AstraZeneca in Gaithersburg, MD Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Gaithersburg, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from AstraZeneca AstraZeneca 2,062 reviews We are AstraZeneca, one of the world’s most forward-thinking and connected BioPharmaceutical companies. With a strong purpose, an even st... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
