
 
 
 
 Staff Accountant - New York, NY 10119 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Accountant Biz2Credit Inc 16 reviews New York, NY 10119 Biz2Credit Inc 16 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About US: 
 Biz2Credit, a financial technology company founded in 2007, that provides funding to small business and Biz2X, a rapidly growing, high-growth Series B ($52M), SaaS digital lending platform start-up disrupting a $1.4 Trillion dollar industry. Biz2X?s fully configurable SaaS platform incorporates artificial intelligence & machine learning to provide a full end-to-end solution in the SMB, Commercial, and Consumer lending space. As our partners embark on a digital transformation of their business, our solution increases operational efficiencies, enhances risk controls, and enables overall business growth. 
 About this role: 
 Currently, we seek to hire a Staff Accountant for our NY Office that will handle post revenue and expense related journal entries into the accounting system and review payments. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Maintain Corporate books - post revenue and expense related journal entries into the accounting system and review payments. 
 Reconcile daily bank activity and part of client loan servicing and maintenance. 
 Maintain sub-ledger accounting for client portfolios. 
 Assess the treatment and accounting for loans and related revenue recognition. 
 Track and modify loan payments, as necessary. 
 Play an important role in the closing process and preparation of monthly reporting package. 
 Analyze financial results and performance variance analysis such as current vs. prior period and budget vs. actual. 
 
 Requirements/Key Attributes: 
Bachelor’s Degree in a related field such as Accounting, Economics or Business Administration. 
Must have NetSuite experience. 
Strong Excel, pivot tables, v-look ups and SQL- technical skills preferred. 
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty mentioned satisfactorily. 
Some Benefits & Perks: 
Generous medical, dental, and vision insurance 
401K match, commuter benefits, and employee incentive plan 
Catered lunch Friday’s and team events 
In the News: 
Named to Deloitte Technology Fast 500 
Inc 5000 - fastest growing private companies in 2020 
Crain’s New York Fast 50 
Great Place to Work Certified 
 Biz2credit is an equal opportunity employer Biz2Credit Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Accountant jobs in New York, NY Staff Accountant salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Biz2Credit Inc Biz2Credit Inc 16 reviews Biz2Credit is widely recognized as the leading online credit resource for startup and small business loans, lines of credit, equipment lo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
