
 
 
 
 Sourcing Manager, ODM Hardware - Fremont, CA 94555 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sourcing Manager, ODM Hardware Facebook 622 reviews Fremont, CA 94555 Facebook 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As a Sourcing Manager, you will be responsible for managing commercial relationships with Facebook’s AI & ML hardware partners. In this role, you will be responsible for end-to-end sourcing and supply chain services for Artificial Intelligence and compute systems that will be deployed at Facebook. This is a role that will be responsible to develop a partner management plan, work closely with cross functional Facebook teams while executing with speed and agility to achieve all cost, quality and delivery goals for new and sustaining products. 
Analyze the overall supply chain to identify risk and drive resolution to systemic supply chain issues affecting quality, cost, delivery or lead-times. 
Partner with internal stakeholders to develop and implement strategic sourcing strategies in support of the long-range plans. 
Develop negotiation strategy and approach, acceptable terms and conditions and lead the Facebook negotiation team through to closure. 
RF-x Services: Own the interface to and lead engagement with suppliers for all RFI, RFP and RFQ activities. 
Support should cost and/or market and actual unit and total cost data which feeds into total cost of ownership (TCO) models. 
Drive continuous supplier improvement in purchase price and total cost, including supply chain performance cost. 
Measure, report and action cost improvement as compared to market pricing. 
Supplier development and management: Manage the overall supplier relationship and lead and coordinate efforts to drive supplier performance improvement in all areas. 
Lead measuring supplier performance (OTD, Cost, availability, etc.), root cause issues, and driving improved performance. Own all aspects of supplier performance. 
Act as the primary liaison between ODM supplier and Facebook teams monitoring, managing and driving the supplier to assure build goals/schedule is being met. 
Communicate forecast and verify fulfillment from a materials perspective. 
Propose and execute solutions to eliminate shortages impacting build and ship schedules. 
Interactions involve strategic and tactical procurement activities in a global environment. 
BA/BS in ME, EE, CE, CS, Business, Supply Chain Management or equivalent years of experience 
6+ years’ experience of Sourcing Management or Supply Chain Management experience in commercial sourcing roles with particular experience in hardware 
Experience in contracts and contract negotiations, and contract strategy development and execution 
Experience working and demonstrated experience influencing stakeholders and business partners 
Demonstrated experience in improving supply chain and supplier performance, including the use of cost models and objective based performance measures 
Experience working with Asia based suppliers 
Experience and knowledge with hardware design 
Knowledge of EMS/ODM/JDM/OEM business models, consignment & turnkey materials management, cost modeling, supply chain design, and reverse logistics 
Demonstrated experience driving a plan to bring resolution to differing opinions, reaching out across functional boundaries to drive collaboration and sharing credit in a team environment 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sourcing Manager jobs in Fremont, CA Jobs at Facebook in Fremont, CA Sourcing Manager salaries in Fremont, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 622 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
