
 
 
 
 AI Engineer - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Engineer Microsoft 7,125 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,125 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Microsoft, we are continuing to expand our efforts in artificial intelligence with a focus on building an Intelligent Cloud and Intelligent Edge. The Artificial Intelligence and Research (AI+R) division is chartered with ensuring that Microsoft remains at the forefront of AI technologies. 
As a new and fast-growing team within this organization, we are applying our best AI research and engineering capabilities to new customer solutions in areas of physical autonomous systems (http://aka.ms/as). 
Our vision is to lead the autonomous systems tidal wave, empowering intelligence within drones, robots, industrial control systems, etc. Our cloud-based solution encompasses components involving intelligence and simulation, including realistic 3D models of physical world. 
We are looking for a passionate engineer to join our team and lead our efforts in incorporating machine learning techniques in lifecycle of autonomous systems (including building, training, simulating, managing, etc.) This includes use of machine learning to build realistic worlds, enable higher level semantics like object detection and classification as well to build physics engines, sensors, etc. The role also provides an opportunity to experience and influence related areas like computer vision. 
This is a new business area and team members will have an opportunity to work closely with early customers as we define the product, refine its features, and generalize it to support many vertical industries. 
#BusinessAI 
Responsibilities 
Build Machine Learning models for autonomous systems. 
Utilize latest developments in Machine Learning for implementing sensors and controllers. 
Utilize machine learning techniques for creating realistic and accurate 3D worlds. 
Investigate and enable sim-to-real transitions. 
Work in close partnership with internal and external teams of diverse and talented peers of various disciplines. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related degree, or equivalent work experience 
Experience with building machine learning models using frameworks like TensorFlow and PyTorch 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with applying machine learning techniques to problems in simulation engines and 3D data (sensors, physics engines, object detection, etc.) 
5+ years professional development experience in C/C++, Python or Java 
Passion for autonomous systems and related areas 
Strong creative problem solving and algorithm development skills 
Self-motivated and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment 
Good interpersonal skills 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Engineer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,125 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
