
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, or Professor (non-tenure track), Engineering and Industrial Design - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, or Professor (non-tenure track), Engineering and Industrial Design USC 890 reviews Los Angeles, CA USC 890 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Non-tenure Full Job Description The Iovine and Young Academy for Arts, Technology and the Business of Innovation at the University of Southern California invites applications for a full-time faculty position in Engineering and Industrial Design (non-tenure track, rank dependent on qualifications). The ideal candidate will hold a MA, MArch, MS, Ph.D. or equivalent advanced degree, or a BA, BS BArch and a record of advanced professional experience, with a specialization in one or more of the following fields, or a related field: Industrial Design, Product Design, Mechanical Engineering, or Computer Science. 
Candidates with special knowledge of or experience in the areas of product design (physical, digital, virtual, or hybrid), interaction design and/or engineering, and/or designing or engineering new experiences are especially sought by the school. 
In addition to areas of specialization, candidates with experience or a specific interest in several of the following areas will be especially competitive: 
New consumer or enterprise product development, including new technologies, systems, or experiences 
Product-based applications for existing or emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence 
Bio-technology and/or the development of new health-related products 
Programming and development of digital products, including mobile applications 
Manufacturing and/or fabrication strategies and methodologies 
Materials 
Prototyping and testing methodologies 
Engineering or designing for social good 
Design Thinking, Design Strategy, or other applications of Human- or User-Centric Problem Solving Theories and Methodologies 
The position includes teaching and co-teaching courses to a diverse group of undergraduate and graduate students, in residence and online, with backgrounds in the arts, design, computer-based technologies, engineering, business and/or entrepreneurship, and/or communication. Mentoring students in and beyond their education into professional careers is also a core component of the position. For the right candidate, the position may also include an administrative or leadership appointment in the school. 
Candidates should have a minimum of two years of full-time teaching experience, or the equivalent in part-time or adjunct experience, at the college/university level (graduate and undergraduate preferred) at peer institutions. Preference will be given to candidates who can also show evidence of teaching innovations that move outside traditional classroom environments and into real-world applications; effective use of technology in instructional environments; and an ability to work well in collaborative educational settings. Ideal candidates will also have an interest and experience in working collaboratively to build new and innovative courses and programs. 
In addition to having a broad awareness of and active presence in industrial design- and/ or engineering-related fields and endeavors, the successful candidate will be a team player who will provide a vision for this groundbreaking cross-disciplinary school, within the strategic goals of this top-tier research university. The successful candidate will also be interested in forging relationships and building opportunities with other schools and departments at USC, including but not limited to the schools of Business, Law, Engineering, Cinematic Arts, Education, and Communication. 
About the USC Iovine and Young Academy 
The USC Iovine and Young Academy seek to empower the next generation of thought leaders, innovators, and entrepreneurs through a unique educational experience focused at the intersection of four essential areas: the arts and design; technology; venture management; and communication. These new  literacies for the 21st century  combine to create new disciplinary expertise that prepares our graduates to adapt quickly to rapidly changing work landscapes, and to rethink, reimagine, and reapply. Our students develop high-level problem-solving abilities and skills that can be applied across a broad spectrum of industries, fields, and areas of endeavor, and a mindset that embraces lifelong learning. Through the strategic application of human-centered design fueled by diversity and inclusion, technology, agency, and unbridled creativity, Academy alumni develop new ways of working, learning, collaborating, and engaging with our communities to drive positive change for society and the environment. 
The Academy provides a collaborative environment that brings exceptional students together with visionary faculty and leading industry and professional mentors and organizations. Its degree programs focus on nurturing and developing original thought leading to breakthrough products, systems, technologies, businesses, and more. Academy students and graduates regularly receive offers for top internships and jobs from leading companies such as Apple, Google, Intel, Adidas, Sony, Spotify, Khan Academy, Tesla, Facebook, and Ernst and Young, and student startups have garnered more than $120M in funding and acquisition payouts since the school’s opening in 2014. Its students have received national and international accolades for their work, including invitations from the world’s leading accelerators; top honors for entrepreneurship and social enterprise, such as Forbes 30 Under 30; and spotlights in leading publications, including Inc., Business Insider, Tech Crunch, WIRED, Fast Company, Wall Street Journal, Forbes, and many more. 
About the University of Southern California 
The University of Southern California is one of the world’s leading private research universities. An anchor institution in Los Angeles, a global center for arts, technology, and international business, USC's diverse curricular offerings provide extensive opportunities for interdisciplinary study and collaboration with leading researchers in highly advanced learning environments. With a strong tradition of integrating liberal and professional education, USC fosters a vibrant culture of public service and encourages students to cross academic as well as geographic boundaries in their pursuit of knowledge. 
USC strongly values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity employment. Women and men, and members of all racial and ethnic groups, are encouraged to apply. 
Applicants should submit a letter of application discussing professional and scholarly work, teaching, and related experience; curriculum vitae; and names and contact information of three references. All application materials should be uploaded through the online portal at usccareers.usc.edu. Finalists will be asked for additional materials. The application deadline is May 10, 2021. Questions can be addressed to Associate Professor Patrick Dent (dent@usc.edu). USC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at USC in Los Angeles, CA Associate Professor salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from USC USC 890 reviews We’re looking for exceptional individuals to help us fulfill our mission: Developing individuals and society as a whole through the culti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
