
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Associate - La Jolla, CA 92037 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Associate Scripps Research 6 reviews La Jolla, CA 92037 Scripps Research 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. JOB TITLE:  Postdoctoral Associate 
 
The Scripps Research Translational Institute (SRTI) offers a postdoctoral fellow position in the area of Artificial Intelligence. A Postdoc at SRTI is a way to pursue world-class multidisciplinary research with the greatest potential to transform the practice of healthcare and improve human health. You will work in the newly formed Digital Trial Center. 
 
 ABOUT THE DIGITAL TRIALS CENTER (DTC) AT SCRIPPS RESEARCH 
The Digital Trial Center (DTC) at Scripps Research oversees a portfolio of innovative research programs that aim to increase participation and representation in medical research and clinical trials using digital technologies, such as wearable sensors, remote biosample collection, sleep trackers and online surveys. These technologies have enormous potential to better understand health behaviors as well as transform the participant experience with medical research, for example by returning individualized information made possible through technology. DTC’s portfolio includes the All of Us Research Program (the largest ever research program funded by the NIH to build a longitudinal and socially and ethnically diverse cohort to study the impact of genetics and environmental factors on health outcomes); DETECT (a Covid-19 detection study with 37,000+ individuals enrolled); PowerMom (improving maternal health outcomes through continuous data measurement during and after pregnancy) and PROGRESS (defining individualized glycemic response for diabetic and non-diabetic individuals). The team works closely with a network of partners to develop new studies and to access large datasets, including CareEvolution, Fitbit, and iRhythm. The team’s work is frequently featured in top academic journals, including Science, Nature and The Lancet in 2020 alone. 
 
Effective use of data, from building algorithms to analyze sleep patterns and COVID symptoms, is integral to the success of the DTC. As a Postdoc, you will be on the forefront of the AI initiatives at SRTI to process medical data and develop new algorithms to change clinical practice. You will also participate in an active partnership with the Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) and the Halıcıoğlu Data Science Institute at UCSD towards the development of new AI algorithms. 
 
 YOUR ROLE AS A POSTDOCTORAL ASSOCIATE IN AI 
As a Postdoc, you will play a key role in processing terabytes of data from our partners, developing new AI algorithms and presenting the results in top academic journals. You will collaborate with AI experts and clinical professionals, leading the development of new solutions in Digital Medicine. Your responsibilities include: 
 Leading interdisciplinary research projects using artificial intelligence with the goal of improving healthcare. 
 Developing methods for supervised, unsupervised, semi-supervised and interactive classification and prediction from different data types (text, image, video, time series and medical data), using machine/deep learning, signal processing, or computer vision techniques as needed. 
 Managing large datasets and applying deep learning algorithms in different computational environments (local server at SRTI, AWS, other platforms from our partners). 
 Writing scientific papers, holding scientific presentations and supporting the writing of research project proposals. 
 Taking responsibility for existing projects and realizing your own project ideas. 
 
 
You will be part of a team of data scientists, AI researchers, clinical and behavioral experts, and UX designers that collaborate on a wide range of innovative projects to improve healthcare. 
 
This role is a unique opportunity for someone with AI expertise to deepen her/his research in the healthcare domain. You will also have opportunities to build a research career by contributing to scientific publications and open source projects and through supervision of senior AI and clinical scientists. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 To be successful in the role, we’re looking for someone with the following skills: 
 PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, or equivalent. 
 5+ years experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
 Strong coding skills in Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and working experience with AWS. 
 Relevant publications in the field of artificial intelligence. 
 Experience in manipulating, processing and analyzing large heterogeneous datasets. 
 Strong willingness to work collaboratively with experts in different disciplines, from artificial intelligence to clinical professionals. 
 
 
 DECISION MAKING 
Independently propose new analytical solutions for specific research tasks. You will also be responsible for managing your time among different research projects. 
 
 COMMUNICATION 
Needs to communicate effectively across multiple teams and organizations. 
 
 SCOPE AND COMPLEXITY 
Works independently and collaboratively with research team members with different areas of expertise, collaborators from academia and industrial partners. 
 
 SUPERVISION OF OTHERS 
The Postdoc may co-supervise visiting graduate or undergraduate students. 
 
 EEO STATEMENT 
The Scripps Research Institute is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic or status. Scripps Research 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in La Jolla, CA Jobs at Scripps Research in La Jolla, CA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in La Jolla, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Scripps Research 6 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
