
 
 
 
 Junior Machine Learning Engineer - Pittsburgh, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Machine Learning Engineer 3M 4,362 reviews Pittsburgh, PA 3M 4,362 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description:
 Junior Machine Learning Engineer 
 
 Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World
 Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 93,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.
 “At 3M, we want to make sure that everyone, from all walks of life, know they can share their opinions, they’re heard, and change is made based on their input.” – Ann Anaya, chief diversity officer at 3M”
 This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. 
 
 The Impact You’ll Make in this Role
 Are you a creative and thoughtful researcher or engineer? Do you want to apply your skills in a way that has a meaningful impact on the world? Join our team of international researchers and engineers in Pittsburgh PA to help improve patient care and clinical workflows through advancing our computer assisted coding technology.
 The ideal candidate is familiar with research methodologies, devising, implementing and evaluating algorithms and large-scale systems. Experience in one or several of the following fields: Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and software engineering. Would show passion about learning new technologies and improving the state of healthcare IT.
 We provide the freedom to explore and encourage curiosity and creativity. We gain new insight from diverse thinking, and taking risks on new ideas.
 Primary Responsibilities  include but are not limited to the following:
 Design, development, evaluation, deployment and maintenance of data-driven models and analytical solutions for machine learning (ML) and/or natural language (NL) applications.
 Research and implement novel ML and statistical approaches to add value to the business.
 Develop and/or apply statistical modeling techniques, in particular, deep learning techniques, optimization methods, and other ML techniques to different applications in business and engineering.
 Your Skills and Expertise
 
To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M requires (at a minimum) the following qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited university OR High School Diploma/GED or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution and a minimum of six (6) years experience in computer science and/or Machine Learning field in lieu of the Bachelor’s degree education requirement
 Two (2) years of experience in programming and scripting languages like Java and Python.
 One (1) year of experience with *nix environment.
 Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
 Masters degree in Computer Science or a related field.
 Two (2) combined years of academic and industry research experience.
 Hands on experience with deep learning toolkits and frameworks like TensorFlow or PyTorch.
 Experience deploying statistical models to a cloud environment.
 Travel: Occasional travel may be required
 Relocation Assistance: May be authorized
 Location: Pittsburgh, PA
 Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).
 Supporting Your Well-being
 3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
 Resources for You
 For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.
 Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.
 Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.
 3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
 Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
 3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement 
 
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms. 3M Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Pittsburgh, PA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Pittsburgh, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from 3M 3M 4,362 reviews 3M is a global science company that never stops inventing. Using 46 technology platforms, our integrated team of scientists and researche... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
