
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist YETI Coolers 39 reviews Austin, TX YETI Coolers 39 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. YETI's Privacy Policy 
 
 At YETI, we believe that time spent outdoors matters more than ever and our gear can make that time extraordinary. When you work here, you'll have the opportunity to create exceptional, meaningful work and problem solve with innovative team members by your side. Together, you'll help our customers get the high-quality gear they need to make the most of their adventures. We are BUILT FOR THE WILD™. 
 
 
The Data Scientist will draw insights from large and/or complex data sets to solve business problems addressed by use cases. The Data Scientist will assess applicability of different AI/ML methods for different use cases and be responsible for building and iterating models to support business outcomes. The Data Scientist will help drive advanced analytics thinking and methodologies by investigating various topics and sharing insights with broader Data & Analytics team as well as business stakeholders 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Gather business requirements, translate them into information solutions, identify required data structures and apply strong expertise in advanced analytics techniques (e.g. artificial intelligence and machine-learning) to design, prototype, and build solutions to business problems 
 Collaborate with Data Engineer(s) to support data modelling and testing during projects 
 Ensure analytics tools and methods used in projects are robust and of the highest quality 
 Ensure frequent communication with other stakeholders to drive use case development and manage expectations on model limitations and lead times 
 Collaborate with business units to provide technical guidance related to AI/ML based models 
 Develop best practices for analytics (models, standards, tools) and share learnings with peers 
 Contribute to build the capabilities of Advanced Analytics, attending conferences, allocating time to investigate new topics, etc. 
 
 
Qualifications and Attributes: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in a relevant field and at least 4 years' experience in a data science related role OR Master's degree or higher in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, and at least 0-2 years' experience in a statistical and/or data science role 
 Expertise in advanced analytical techniques (e.g. descriptive statistics, machine learning, optimization, pattern recognition, cluster analysis, segmentation analysis, etc.) 
 Experience using analytical tools and languages, (e.g., Python, R, Matlab, etc.) 
 Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools (e.g. Hadoop, Hive, Spark, AWS Lambda, etc.) 
 Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI) 
 Diligent attention to detail and strong technical intuition 
 Knowledge of the industry and ability to translate business needs into advanced analytics solutions 
 Ability to communicate effectively with both the advanced analytics team and business unit 
 Leadership skills that includes experience collaborating with a cross-functional teams 
 Ability to manage time and schedules to meet deadlines 
 
 
YETI is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 
 
#LI-CL1 YETI Coolers 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at YETI Coolers in Austin, TX Data Scientist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from YETI Coolers YETI Coolers 39 reviews At YETI, we believe that time spent outdoors matters more than ever and our gear can make that time extraordinary. When you work here, yo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
