
 
 
 
 Senior ML Applied Scientist - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior ML Applied Scientist Microsoft 7,125 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,125 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and we believe that artificial intelligence will play a critical role in accomplishing that mission. The Core Search and AI team is the leading appliedmachine learningteam at Microsoft responsible for delivering the highest-quality experience to over 500M+ monthly active users around the world in Microsoft’s search engine, Bing.Beyond Bing other search engines such as Yahoo, DuckDuckGo, and new startups like Neeva depend on us as well. 
We have seen little innovation in search in the last decade andwe are looking for people whowantto build the next generation of search using advanced AI technologies such as deep learning.Ourwork spans a very large scope ofscenarios includingdelivering high quality search resultsfrom amassive document corpus,extractiveand abstractivesummarizationto generate document snippets,personalization,machine reading comprehension,and document recommendations. 
As a team, we leverage the diverse backgrounds and experiences of passionate engineers, scientists,and program managers to help us realize our goal of making the world smarter and more productive. We believe great products are built by inclusive teams of customer-obsessed individuals who trust each other and work closely together. We collaborate regularly across the company both to find the technology breakthroughs from groups like Microsoft Research to infusing AI into the rest of Microsoft products like Office and Azure. 
Some examples ofourwork include: 
Building the world’smost comprehensive spelling correction systemthrough zeroshotlearning(covered byNextWeb,Venture Beat,andZDNet) 
Usingtransformernetworks for search(coveredinSearch EngineLandand inState of AI 2020 report) 
Deep learning based question answering and captions(coveredinVentureBeat,Search Engine Land) 
Codevelopingourlarge scaletraining librarycalledDeepSpeed(coveredinSiliconAngle,The Batch) 
Building and open sourcing blazing fasttransformernetworkinferencing(coveredinZDNetandForbes)includingdeveloping ourownaccelerated chips for inferencing 
Open sourcing our vector search algorithm(coveredbyArs TechnicaandTechCrunch) 
If you are passionate about workingonthe latest and hottest areas that will help you develop skills in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, data science and high scale systems, this is the team you’re looking for! 
Responsibilities 
We need experienced applied data scientists to empower the rest of Microsoft’s teams and customers to build on the Core Search and AI team’s industrial grade machine learning. For example, we are investing deeply in enterprise search through Azure Cognitive Search’s recent semantic search launch. A critical part of the role is to develop an end-to-end understanding of Core Search and AI models and to adapt these models and techniques to new search challenges across the company. This role will require solving both data science and engineering challenges. 
Fine-tune, domain adapt and distill large scale NLP models for real-world large-scale applications. 
Develop an intuition for strategies to use across diverse, multi-lingual customer datasets and challenges. 
Adapt unstructured domain agnostic models and techniques to be robust when processing structured and semi-structured data. 
Work on the full lifecycle of machine learningdevelopmentincluding training data collection, feature engineering, model training, offline and online experimentation. 
Develop accurate solutions that function well in low resources and compliant environments. 
Design a blueprint for how to get high quality labels, low-cost labels for a wide range of models (retrival, ranking, machine reading comprehension) from thecrowd 
Contribute to experimentation infrastructure and proofs-of-concept to test out new ideas and concepts. 
Partner effectively withprogram management,engineers, and other functions across productsand with external customers. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
Bachelors, Masters or advanced degree in Computer Science or related field (including Mathematics and Physics) 
5+ years of industry experience applying Machine Learning techniques 
5+ years of experience coding in Python, C++, C#, C or Java 
2+ experience with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow orPyTorch 
Preferred Qualifications: 
MS or PhD computer science or related field. 
Experience with enterprise search optimization or open-source search technologies such as Elasticsearch, Lucene, Solr 
Experience building large scalecloud-basedsolutions. 
Customer focused, strategic, drives for results, is self-motivated, and has a propensity foraction. 
Fantastic problemsolver:ability to solve problems that the world has not solvedbefore. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
#webXT# #semanticsearch# #machine learning# #NLP# #transformers# 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Senior Scientist salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,125 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
