
 
 
 
 CCOR - Regulatory Strategy - Data Analytics - Associate - Brooklyn, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CCOR - Regulatory Strategy - Data Analytics - Associate JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,605 reviews Brooklyn, NY JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,605 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The RS Data Analytics Associate will assist in our strategic build out of end-to-end analytics across all the different data sets that we own and manage as subject matter experts (regulatory issues, exams, meetings). We're all about finding ways to make sure senior management is informed and ahead of those key regulatory trends
 
 Assist with aspects of the strategic rebuild of the regulatory engagement system
 Assist with the build out of our automated suite of reports working directly with our VP of analytics
 Collect input, requests, and feedback from business stakeholders regarding analytic needs
 Produce prototypes and mockups/visuals for feedback (Excel)
 Assist with the design and maintenance of enhancements on our dashboards (Tableau)
 Assist with daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly reporting on regulatory engagements
 Analyze data and produce reports/analysis on themes and trends for senior management
 Assist with innovation projects including where machine learning/artificial intelligence can assist with analytics and processes
 Assist with leading the technology team on the technology enhancements to our core system of record for regulatory engagements
 Assist with data integrity efforts (ie, exception reports, remediation, etc.)
 Assisting on a variety of assignments across the department, working directly with Executive Director, Vice President and other team members on deliverables for senior management
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate jobs in Brooklyn, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Brooklyn, NY Associate salaries in Brooklyn, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,605 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
