
 
 
 
 PVD Sr. Technologist - Albuquerque, NM 87114 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PVD Sr. Technologist Intel 5,442 reviews Albuquerque, NM 87114 Intel 5,442 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Intel is a company of bold and curious inventors and problem solvers who create some of the most astounding technology advancements and experiences in the world. With a legacy of relentless innovation and a commitment to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth, our diverse and brilliant teams are continually searching for tomorrow's technology and revel in the challenge that changing the world for the better brings. 
Intel's Optane Technology is a new breakthrough in nonvolatile memory technology and is revolutionizing the NVM landscape. Intel's unique Optane memory technology delivers industry leading low latency in both solid-state drive and persistent memory products, that are positioned to change how data is managed worldwide. You can learn more about Intel Optane here: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/architecture-and-technology/optane-memory.html 
At Intel, we optimize storage and memory from device physics to platform architecture to system level solutions while collaborating with industry leaders to help our customers. Located at F11x in Rio Rancho, the Intel Optane Group (IOG) process development team is focused on delivering world class low latency Optane (3DxP) memory technology solutions. 
We are looking for a highly motivated Senior PVD Process Development Engineer to drive new thin solutions for this leading-edge technology. 
Your responsibilities would include: 
Investigation of new materials systems and materials or process improvements to enable continuous improvement of Optane memory cell performance. 
Developing, maintaining, and transferring new PVD processes to high volume manufacturing (HVM). 
Conducting well designed experiments and characterization to deliver world class process solutions. 
Full ownership of process setup, control, and improvements during the development phase. 
Working with other team members and equipment vendors as needed to identify- and implement new hardware solutions as needed to improve process capabilities. 
Collaboration with other process areas, integration, quality, and cost teams to deliver low cost, high margin processes to HVM. 
Ensuring that all processes and procedures conform to Intel's Safety, Environmental and Quality standards and addressing any quality deviations. 
Documentation of process work including thorough characterization of films and properties and updating process specifications as needed. 
Helping to define PVD process road maps to meet requirements, goals and milestones for new technology processes. 
Working with other IOG engineers and groups to develop, prioritize, and manage projects 
Supporting the Pilot Development team to ensure that we deliver low cost, high quality, manufacturable process solutions. 
Identifying, quantifying, and qualifying cost reduction projects 
The ideal candidate will have the following knowledge and skills: 
Will be a strategic thinker with excellent communication and collaboration skills. 
Proven experience in multi-tasking complex projects with a track record of innovation and successful delivery of processes to volume manufacturing. 
A strong grasp of thin film deposition, properties, and characterization and a fundamental understanding of how process conditions impact material properties will be needed to be successful in this role. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below education and minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Education: 
A PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Material Science, Physics, or Chemistry. 
Minimum qualifications: 
10+ years industry experience in: 
PVD with a strong industry Research and Development background 
Experience pathfinding new materials 
Preferred qualifications: 
Advanced memory cell material development experience. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technologist jobs in Albuquerque, NM Jobs at Intel in Albuquerque, NM Senior Technologist salaries in Albuquerque, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,442 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
