
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Computer Science - Colorado Springs, CO 80918 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor - Computer Science University of Colorado 632 reviews Colorado Springs, CO 80918 University of Colorado 632 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Assistant Professor - Computer Science   -   20268 
 
Faculty 
 
Description 
The Department of Computer Science (CS) at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs (UCCS) invites applications for a tenure-track, assistant professor position. The College of Engineering and Applied Science at UCCS is nationally ranked and offers degrees at the Bachelors, Masters, and PhD levels. 
 The position is for an open research area. However, preference will be given to candidates in one or more of the following areas: 
 Software engineering, 
 Artificial intelligence and machine learning, 
 Game design, development and related areas, and 
 Computing systems.
 Strong candidates from all other areas of Computer Science are also welcome to apply.
 The successful candidate will develop and teach undergraduate and graduate courses in the chosen discipline or as requested by the chair based on departmental needs; will possess a solid publication record, and be expected to develop or continue to develop a strong research group with externally funded research program; and perform services at the department, college, and professional levels. Beginning assistant professors are expected to teach 9 credit hours (3 classes) per academic year for the first two years and 12 credit hours (4 classes) from year three until tenure is obtained. After tenure, the default teaching load is 15 credit hours (5 classes), although it can be reduced with external funding. 
 The CS Department is comprised of 22 full-time faculty - including three CAREER NSF winners - 600 undergraduates, 75 masters and 75 students in two PhD programs-one in Computer Science and the other in Cybersecurity. The department averages about $100 K per year in funding per tenure track faculty member.
 For more information about the job position and the department, visit http://www.uccs.edu/cs. 
 Who We Are: 
 The University of Colorado Colorado Springs is one of four campuses in the University of Colorado system and is home to over 9,500 undergraduate and 1,900 graduate students. UCCS is among the fastest growing universities in the state and is consistently ranked as one of the top Western regional universities by U.S. News & World Report. 
 Colorado Springs (pop. 450K+) is situated at the base of Pikes Peak, offers many recreational and cultural activities and was recently ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of the top Best Places to Live in the U.S. 
 What We Offer: 
 Salary Range:  Generally starting at $93,000 - $98,000 per academic year 
 The University of Colorado offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid vacation and time off, and a tuition benefit. Information on university benefits programs, including eligibility, is located at http://www.cu.edu/employee-services. Total compensation goes beyond the value on the paycheck. Please consider reviewing the Total Compensation page at Total Compensation Calculators | University of Colorado. 
 Tentative Search Timeline: 
 Applications submitted by  March 25th, 2021  will receive full consideration. 
 Application review is expected to begin  March 26th, 2021 .
 The potential dates for initial video interviews is the week of  April 5th, 2021 .
 The potential dates for final interviews is the week of  April 26th, 2021 . 
 The potential employee start date is  August 16, 2021 . 
 
 The University of Colorado Colorado Springs is committed to providing a safe and productive learning, living and working community. To assist in achieving this goal, we conduct background investigations for all prospective applicants being considered for employment. Background investigations include a criminal history record check, and when appropriate, a financial and/or motor vehicle history check. 
 The University of Colorado Colorado Springs is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. In compliance with applicable laws and in furtherance of its commitment to fostering an environment that welcomes and embraces diversity, the University of Colorado will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, political affiliation or political philosophy in its programs or activities, including employment, admissions, and educational programs, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the established essential functions and meet the physical and environment demands described satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and ability, physical and environmental conditions required of the employee on the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions, physical and environmental demands. 
 Applicants with disabilities: If you have a mental or physical impairment, which limits one of your major life activities (e.g. walking, hearing, seeing, speaking, breathing, or learning) and require special accommodations for testing or interviewing, it is your responsibility to notify the office scheduling the interview or test at least 3 working days before the interview or test date. If you need special accommodations at the work site, you must notify the appointing authority or Human Resources. 
 The Immigration Reform and Control Act requires that verification of employment eligibility be documented for all new employees by the end of the third day of work. 
 
Qualifications 
Minimum Requirements: 
 Ph.D. in Computer Science or a related area. Ph.D. must be conferred by date of appointment (8/16/2021). 
 At least 4 months of teaching experience in an academic setting as a teaching assistant, instructor of record or the equivalent. 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to move. Employee is occasionally required to have long periods of sitting, moderate bending, moderate energy requirements, and fine motor skills.The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. 
 
Special Instructions to Applicants :  - Applications submitted by Thursday, March 25, 2021 will receive full consideration. - Applications submitted through email or surface mail will not be considered. Please apply at cu.edu/cu-careers (job #: 20268). - Official transcripts will be required upon hire. - Statements of teaching and research philosophy are required as part of the application. 
 
If you have technical difficulties with your application, please contact the CU Careers help desk at  303-860-4200 #5  or cucareershelp@cu.edu. Job related inquiries should be directed to the posting contact. The successful candidate must provide proof of eligibility to work in the United States upon hire. 
 
Application Materials Required :  Cover Letter, Resume/CV, List of References, Unofficial transcript(s), Statement of Research Philosophy, Statement of Teaching Philosophy 
 
Application Materials Instructions :  To apply, please submit the following application materials to this posting. 1. A current CV. Must include date ranges to include month and year (mm/yyyy) and whether the position was full time or part time. CV should include link to Google scholar page. 2. A cover letter that specifically addresses the job requirements and outlines qualifications. 3. Unofficial transcripts. 4. Statement of Research Philosophy 5. Statement of Teaching Philosophy 6. List of five (5) professional references When submitting the materials, check the Job Specific Attachments box next to each document in order for the search committee members to see your materials. 
 
 Job Category :  Faculty 
 
Primary Location :  Colorado Springs 
 
Department :  C0001 - Colorado Springs Campus - 40045 - EAS-Computer Science 
 
Schedule :  Full-time 
 
Posting Date :  Feb 23, 2021 
 
Unposting Date :  Ongoing 
 
Posting Contact Name :  Rory Lewis 
 
Posting Contact Email :  rlewis5@uccs.edu 
 
Position Number :  00470301 University of Colorado 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at University of Colorado in Colorado Springs, CO Assistant Professor salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Colorado University of Colorado 632 reviews The University of Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus (sic) is a public research university in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is pa... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
