
 
 
 
 AI Chatbot Engineer - Lone Tree, CO 80124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Chatbot Engineer Verizon 28,848 reviews Lone Tree, CO 80124 Remote Verizon 28,848 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $107,200 - $199,200 a year Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 We are honored that you are considering Visible as your next place of employment. Visible is the first all-digital wireless carrier in the U.S. Named by Fast Company as one of the most innovative companies in the world, Visible offers unlimited messages, minutes, and data, on Verizon’s Network. Visible is designed to fundamentally change the way millions of consumers sign up for and manage their phone service. Although headquartered in Denver, we have a permanent Work from Home Structure, and our team members work remotely. 
We are looking to hire an AI Chatbot Engineer to join the Visible Engineering Team. 
Lead and develop Chatbot conversational Flows in utilizing in-house and vendor products for solving customer’s problems and increasing customer satisfaction. 
Develop and lead customer facing applications that will be driven by chatbots across Agent automation /Mobile/Desktop. 
Participate in IT security process for application assessment and providing the fixes and remedy for the identified issues. 
Lead projects, Coordinate development activities, ensure timely delivery of modules to business with good quality and report project status to management. 
Coordinate application architecture and technology initiatives to ensure adoption of proper technology for application development. 
Manage application initiatives, schedule and align business projects working with CAM and business sponsors. 
Application management, handling customer escalations, production change controls and ongoing application maintenance. 
Coordinate activities to diagnose and resolve customer and other production issues by working with other IT teams and business partners. 
Ensure proper change control procedures are followed complying with IT change management. 
Business communications and relationships with other IT, Network, Marketing, Products and Revenue Assurance teams. 
Communicate effectively with business sponsors and other partner teams to maintain a healthy working relationship. 
Exchange and share information about product, pricing and promotions as needed to fulfill business needs and to keep IT applications up to date. 
Keep up to date with new technology to provide suggestions on technology directions to management. 
Help management in developing future strategies for IT Applications, development methodologies and technology solutions. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Experience in programming with Java & J2EE Technologies. 
Experience on NLP/NLU. 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence / Machine learning methodologies. 
Experience on Google Dialog Flow. 
Experience on D-Tree implementation. 
Experience with Micro services architecture and Springboot development. 
Even better if you have: 
A Degree. 
Mobile/Desktop application development experience. 
Experience on implementation of Conversational Chatbots. 
Experience with chat platforms like Salesforce/Live Person. 
Experience with JWT and Oauth Framework. 
Experience with Social Media handles and integration with Google Dialog Flow. 
Experience with application performance tuning and monitoring. 
Experience in using messaging / JMS. 
Experience in GCPimplementations. 
Experience with in-memory data store and cache service. 
Experience in Unix/Linux operating systems. 
Knowledge of shell scripting. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $107,200 and $199,200  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Lone Tree, CO Jobs at Verizon in Lone Tree, CO Engineer salaries in Lone Tree, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,848 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
