
 
 
 
 Oracle Application Developer - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Oracle Application Developer Capgemini 8,229 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,229 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
The EBS Team lead will be responsible for leading the development of interfaces and workflows using APIs, Reports, Forms, Enhancements, SQL and PL/SQL programs, and enhancement of modules related to Finance, Order to Cash and Procure to Pay. Additionally, the Lead developer is responsible for working closely with Cross Functional teams, conceiving and executing critical projects, influencing departmental objectives and providing strong leadership.
 The Lead developer will also perform ongoing support of systems, including documentation, troubleshooting and testing. Also develops, submits, and prioritizes business system change orders for enhancement or project requests.
 The development team often works side-by-side with Agile capability teams to deliver comprehensive solutions that integrate different technologies using different development lifecycles.
 The Cox Enterprises platforms are built on the Oracle E-Business Application Suite with complex integrations built on the Oracle SOA Suite.Technology We Use: Oracle, EBS, OTC, P2P Your Role: Involved and Lead all aspects of the development lifecycle, including development, deployment, warranty and post-warranty bug fixes. Work with other Application Development Teams, QA Testing, Engineering, Architecture, Release Management and Operations as needed to help with successful project delivery. 
Need to understand how to do performance tuning of code and queries? Conduct analysis of business issues and challenges. 
Develop Technical Documentation from Function Specification. 
Participate in defining technology solutions to solve complex, multidisciplinary business problems with long-term implications 
Develop conversions, upgrades, interfaces, reports, forms, and workflow? Work with end-users to define and execute test scenarios and ensure appropriate end user training? Displays strong teamwork and interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate to all levels 
Requirements : 
7-8 years of experience with the implementation of large-scale ERP applications that include financial, Order to Cash and Procure to Pay applications. 
8+ years Oracle E-Business Suite experience preferably version 12 or above. 
5+ years experience integrating Oracle E-Business Suite applications with business and partner applications?
 6+ years experience with Oracle SQL and PL/SQL development.? Experience with implementation of Retail POS system? 
B.S. Degree required. B.S. degree in computer science, information systems, finance/accounting or related area preferred. 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills required.? Candidates must also have business savvy, customer focus, planning/organizing
 Knowledge of MS Office products and related software programs is essential.? Technical certifications preferred.? M.S. or MBA preferred. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Oracle Developer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Oracle Developer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,229 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
