
 
 
 
 Quality Program Coordinator - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Program Coordinator Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,428 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,428 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
 
 Bachelor Degree or comparable work experience 
 2+ years’ experience in a Quality Operations/Investigations role 
 Collaboration with cross-functional teams in-person and virtually in a global environment 
 Able to effectively articulate and lead change management across a global organization 
 Effective written and verbal communication style across a multitude of platforms with global team members and stakeholders 
 Flexibility in approach to work and self-driven 
 Analytical, with a proven ability to analyze various data sources and identify root cause/drivers of performance 
 Bias for action, takes ownership and delivers results 
 Builds lasting and effective relationships with stakeholders and focuses on the customer 
 Demonstrated ability to define and present metrics that help illuminate our quality goals 
 Expert in using the Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Excel 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Each day, hundreds of thousands of developers make billions of transactions worldwide on our cloud. They are harnessing the power of Amazon Web Services (AWS) to enable innovative applications, websites, and businesses. However, there are always a few people that try to take unfair advantage of a good thing...
 
Are you interested in taking your skills and career to the next level, while having fun and supporting the fight against bad guys? As a Quality Program Coordinator for the Operational Support Team (OST) of the global Fraud Investigations Team (FIT), you will be responsible for driving quality related initiatives and audits as an integral member of a worldwide team of auditors, training, content, and knowledge management specialists.
 
As Quality Program Coordinator, you will lead the Quality Assurance (QA) team by establishing and maintaining quality standards and guidelines. You will interact with stakeholders across Fraud Prevention, as well as lead the global QA team to streamline process, implement change management and ensure high decision quality by FIT investigators.
 
You will provide consistent closed loop feedback mechanisms and be responsible for reporting individual and site level quality performance. You will own the implementation of performance improvement activities with the QA team for the global FIT organization. You possess a balanced mix of quantitative, consultative, and facilitative/leadership skills; and will be experienced in leading and facilitating efforts that have significantly improved processes and training in fast-paced, ambiguous, environments.
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Facilitate the execution of the global QA program initiatives and deliverables directly and through collaboration with management and support teams. 
 Update documentation and communications to share lessons learned from quality concerns and trends. 
 Identify opportunities for quality improvements and efficiencies, introducing new systems and procedures where appropriate in collaboration with OST stakeholders. 
 Conduct deep dives on complex investigations and escalations and effectively communicate findings and opportunities to relevant Fraud Prevention stakeholders. 
 Collaborate with OST manager and QA team to provide input on roadmap and milestones for the QA program. 
 Communicate effectively across all levels on Operations and Program progress. 
 Contribute to quality audits on FIT investigations. 
 Engage global FIT via office hours, mentor sessions, Lunch & Learns, etc. to solicit and deliver feedback on quality related opportunities. 
 Conduct Root Cause Analysis and Error Trend Analysis to provide input about corrective and predictive action for missed opportunities across global FIT. 
 Drive reduction in error rates by working along with Operations, OST and Fraud Prevention stakeholders. 
 Collaborate with AWS FIT Program Managers team to articulate and prioritize feature needs for system and tools based on quality impact. 
 Lead and develop a high performing QA team that meets agreed objectives and delivers best practice results, added value and continuous improvements to global FIT. 
 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 
 Experience working closely with development and business teams to understand requirements and to communicate problem impacts 
 Expert knowledge and experience in tech development for quality audit, evaluation, and assurance tools 
 Ability to think “outside-of-the-box” to solve organizational quality problems 
 Experience creating and maintaining reporting dashboards 
 1+ year in Program Management 
 Experience using scrum methodologies such as sprints and user stories 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Coordinator jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Program Coordinator salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,428 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
