
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Data Scientist (Machine Learning & Natural Language), Siri Understanding - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Data Scientist (Machine Learning & Natural Language), Siri Understanding Apple 10,211 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,211 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Apr 12, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200207828 
Play a part in the ongoing revolution in human-computer interaction. Give to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Build groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who built the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Expertise in natural language processing and machine learning, such as classification, feature engineering, information extraction, structured prediction, clustering, semi-supervised learning, topic modeling, and ranking. 
Proficiency in data science and analytics, including statistical analyses and A/B testing Experience designing, conducting, analyzing, and interpreting experiments and investigations. Strong programming skills, expert knowledge of algorithms and data structures (Python, Java, or equivalent) 
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, creativity, organizational, design, and interpersonal skills; ability to work well with all levels of engineers. Confirmed ability to handle multiple projects with strict deadlines 
Prior experience with applying Big Data tools (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive and/or Pig, Spark) to large quantities of textual data is desired 
Description 
The goal of the Siri Machine Learning & Natural Language team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced statistical techniques. The Data Scientist role in this team has a spectrum of approaches to improving Siri. At one end, we work on deriving key insights from large amounts of usage data to suggest new features and fundamental improvements to the user experience. At the other end, you would work on core machine learning algorithms and systems that are part of Siri’s ability to understand and respond to requests. You should be passionate about building outstanding products. This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation. This is an unusual opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge of various disciplines such as data science and machine learning, and your work will have a huge impact on hundreds of millions of users across the globe. 
Education & Experience 
Master's or PhD in Computer Science, Linguistics, a data-driven physical science, or equivalent Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Data Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,211 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
