
 
 
 
 Technical Sales Specialist - Philadelphia, PA 19019 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Sales Specialist IBM 30,732 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19019 Temporarily remote IBM 30,732 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
As part of the Security portfolio, IBM MaaS360 is a recognized leader in the Unified Endpoint Management space since 2012 and as the sudden shift to remote work in the past year has exacerbated security challenges the need for faster and more robust UEM adoption has increased. With mobile threat defense (MTD), artificial intelligence (AI) insights, out-of-the-box single sign-on (SSO), multi-factor and passwordless authentication, and conditional access, Mass360 provides the robust risk management posture organizations need without disrupting employee productivity. 
 
IBM is seeking to hire a MaaS360 Technical Sales Specialist. In this role, you will be responsible for solution (MaaS360) and subject matter (endpoint management and security) expertise. The ideal candidate will drive the client technical agenda, account architecture, and technical sales support for IBM MaaS360 across mid-market and enterprise-level accounts. In addition, this employee will help drive business partner training and be part of the critical feedback loop for our offering management team. 
 
Responsibilities include:
 
Accountability for driving client satisfaction such that clients become promoters of the IBM Platform 
Maintaining strong platform and offerings knowledge and articulates the value proposition/ROI, competitive landscape, and relevant use cases to drive sales
 
Application of technical and sales knowledge to create and deliver technical proof points to assist with deal closure including technical presentations, solution workshops, Request for Proposals, product demonstrations, technical education, and Proof of Concepts 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 6 months experience in technical pre-sales 
At least 1 year experience in IT application management, IT support, Technical Sales, or Technical Professional Services 
At least 6 months experience in configuration, integration, testing, and troubleshooting across technical domains 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 2 years experience in B2B technical sales with mobile and/or cloud technology 
At least 2 years experience in technical selling, installing, designing or administering end-to-end mobile device management solutions 
At least 2 years experience in Platform/Operating systems Windows (XP, 7 and Server), MAC, IOS, Android, Blackberry and Linux/DB2 
At least 2 years’ experience in Exchange, Lotus Traveler, Active Directory, Certificate Authorities, Networking, Proxy, and/or Blackberry Enterprise Server 
About Business UnitIBM has a global presence, operating in more than 175 countries with a broad-based geographic distribution of revenue. The company’s Global Markets organization is a strategic sales business unit that manages IBM’s global footprint, working closely with dedicated country-based operating units to serve clients locally. These country teams have client relationship managers who lead integrated teams of consultants, solution specialists and delivery professionals to enable clients’ growth and innovation. By complementing local expertise with global experience and digital capabilities, IBM builds deep and broad-based client relationships. This local management focus fosters speed in supporting clients, addressing new markets and making investments in emerging opportunities. Additionally, the Global Markets organization serves clients with expertise in their industry as well as through the products and services that IBM and partners supply. IBM is also expanding its reach to new and existing clients through digital marketplaces. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.
 
 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Sales Manager jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at IBM in Philadelphia, PA Technical Sales Manager salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,732 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
