
 
 
 
 Pet Claims Experience Advocate (AZ or Remote) - Scottsdale, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Pet Claims Experience Advocate (AZ or Remote) Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Scottsdale, AZ Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scottsdale, Arizona | Claims Experience | Full-time 
 
We’re looking for an empathetic, animal-loving individual to be one of the very first claims experience advocates to join our pet claims team! If you have a background in customer experience and a genuine passion for helping others, read on! 
 
In this role, you’ll work closely with Lemonade’s Head of Pet Claims and other advocates in our new line of business. We’ll look to you to settle pet claims while defying customer expectations along the way. With a customer-first mindset, you’ll be responsible for handling claims while showing an unparalleled level of empathy and kindness to our furry friends and their parents. 
 
Requirements 
3+ years of Vet Med experience at minimum, working hands-on with cats and dogs; P&C Insurance knowledge a huge plus! 
LOVES pets - unparalleled empathy for our furry friends is a must! 
Desire to work in a unique, dynamic and fast paced startup environment 
Comfortable articulating yourself on the phone as well as in email 
A fast learner, self-driven with willingness to roll up your sleeves 
A lot of empathy, patience, and a positive approach to work and life 
Comfortable with and adaptable to new technology and business tools 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
