
 
 
 
 BA with RPA Automation experience - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search BA with RPA Automation experience Capgemini 8,229 reviews St. Louis, MO Capgemini 8,229 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Experience End-to-End development of Business Process using Robotic Process Automation for Telecom Domain. 
Problem-solving issues that arise in day to day running of UI-Path processes and providing timely responses and solutions as required. 
Experience in using UiPath Credential Manager for maintaining, securing and retrieving the user credentials. 
Experience in Scheduling the Bots thru Studio and Orchestrator 
End to end process automation using UI-Path. Experienced in staging and deploying the automation solution into test and Live environments. 
Worked with the Business Analysts in identifying and defining the requirements 
Worked on Automating Web portal, Excel, PDF, TXT and Email automations. 
Used one of the Screen Scraping methods i.e. Optical character Recognition (Google OCR / Microsoft OCR engines) to process PDF and JPEG images. 
Experienced in using UiPath Studio, Orchestrator, Screen, Data & Web scraping techniques 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,229 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
