
 
 
 
 Director, Digital Disruption - Carson, CA 90746 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Digital Disruption Dermalogica 121 reviews Carson, CA 90746 Dermalogica 121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Started in 1986, Dermalogica continues to expand the professional skincare industry with distribution in over 90 countries. Known worldwide as the preeminent Skin Therapist’s choice for offering the most respected professional skincare line, we are also recognized for our renowned postgraduate education. 
 
Our entrepreneurial spirit, hands-on environment, and fast-paced culture encourage employees to be their best, bringing innovative solutions to reach the skincare professional and consumer. We are highly energetic, passionate, and results-oriented. You will find that Dermalogica is a very special place, with tremendous opportunities ahead for us, all building upon a record of achievement. 
 
 
Dermalogica is seeking a dynamic  Director of Digital Disruption  to help drive continued modernization of the organization through custom web technologies and data-driven personalization. The role will be responsible for leading a small group of designers and developers to build and scale AI-powered web technologies for the premier global skincare business. 
 
This opening presents you with a fantastic opportunity to revolutionize the industry by building world-class digital innovation capabilities within Dermalogica. The ideal individual will possess exceptional technical strengths, with the ability to architect, scale, and maintain web technologies independent from the IT Department. The position is based at the corporate headquarters in Carson, California, and will report directly to the CEO. 
 
 
Required Experience and Skills: 
 
 Entrepreneurial mindset with a passion for the digital world and its implication on business 
 Deep knowledge of how modern web browsers work. Must:
 Be able to navigate the DOM 
 Understand how JavaScript executes and what its limitations are 
 Understand the limitations of different browsers on different devices 
 Systems Architecture
 Must have deep knowledge of the role different systems play up and down a modern web stack, and how to optimize systems architecture for scale. 
 Dev Ops
 Must have at least a basic understanding of how to host and scale on the cloud. 
 API Architecture
 Must be able to architect/write modern RESTful APIs 
 Database Architecture
 Must have basic-to-advanced knowledge of relational databases and/or a NoSQL approach 
 Data Wrangling
 Must be able to wrangle and clean data using SQL and a scripting language such as Python 
 Statistical Awareness
 Must have moderate-to-advanced knowledge of Statistics 
 Must understand machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
 UX Design Awareness
 Must understand the fundamentals of modern UX Design. Enough awareness to recognize strong design and work closely with strong UX Designers. 
 Preferred Attributes: 
 
 Master’s Degree or higher in Computer Science, Machine Learning, AI, Data Science or related 
 Successful track record as a Software Engineer  a definite plus 
 Ability to manage, mentor, and develop a team  highly desirable 
 Advanced capability to analyze and manipulate image data in Python using statistical and image-specific libraries 
 Advanced capabilities with Dev Ops 
 
 
Our outstanding benefits package that includes Health Benefits, Monthly Product Allowances, Annual Fitness Reimbursement, Domestic Partner Benefits, 401(k) Matching, not to mention a host of other great perks! 
 
 
To be considered for this role, please click on “Apply Now” to complete your online application. Please know that all applications are reviewed for consideration. A member of the Human Resources team will contact you if your experience and skills are a match for the position. 
 
 
Dermalogica is an equal opportunity employer that embraces diversity, equity, and inclusion. 
 
 
Follow us on 
 Back Share
 Apply Now Dermalogica 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Carson, CA Jobs at Dermalogica in Carson, CA Director salaries in Carson, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dermalogica Dermalogica 121 reviews Whoever said beauty is only skin deep had the right idea, as far as Dermalogica is concerned. Founded by Jane Wurwand in 1986, Dermalogic... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
