
 
 
 
 Associate/Assistant Professor of Computer Science - Lincoln University, PA 19352 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate/Assistant Professor of Computer Science Lincoln University 209 reviews Lincoln University, PA 19352 Lincoln University 209 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Title:  Associate/Assistant Professor of Computer Science 
 Department:  Computer Science 
 Reports to:  Chair/Coordinator Computer Science Programs, Department of Computer Science 
 Type:  Full-Time/Regular 
 Application Deadline:  Open Until Filled 
 JOB SUMMARY: 
 Department of Computer Science at Lincoln University is seeking qualified applicants for an Assistant or Associate Professor of Computer Science. The candidates should have excellent teaching and research experience in both the theoretical areas and the applied areas of Computer Science, including but not limited to Programming, Operating Systems, Formal Languages, Computer Networks, Artificial Intelligence/ Robotics, Computer Architectures, Database Management, Big Data, IOT, and Software Engineering. Preference will be given to those who have some additional experience in the areas of Cybersecurity, Computer Gaming, Virtual Reality, and Augmented Reality. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
 The successful candidate will teach undergraduate level courses in Computer Science; advise students; serve on academic committees; generate course level assessment reports; participate in program curriculum development; be an active and effective team player; and contribute to the success and governance of the department, College of Science and Technology, and university. 
 The privilege of obtaining tenure and promotion requires excellence in teaching, research, publication, and active participation in the university and the profession. 
 The candidate will be expected to initiate and sustain a scholarly research program. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 Demonstrate leadership skills such the ability to assume the position of the chairperson of the department when needed. 
 Demonstrate the ability to teach undergraduate/graduate level courses in Computer Science and its application areas such as Programming and Web Programming, Computer Animation, Operating Systems, Computer Security, Compilers, Computer Networks, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Architectures, Database Management, Software Engineering, Gaming, and particularly in all areas of Cybersecurity. 
 Demonstrate excellence in research and publication. 
 Demonstrate experience in interacting effectively with a culturally diverse group of students and colleagues. 
 EDUCATION: 
 An earned Ph.D. in Computer Science or closely related field. 
 
 PHYSICAL DEMANDS: 
 Moderate lifting up to 20 pounds as frequently as needed to move objects; dexterity to write and manipulate computer keyboard and mouse; ability to hear and speak clearly; and body mobility to stoop, kneel, and bend and reach. 
 
 WORKING CONDITIONS: 
 Work is primarily performed in a university campus environment and requires a flexible schedule including evening and weekend work. Travel for administrative work is expected. The employee is subject to inside environmental conditions: protection from weather conditions but not necessarily from temperature changes. 
 APPLICATION PROCEDURE: 
 To apply please provide letter of application, resume/curriculum vitae, transcripts, and names and contact information. Lincoln University 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Lincoln University, PA Jobs at Lincoln University in Lincoln University, PA Associate Professor salaries in Lincoln University, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lincoln University Lincoln University 209 reviews The Lincoln University (LU) is the United States' first degree-granting historically black university. Founded as a private university in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
