
 
 
 
 Senior Programmer - Madison, WI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Programmer Sky Ship Studios Madison, WI Job Description 
 We are seeking a Senior Programmer to join the team! Areas of expertise are open. Candidates may specialize in artificial intelligence, graphics programming, gameplay, or other areas of code. Beyond exemplary programming skills, all candidates must exhibit strong interpersonal skills and a passion for video games. 
 
 The accepted candidate will be joining a team of experienced game developers on the ground floor, helping not only to develop the company’s maiden project, but the company as well. More than just employees, we’re looking for individuals who have a strong drive to create not only great games but a great company. Candidates must be prepared to embrace the risk inherent with new companies. They must also possess a vision for their ideal workplace, and the drive to help bring that vision to life. 
 
 Interested individuals will be required to sign a non-disclosure agreement before learning details about the games in development. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Degree in computer engineering or computer science 
 Experience developing for a major console (Xbox, Playstation, Wii, etc.) 
 Experience in 3D graphics programming (OpenGL or DirectX) 
 Experience in game engine development 
 Experience in network programming 
 Able to work independently and under pressure producing results under tight schedules 
 Mature interpersonal skills 
 Strong personal interest in videogames 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Experience developing for mobile and/or tablet platforms (Android or iOS) 
 Experience working with remote teams and contractors 
Sky Ship Studios  is currently seeking to add a few members to the crew! Applicants must send their resume and cover letter to info@skyshipstudios.com. Please include the position being applied for in the subject line of your e-mail. Sky Ship Studios 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Programmer jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at Sky Ship Studios in Madison, WI Senior Programmer salaries in Madison, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sky Ship Studios Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
