
 
 
 
 Director, Product Management - Durham, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Product Management Fidelity Investments 3,950 reviews Durham, NC 27709 Fidelity Investments 3,950 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Role 
The Director, Product Management (PM) proposes, builds and delivers AI products and capabilities for Fidelity business units as well as partners and customers. We provide business direction to an extended team of associates contributing heterogeneous roles. We bring to the table an outstanding blend of business, technical and team management savvy—big-picture vision with the drive and knowhow to make that vision a reality. We have a passion for finding innovative, robust, algorithmic solutions to sophisticated business challenges. 
The Expertise and Skills You Bring 
10+ years of related experience across product management, engineering and business planning 
BS degree in computer science or other technical field. MBA is highly desired 
Demonstrated experience leading heterogeneous teams to deliver breakthrough results over the entire product lifecycle - from conception to full production deployment, at scale 
Proven leadership in matrixed environments where the project team is working from, and feeling motivated by, your business direction 
Demonstrated ability to build trust-based relationships – within teams and across partner groups 
Demonstrated strong verbal and written communication skills; communicate across all areas and levels of the company as the primary ‘voice’ for the team and its results 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, unexpected and frequently ambiguous environment 
Entrepreneurial drive - you are a selfstarter; strong attention to detail and ability to set and meet ambitious plans 
Proven experience with &/or interest in Artificial Intelligence concepts and applications in a business context 
Strong analytical, project management and product development process experience 
The Team 
Create ground-breaking artificial intelligence-based (AI) solutions and platforms as the leader of cross-functional teams in the Fidelity Center for Applied Technology (FCAT). Be part of the innovation engine for the Firm, creating new businesses and capabilities that continue to distinguish Fidelity as the best, and most trusted, brand in the financial services industry. 
We are seeking a product management leader who understands how to lead diverse teams to deliver breakthrough results. The role is highly visible within FCAT and Fidelity, at large. A strategic mentality is essential, in this role, to reconcile and prioritize contending demands across inter-personal, organizational and technical domains. 
See what FCAT is up to at https://www.fcatalyst.com/overview.  This position will be located full time in Durham, NC. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Product Management jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Durham, NC Director of Product Management salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 3,950 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
