
 
 
 
 Procurement Analyst - Sugar Land, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Procurement Analyst ChampionX 7 reviews Sugar Land, TX ChampionX 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ChampionX has an immediate need for a  Procurement Analyst  located in  Sugar Land, TX  . The Procurement Analyst provides category support to one of the major spend categories. Duties may include working in a specialty area such as compliance, systems and processes, or vendor selection (including contracting and negotiating) and relationship management (Evaluates vendor reliability, follow up on issues, etc.) This position also works closely, on a daily basis, with suppliers and internal associates including planners, and plant procurement associates to help ensure high service and quality levels that align to the negotiated terms of the supplier contract. Lastly, this position may also give some guidance and direction to other Procurement personnel.
 If you are a passionate professional that likes to work in an autonomous, hands-on environment, we invite you to apply. This is your opportunity to join a growing company offering a competitive base salary and benefits.
 What’s in it For You:
 The ability to make an impact and shape your career with a company that is passionate about growth
 The support of an organization that believes it is vital to include and engage diverse people, perspectives and ideas to achieve our best
 Thrive in a company that values sustainability, drives a safety-focused culture and has been recognized as one of the most ethical companies in the world
 Comprehensive benefits package starting day 1 of employment- medical, dental, vision, matching 401k, and more!
 What You Will Do:
 Process Development – Design and Implement continuous updates to the Procurement process in an effort to make the process more efficient and mature. Identify inefficiencies and build project plans to address and improve the process
 Create and run competitive sourcing events (RFx) to solicit best pricing and terms from vendors. This will include working with internal stakeholders to design scopes, creating cost and savings models, and coordinating internal and external participation and communication
 Develop and maintain analytic tools for total cost of ownership - Convert raw data into meaningful reporting information
 Proactively identifying ideal purchasing opportunities and making PO recommendations
 Making the purchasing system more robust using current ERP capabilities
 Demonstrating extreme attention to detail and excellence in all you do
 Develops KPIs/dashboards to support Indirect Procurement spend analysis and productivity savings. Experience with Power BI is a plus
 Collaborate with cross functional organizations to identify and drive process efficiency for the activities within the scope of this position
 Develop and implement analytical tools and reports to provide decision support to Executive management
 Ensure data integrity in sourcing tools
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Supply Chain or related field.
 2 years’ experience as a Procurement or Supply Chain Analyst
 Immigration Sponsorship is not available for this role.
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Expert proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (Power BI, Excel, PP, Word, Outlook), with advanced skills in Excel and PowerPoint.
 Ability to analyze, model and interpret data.
 Accuracy and attention to detail.
 Successful planning, priority setting, informing, results and time management skills.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
 Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
 High intelligence and ability to comprehend strategic concepts in order to develop decision support systems
 Proven record of success in highly competitive/demanding environment (high confidence level).
 Strong analytical skills to present solution options and build business cases with professional presentations.
 Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, clients, and other departments.
 Strong quantitative skills with the ability to track projects, resolve problems and excellent attention to details.
 Well-developed/professional communication style; excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with all levels of employees, locations and diverse cultures.
 Results-oriented with a high degree of skill in managing deadlines for customer solutions across a global platform.
 Commitment to achieving deadlines and/or putting in the extra effort required to get the job
 About ChampionX  :
 ChampionX is a global leader in providing chemistry programs and services, drilling technology, artificial lift solutions, and automation technologies for the upstream and midstream oil and gas industry. Our world-class safety culture fuels our purpose to improve lives through our commitment to deliver sustainable operations.
 Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion 
 At ChampionX , we believe the best teams are diverse and inclusive, and we are on a journey to create a workplace where every associate can grow and achieve their best. We are committed to fair and equal treatment of associates and applicants. We recruit, hire, promote, transfer and provide opportunities for advancement on the basis of individual qualifications and job performance. In all matters affecting employment, compensation, benefits, working conditions, and opportunities for advancement, we will not discriminate against any associate or applicant for employment because of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran. 
 In addition, we are committed to furthering the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) through Affirmative Action (AA). Our goal is to fully utilize minority, female, disabled and covered veteran individuals at all levels of the workforce. 
 We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. ChampionX 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Procurement Analyst jobs in Sugar Land, TX Jobs at ChampionX in Sugar Land, TX Procurement Analyst salaries in Sugar Land, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from ChampionX 7 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
