
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Huntsville, AL 35801 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineer Arcarithm Huntsville, AL 35801 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description WE ARE ARCARITHM ,  and we are changing the world! 
If you are ready to grow your career and change the world with us, then join the Arcarithm team! 
We are located in beautiful, downtown Huntsville, AL, one of the fastest growing cities in the U.S.! At Arcarithm, we cultivate and foster an environment of integrity, open communication, work life balance, and career development. We are committed to investing in our employees by offering comprehensive health insurance options, a generous 401K plan, competitive salaries, continuous career growth opportunities, flexible schedules including remote work, mentoring and performance incentives. 
 Arcarithm is currently seeking top talent in the areas of full stack software development, artificial intelligence, optimization, and data analytics. You will work in a dynamic and challenging environment alongside our customers which include Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, US Army, US Navy, US Air Force, the Missile Defense Agency, and NASA on cutting edge technologies including machine learning, augmented and virtual reality, big data analytics, and more! 
 We are excited to continue to change and improve the world through innovation and technology! 
Contact us today to hear more about Arcarithm and all we offer! 
Job Title:  Artificial Intelligence Engineer 
Job Location:  Huntsville, Alabama 
Must Haves: 
Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret Security Clearance 
Must be a U.S. Citizen 
Bachelor of Science Degree in engineering, computer science, math, physics 
Two (2) years of machine learning network development experience 
Experience with Python and more traditional object-oriented languages such as Java and C++ 
Good To Haves: 
Familiarity with the Linux operating system (Ubuntu and/or RedHat preferred) 
Familiarity with TensorFlow, Keras, and/or Theano 
 Apply at  www.arcarithm.com/employment 
Arcarithm is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Arcarithm 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Huntsville, AL Jobs at Arcarithm in Huntsville, AL Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Huntsville, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Arcarithm Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
