
 
 
 
 Sr Technical Program Manager – Strategic Analytics - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Technical Program Manager – Strategic Analytics Nordstrom 13,547 reviews Seattle, WA Nordstrom 13,547 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary Up to $289,200 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tech Program Mgr Sr 2
 Job Description
 Sr Technical Program Manager – Strategic Analytics
 Nordstrom is reinventing the retail industry through the power of data and artificial intelligence. The vision for Data Science & Analytics at Nordstrom is to be the best data-driven fashion retailer in the world, and we win by rigorous and thoughtful application data science to solve strategic business challenges.
 We are looking for an all-star Sr. Program Manager that can lead our engagement with key business stakeholders, and partner with Product Management, Technology/Engineering, and sister data science teams to develop, design and deploy integrated analytical data products. They will also work with key stakeholders to align on, and maintain, an integrated product delivery roadmap that addresses tangible business needs. They will also play a lead project manager role on high-profile strategic projects that the team undertakes.
 As part of the Nordstrom’s centralized Data Science and Analytics team, the Strategic Analytics team focuses on supporting executive management with robust decision support data science. Here we build data science products and provide analytics consulting in support of strategic business decisions, including customer personalization, marketing, merchandise, supply chain, and digital experience. We work as the quantitative right-hand for the executive team with a passion for supporting data-driven decision making, a devotion to advanced techniques, along with a creative team spirit!
 The ideal candidate is a creative self-starter and strong technical contributor who is always looking for new opportunities to solve business problems with data-driven tools. We welcome your curiosity about the business, your passion to unlock rich, nuanced insights from complicated data and the desire to communicate those insights in a way that drives positive business outcomes.
 We are committed to building teams that reflect the diversity of our customers and active inclusion is core to how Nordstrom wins  .  We’re an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals from all backgrounds to apply. If the idea to make a difference in this vibrant intersection of fashion, data science, and technology excites you, join our world-class data science team!
 Responsibilities… What you’ll do
 Expertly collaborates with business stakeholders and product management to bring the “Strategic Analytics Data Products Vision” to life, and inject data science into Nordstrom business processes
 Proactively identifies feature opportunities and works independently to size the potential impact of opportunities
 Identifies issues that may impede success and provides recommendations for solutions
 Manages risks, assumptions, dependencies
 Is accountable for tracking overall goals and KPIs for quality of data product output, adoption, and business impact
 Improve processes, eliminate red tape and be on the lookout for ways to get projects into production faster, while maintaining high rigor and quality
 Mentors, attracts, and develops talent on the team and across the Nordstrom analytical community
 On high-profile strategic projects, play a lead role in coordinating work that needs to be done across multiple analytics teams to ensure timely delivery of quality work to stakeholders
 You’ll deeply understand the business and proactively spot risks and opportunities
 Ideal Requirements and Background
 5 + years of related experience (e.g., project management, business process improvement, financial planning).
 A bachelor’s degree
 Demonstrated success formulating strategy and guiding implementation with technology and data/analytics teams
 Experience drafting complex technical requirements
 Experience and familiarity with data systems and products including AWS, Teradata, ETL best practices, dashboard optimization and machine learning methodologies.
 Successfully driven complex multi-stakeholder processes and cross-team programs to desired results while managing risk.
 Proven ability to build strong partnerships, influence and collaborate at all organizational levels.
 Strong verbal and written communications skills for a large, multi-discipline organization.
 Proven ability to build strong partnerships, influence and collaborate at all organizational levels.
 Enthusiasm for solving complex problems with a natural tendency towards open mindedness and flexibility
 Enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and take on managing through ambiguity and complexity like solving a puzzle
 You’ll love this Job If You
 …are a self-directed individual who operates with passion, urgency, focus, and discipline… put simply, you get-stuff-done.
 ...are motivated by making an impact
 …have problem solving skills that are unparalleled…you are scrappy and resourceful
 …are an adaptable team player. You will enthusiastically take on other assignments as needed to support your team!
 …are someone who appreciates diversity in all its forms
 …are someone who appreciates a company that values and encourages work-life balance
 About Nordstrom
 Nordstrom is a specialty retailer offering the very best in fashion and customer service since 1901. We live by five simple values that guide how we work together day-to-day and how we deliver analytics & data science products. We are customer-obsessed, owners at heart, curious and ever-changing, we extend ourselves to our peers and our customers, and we’re here to win! We're proud to be named to Fortune™ magazine's list of '100 Best Companies to Work For.' We believe this recognition comes from our desire to empower our employees to set their sights high and deliver exceptional service to customers.
 We’ve got you covered…
 Our employees are our most important asset and that’s reflected in our benefits. Nordstrom is proud to offer a variety of benefits to support employees and their families, including:
 Medical/Vision, Dental, Retirement and Paid Time Away
 Life Insurance and Disability
 Merchandise Discount and EAP Resources
 A few more important points...
 The job posting highlights the most critical responsibilities and requirements of the job. It’s not all-inclusive. There may be additional duties, responsibilities and qualifications for this job.
 Nordstrom will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all legal requirements.
 Applicants with disabilities who require assistance or accommodation should contact the nearest Nordstrom location, which can be identified at www.nordstrom.com .
 Nordstrom Careers Privacy Policy: https://careers.nordstrom.com/#/contact-us/privacy
 © 2021 Nordstrom
 Current Nordstrom employees: To apply, log into Workday, click the Careers button and then click Find Jobs.
 Hourly and salary pay ranges specific to Colorado are listed below, which is provided in compliance with Colorado law. Nordstrom continues to remain competitive with pay and benefits in all markets.
 Hourly
 Minimum - $12.55/hr
 Maximum - $46.10/hr
 Salary (Non-Exempt and Exempt)
 Minimum - $30,200/annual
 Maximum - $289,200/annual Nordstrom 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Nordstrom in Seattle, WA Technical Program Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nordstrom Nordstrom 13,547 reviews Nordstrom, Inc. is a leading fashion retailer based in the U.S. Founded in 1901 as a shoe store in Seattle, today Nordstrom operates 381 ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
