
 
 
 
 Director, Software and Analytics - San Antonio, TX 78205 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Software and Analytics The Coca-Cola Company 9,526 reviews San Antonio, TX 78205 The Coca-Cola Company 9,526 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Please note - this role is located in Austin, TX and will based out of the Costa/Briggo Office. 
Overview 
This Director, Software and Analytics will: 
Define and deliver a market leading, global, software platform for integrating the Costa Express portfolio of Autonomous Retail products into Costa’s overall retail experience. 
Define and Deliver Costa US Digital applications to enable activation of Costa Express Autonomous Retail products within the larger Costa US Digital roadmap and supporting the timely deployment of Autonomous Retail platforms to the US Market. 
Drive the integration of Autonomous Retail data and operational systems with Costa Express Platform operational systems as well as market level consumer data analytics, reporting, and CRM capabilities. 
Key Tasks/Activities 
Organizational Management/People Development 
Clearly and consistently communicate business and product vistion to the Software and Data teams. 
Evaluation/assessments of competitors, technology and/or potential strategic partners/acquisition targets. 
Lead/Manage build vs. outsource vs. buy decisions. 
Lead selection of technical partners. 
Recruit and develop technical teams. 
Build a software development culture focused on delivery excellence within the context of the Costa values. 
Software Roadmap and Plan Development 
Set corporate innovation directions aligned with senior leadership 
Work cross-functionally with Engineering, Operations, Product, Finance, and R&D leaders to build the roadmap for the Software team and overall platform strategy. 
Represent Autonomous Retail software within Costa Platform, Market Regions and across broader Coca-Cola software initiatives. 
Software Delivery 
Drive software development across multiple teams, workstreams and phases to ensure delivery on time, on budget and to business objectives. 
Drive creation and operation of agile software development processes that align with overall Express platform product process. 
Drive development teams to consistently improve cycle times and overall product quality. 
Minimize technical risk by foreseeing, communicating and addressing obstacles proactively and aggressively. 
Data Delivery 
Drive integration of Autonomous Retail sales and telemetry data into existing/planned operational environments to support existing business functions. 
Push the current boundaries of the utilization of operation data to automate operational processes and minimize overall operating costs. 
Drive integration of consumer data from the Autonomous Retail platform with Costa Global consumer data strategies. 
Financial Planning & Management 
Build, justify, track and manage to Allocated Budget numbers for commitments across the team. 
Communicate and manage budgetary risks to Finance and Senior leadership team. 
Educational Requirements 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or other relevant Engineering field. 
Experience Requirements 
Demonstrated success in effectively communicating at all levels of an organization. 
Bachelor's degree in computer science or other relevant engineering field, 
10+ years’ experience leading software development organizations. 
Experience leading development of complex software architectures and platforms. 
Experience leading and managing development activity for enterprise level applications. 
Strong background with requirements management. 
Preferred 
Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence Technologies 
AWS/Azure or equivalent hosting platforms 
Vending domain experience 
Robotics integration 
Coffee knowledge 
International/multi-national organizational experience 
Skills 
Agile Software Development Life Cycle Processes 
Modern web, SaaS, and mobile technologies 
Retail and POS systems 
Financial Reporting and Analytical Data and Processes 
Embedded Machine Control Systems 
Software Systems Architecture 
Distributed Systems Architecture 
Scalable Systems Architecture 
Data Warehouse/Big Data Management Principles 
Our Purpose and Growth Culture: 
We are taking deliberate action to nurture an inclusive culture that is grounded in our company purpose, to refresh the world and make a difference. We act with a growth mindset, take an expansive approach to what’s possible and believe in continuous learning to improve our business and ourselves. We focus on four key behaviors – curious, empowered, inclusive and agile – and value how we work as much as what we achieve. We believe that our culture is one of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years. Visit Our Purpose and Vision to learn more about these behaviors and how you can bring them to life in your next role at Coca-Cola. 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. When we collect your personal information as part of a job application or offer of employment, we do so in accordance with industry standards and best practices and in compliance with applicable privacy laws. The Coca-Cola Company 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Analytics jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at The Coca-Cola Company in San Antonio, TX Director of Analytics salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Coca-Cola Company The Coca-Cola Company 9,526 reviews The Coca-Cola Company is a total beverage company, offering over 500 brands in more than 200 countries and territories.

In addition to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
