
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Open Rank - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - Open Rank Educational Testing Service (ETS) 431 reviews Remote Remote Educational Testing Service (ETS) 431 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Research and Measurement Sciences (RMS) Foundational Psychometrics and Statistics Research (FPSR) Center in ETSs’ Research & Development (R&D) Division invites applications for an open-rank Research Scientist position. Specifically, we seek scientists in the areas of applied and computational statistics, machine learning, data science, or psychometrics to embark on exciting research to tackle the challenges of learning and assessment in the digital age. In this era, four realities will dominate assessment:
 Digitally based assessments
 Large volumes of data collected through test takers’ assessment actions
 Large volumes of other data about individuals who are being assessed
 The growing capabilities of artificial intelligence.
 We have launched new research initiatives to prepare ETS to thrive in the face of these realities, and we are looking for research scientists from multiple quantitative disciplines to lead these initiatives alongside the national leaders in assessment, psychometrics and statistics who make up our current staff.
 The research in FPSR will focus on the following research areas:
 Next generation psychometrics for assessment and learning
 Individualized learning and assessment
 Modelling response processes and sequences of actions
 Modelling educational big data
 Advanced psychometric modeling for assessing complex constructs
 Automated item generation
 Digital assessment design, validity and fairness
 Fairness and score comparability in AI based scoring and digital assessments
 Fairness in assessments across cultures and languages
 Adaptive assessment design
 Advancing survey based group-score assessments
 Modernizing group-score analysis methods and matrix sampling of assessment items
 Responsibilities: 
Develop novel psychometric, statistical, artificial intelligence, or machine learning methods for learning and assessment data.
 Design and conduct scientific studies related to the focus areas of the RMS Research Initiative.
 Consult and collaborate on problems related to the scientist’s expertise that arise in the context of other ETS research, ETS testing programs, or ETS corporate management concerns.
 Pursue or collaborate in interdisciplinary projects, transferring techniques to new contexts or connecting scientific fields that are usually separate.
 Serve as a subject matter expert in representing research results and the RMS Research Initiative to ETS corporate leadership, clients, and potential funding agencies.
 Develop or assist in developing proposals for external and internal research grants and obtain financial support for new or continuing research activities. Prepare initial and final proposal and project budgets.
 Contribute to advancing innovations in operational assessment programs.
 Manage staff and budgets for research project and grants.
 Mentor junior staff, including research assistants and interns, guiding their work, providing counsel, and facilitating collaboration.
 Participate in dissemination activities by publishing papers in peer-reviewed journals and in the ETS Research Report series; issuing progress and technical reports; presenting seminars at major conferences and at ETS; or using other appropriate communication platforms (e.g., social media or books and chapters) that impact practice in the field or at ETS.
 Develop professional relationships as a representative, consultant or advisor to external advisory and policy boards and councils, research organizations, educational institutions and educators.
 Provide professional leadership in and foster collaboration within the research community at large.
 
 Required Experience: 
Education, Certifications, or Special Licenses: 
A Ph.D. or a Doctorate in statistics, psychometrics, educational measurement, mathematics, computer science, or a related field is required.  Rank of the position (i.e., Junior, Full, or Senior) will be commensurate with years of progressively independent substantive research in the area of statistics, artificial intelligence, computer science, or education. Research experience applying skills to measurement, education or learning is preferred. Candidates must be skilled in modern computer programming and be able to work effectively as a research team member.
 Other Requirements: 
Next generation psychometrics for assessment and learning 
Some combination of the following: psychometrics, machine learning/AI, computational statistics, applied data science, systems engineering, data engineering, data visualization/graphic design, and software development
 Digital assessment design, validity and fairness 
Some combination of the following: theoretical psychometrics, educational measurement, fairness, validity, computational statistics, machine learning/AI, applied data science
 Advancing survey based group score assessments 
Some combination of the following: advanced psychometric modeling, computational statistics, numerical methods/programming, working with complex samples
 About ETS 
Headquartered in Princeton, NJ, ETS is the world’s premier educational measurement institution and a leader in educational research. As an innovator in developing achievement and occupational tests for clients in business, education, and government, we are determined to advance educational excellence for the communities we serve.
 EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of Women and Minorities. 
EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. 
EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is a Drug-free workplace. 
 From: Educational Testing Service Educational Testing Service (ETS) 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Educational Testing Service in Remote Research Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Educational Testing Service (ETS) Educational Testing Service (ETS) 431 reviews We believe in the life-changing power of learning. For the last 70 years, we’ve been driven by a vision of what’s possible when all peopl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
