
 
 
 
 IT Senior Software Tester - Remote - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Senior Software Tester - Remote Mayo Clinic 2,295 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Remote Mayo Clinic 2,295 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Information Technology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career! 
The Radiology System Unit is seeking a Sr. Software tester to join our team supporting Radiology Artificial Intelligence efforts at Mayo Clinic. Responsibilities include testing of AI algorithms and software developed to support AI algorithms, help support test libraries for validation of the algorithms, the test infrastructure for executing the algorithms, workflow testing for both AI and data analysis workflows, documentation of requirements and testing and automation of test result reporting. The successful candidate will possess a background in software testing and quality assurance including: working closely with clinical staff and quality management, testing methodologies, testing automation and working in the bounds of a quality management system environment, requirements documentation. Able to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.
 Position description 
This is a full time remote position within the United States. 
This position provides software quality assurance services for projects and systems. Oversees the maturation of a work unit(s) development methodologies and confirms regulatory compliance as it applies to software support for the business areas served. Supports the development of deliverables, defines and analyzes product validation for new and/or modified applications. Investigates operational and process problems in conjunction with other engineering and technical personnel. Serves as quality subject matter expert across each regulatory body and team methodology and acts as a consultant to colleagues and customers. 
Guides and directs lower level personnel on the set up and performance of quality controls; may participate in performance reviews of subordinate personnel. Devises and applies quality controls for in-house and vended product. Participates in the development, maintenance, and refinement of internal quality control and reliability programs. May need to develop test library and scripts in test management tools. (e.g. Quality Center). 
Mayo Clinic will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position. 
Qualifications 
A Bachelor of Science degree and 2 years of professional experience in software or quality management; 
or an Associate's degree and 4 years of professional experience in software or quality management; 
or 9 years of professional experience in software or quality management. Strong background in productivity software: e.g. Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and browsers. 
Authorization to work and remain in the United States, without necessity for Mayo Clinic sponsorship now, or in the future (for example, be a U.S. Citizen, national, or permanent resident, refugee, or asylee). 
Additional qualifications 
Experience working closely with clinical staff and quality management, testing methodologies, testing automation and working in the bounds of a quality management system environment, requirements documentation. Able to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.
 Relevant medical pharmaceutical, laboratory or regulatory (i.e financial or clinical) experience is preferred. Knowledge of test management tools desired. (e.g., Quality Center). Possesses and applies a broad knowledge of principles, practices, and procedures across fields of specialization (software development, quality assurance, testing, auditing, configuration management, regulatory affairs) to complete difficult assignments. Possess strong analytical skills, excellent documentation skills and an ability to interact with people at all levels. Must be Self-directed and make decisions appropriate for the business and technical environment. Demonstrates strong project management skills. Experienced in analyzing and advising for optimum usage of common software documentation, problem management and version management tools as they apply to test execution and management. Experienced in analyzing and advising on software development documentation techniques. Demonstrated understanding of software development lifecycles as they relates to product verification and validation. Able to gain an understanding of the applicable systems, industry and regulatory practices and procedures as they relate to product risk assessment. Demonstrated knowledge of quality assurance practices and demonstrated effort to implement suitable practices. Will be required to communicate with a wide range of audiences (i.e., technical and business). 
License or certification 
Certification and/or training in ISO Service Management, CSTP, or ITIL desired. 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $3,171.20-$4,439.20 based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
Full Time 
Schedule details 
Monday through Friday. Occasional night and weekend work for support and installation. 
Weekend schedule 
See Schedule Details. 
Site description 
This vacancy may be open to full time telework candidates within the U.S./ reasonable travel to a Mayo facility if ever a business need/ meeting or client-facing. Mayo Clinic has facilities in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Arizona, and Florida. 
Category 
IT and Engineering 
Career profile 
Information Technology 
Job posting number 
152010BR 
Recruiter 
Ted Keefe 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Test Engineer jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Senior Software Test Engineer salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,295 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
