
 
 
 
 Strategic Workforce Intelligence Analyst - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Strategic Workforce Intelligence Analyst Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 291461 
We are seeking a Strategic Workforce Intelligence Analyst who excel in employing a combination of global talent market and industry research as well as internal talent data to provide valuable talent and market insights. This role works closely with Talent Advisors and leaders to deliver relevant data and proposals that influence talent strategies. Successful candidate will lead and run talent market research unique to each business units that may span a variety of geographies with differing strategic goals and business requirements.
 What to Expect 
A trusted advisor to senior Business and People Leaders on talent insights to help the business make intelligent workforce decisions. 
Assess talent footprint, perform location studies and competitor analysis to recommend long term business talent build or buy strategy. 
Gather, analyze and generate insights relating to talents market in the similar industry. 
Collaborate with talent sourcers/ advisors to understand unique hiring needs to provide recommendations that directly impact front-of-funnel activities. 
Evaluate effectiveness of research over time via feedback loops or assessing performance metrics and adjust approaches as needed. 
Act as an internal advisor / consultant to Talent Acquisition with respect to their analytics needs. 
Act as a data and insights enabler to support the team in achieving data literacy and self-serve their own insights requirements.
 Developing forward looking analytics & insights – recommending and employing different techniques to optimize talent pipeline. 
Develop and continuously embrace an innovative approach to position the Strategic Workforce team to be a strategic trusted partner within the business ecosystem. 
How to Succeed:
 Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent professional experience. 
Understanding of the recruitment life cycle with particular expertise in both passive and active sourcing. 
Proficient in market mapping, mining data and generating insights from various databases and external sources. 
Proficient Excel skills (running and creating functions, pivot tables, charts, etc.) that enables the extraction and processing of data. 
Sound decision quality and makes decisions through data metrics and processes. 
Solid sense of ownership; ability to take responsibility for the full lifecycle of projects from proposal to delivery. 
Demonstrable track record to establish and maintain effective relationships, and work effectively with teams from different fields. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills, ability to communicate sophisticated analysis in a succinct and impactful manner. 
Flexible with job responsibilities and take the initiative to assume added responsibilities. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Human Resources || #LI-MT1 || Tier 4 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Intelligence Analyst salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
