
 
 
 
 Audio AI Engineer - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Audio AI Engineer Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 5 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Remote Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
 We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
 What You’ll Be Doing:
 Design and implement machine learning models on front end audio tasks to improve audio quality in Zoom’s online meeting (e.g. Noise Suppression, Voice Activity Detection, Speaker Recognition
 Handle large amounts of audio data
 Adapt machine learning and neural network algorithms and architectures to best fit the real-time requirement
 Partner closely with other audio engineers to test and deploy machine learning models
 Qualifications:
 Bachelor's degree in EE, CS or related technical field with 10+ years of relevant working experience
 Enthusiastic in applying Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence Algorithms to Audio/DSP related tasks
 Familiar with one or more deep learning toolkits (e.g. Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch)
 Ability to run experiments scientifically and analyze results
 Experience with one or more general-purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Python, C/C++ or Java
 Bonus Qualifications:
 Masters or Ph.D Degree in EE, CS or related technical field
 3+ years of work experience or Ph.D degree in Machine Learning or digital signal processing
 5+ years industry experience with specialization in digital signal processing, machine learning or ASR
 Hands-on experience in deep learning model optimization like quantization, neural architecture search, pruning Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Audio Engineer jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Zoom Video Communications in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Audio Engineer salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 5 reviews Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out on a mission to make video communications frictionless ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
