
 
 
 
 Head of Commercial Strategy - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Commercial Strategy DISCO Texas Remote Your Impact
 
Think about the category creators that have come before...each new vertical technology leader has done so by enabling a scalable commercial strategy that allows for growth without slowing down market momentum. Few have gotten it right and most of those companies are no longer leaders, losing to the ones who did. Commercial strategy is a linchpin component of a technology organization and we believe that this is one of the most high impact roles we can hire for. If you are someone who wants to have driven hyper-scale category creation and superior economic performance in your list of been there, done that, then we are looking to speak with you.
 What You'll Do
 
Own the creation of a multi-year pricing roadmap that is aligned with the solution, product, technology and services roadmaps focusing on how DISCO creates value for partners and customers by rewarding mutual investment.
 Develop pricing strategies that focus on the designing and creating scalable models that drive growth, while understanding of competitive threats and opportunities and revenue yield.
 Implement and measure overall pricing and monetization strategies for new/existing products across a diverse and evolving customer base where segmented market penetration will be critically important.
 Translate pricing strategies into system and process compatible deliverables to support implementation and execution. Understand what works, what doesn't and why.
 Provide and refine governance on regular pricing and process updates.
 Devise automated and scalable means of measuring pricing performance.
 Contribute to future product definition and direction, establishing pricing and packaging strategies aligned to the product life cycle stages (introduction, scaling, optimization).
 Identify and implement improvements in data infrastructure and reporting that will support more sophisticated pricing decisions.
 Visualize, interpret and present the results of measurements/analyses to relevant stakeholders, including both tactical and strategic recommendations.
 Lead and develop a world-class team by acting with integrity, embodying and cascading our DISCO vision and values.
 Leverage your team's strengths and create team practices that drive collaboration in order to maximize engagement, a sense of belonging, and performance. Build the next generation of DISCO leaders; create space for continuous organizational learning needed for disruption, innovation, and growth to happen.
 
Who You Are
 
Want to be a builder.
 10+ years of B2B pricing, systems and governance.
 Experience in end-to-end change management in pricing.
 From a company with experience in portfolio-based pricing.
 Strong financial modeling and analytical skills.
 Work well with ambiguity.
 Proven track record for partnering cross-functionally to ensure strategic integrity for execution.
 
Even Better If You Have…
 
An MBA.
 Consulting experience that included operational execution.
 Pricing governance process design experience.
 About DISCO
 
DISCO is a recognized leader in legal technology. Founded in 2013, DISCO's mission is to create great technology to modernize the practice of law. Our solutions apply artificial intelligence and cloud computing to help lawyers and legal teams improve legal outcomes for their clients. Corporate legal departments, law firms, and government agencies around the world use DISCO for ediscovery, case management, compliance, disputes, and investigations.
 
DISCO recently raised $100 million, for a total of $235 million in venture capital. The company's valuation is $785 million -- a demonstration of investor confidence in legaltech as a category of enterprise cloud computing, and a validation that DISCO is disrupting the broader cloud computing industry. We are using our investment to enhance our cloud technology platform and AI-powered products and services, and to continue to expand our presence outside of North America.
 
Are you ready to revolutionize the practice of law? Join us!
 Perks of DISCO
 
Open, inclusive, and fun environment
 Benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as 401(k) (EU coming soon)
 Competitive salary plus stock options
 Flexible PTO
 Opportunity to be a part of a company that is revolutionizing the legal industry
 Growth opportunities throughout the company
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Disco 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at DISCO in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from DISCO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
