
 
 
 
 Retrieving data - Universal City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Retrieving data Capgemini 8,229 reviews Universal City, CA Capgemini 8,229 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
At least 5 years' experience in SAP IS-U Device Management Module implementation and support with 2-3 Full Life Cycle implementations. 
Know how to prepare functional specification documents and/or business Design Documents, test cases 
Experience in deploying and leading teams in the deployment of the SAP IS-U Device Management module in electric utilities, including experience in Head End systems and MDM/R integrations. 
Solution design, configuration and testing for business process scope including meter shop (inventory, testing, inspections), routes and consumption reads, read uploads to Billing, integration to back end work management for work assignment(s). 
In depth knowledge of the Technical Master Data model and DM configuration in supporting design / build activities with integration to Billing master data. 
Extensive experience in integrated and parallel testing planning and execution for batch job processing and exceptions. 
Hands on experience in designing BI reports related to various Device Management processes. 
Working knowledge of integration with Meter Data Management and/or Head End standard and AMI systems/networks is preferred. 
Good understanding on Integration to other SAP and Non-SAP systems 
Good communication skills, works independently and at least 3 years of customer facing role. 
SAP certification preferred 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Universal City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,229 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
