
 
 
 
 Technical Writer - Analytics - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Writer - Analytics Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,428 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,428 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Degree in English, technical writing, computer science or a related field. 
 Experience working with an object-oriented programming language, scripting languages, and SQL. 
 Experience designing and delivering technical documentation. 
 Experience using and following editorial standards, such as a style guide. 
 Experience using documentation tools to write, format, manage, and publish high-quality content. 
 Experience working with XML-based publishing systems. 
 
The AWS Documentation team plays a key role in helping our customers to get started quickly, ensuring that the technical details of our products are clearly described and easy to understand.
 
We’re looking for a technical writer who's passionate about processing and analyzing streaming data - in real-time, and at any scale. You'll write content that describes how to collect streaming data from video, audio, application logs, website clickstreams, and telemetry - and how to process this data, instantly, as it arrives. AWS customers use our streaming solutions to build applications for machine learning, analytics, Internet of things (IoT), and much more.
 
As a technical writer, you’ll not only develop how-to’s, reference, and in-depth conceptual documentation for new features, you’ll also help shape the design of service features, user interfaces, and APIs. Our writers work directly with development teams in a fast-paced, fluid environment. You'll also work directly with customers to continuously improve existing documentation.
 
At AWS, you'll work directly with development teams in a cross-functional, distributed environment. You'll need a technical background that enables you to work effectively with software development engineers, product managers and program managers. In addition, you'll need excellent communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to deliver high-quality technical publications.
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Drive documentation planning with engineering teams 
 Follow our style guides and standards to deliver high-quality content for AWS customers 
 Write or edit sample queries and command line examples 
 
** For more information on AWS, visit http://aws.amazon.com. **
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 A minimum of 1 year of experience as a technical writer in a relevant field. 
 Experience with cloud computing, web services, IaaS, PaaS, or related areas. 
 Experience working with Java 
 Experience working with agile project management methodologies. 
 Experience working with git and GitHub. 
 Experience working directly with engineering teams. 
 Strong attention to detail. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
 Strong interpersonal skills. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Writer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Technical Writer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,428 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
