
 
 
 
 Senior IT Audit Manager – Artificial Intelligence and Robotic Process - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior IT Audit Manager – Artificial Intelligence and Robotic Process UBS 2,138 reviews New York, NY UBS 2,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description United States - Connecticut, United States - New Jersey, United States - New York 
 Audit 
 Group Functions
 Job Reference # 
 226000BR 
 City 
 New York, Stamford, Weehawken 
 Job Type 
 Full Time
 Your role 
 Are you a sharp evaluator of risk? Can you investigate complex situations and propose solutions? 
 
We’re looking for someone like that who can: 
 drive or work as a team member on reviews and audits of specific business areas (make this specific if there are specific areas of coverage), including thematic and front-to-back conduct reviews and audits of specific business areas, provide practical, innovative and value-added solutions to issues identified manage complex audits and lead audit teams across different regions analyze and assess operational and IT risks (cyber security and resiliency, data protection and confidentiality, technology change, technology reliability) assumed by both the business and support functions identify and evaluate the effectiveness of controls designed to address those risks
 document and communicate audit issues, root causes and risks, and prepare reports of audit findings for UBS management prepare reports of audit findings for UBS management, monitor the results, risk profile and developments across GIA network and provide input for planning sessions 
 Your Career Comeback 
 We are open to applications from career returners. Find out more about our program on ubs.com/careercomeback. 
 Your team 
 You will be working in Group Internal Audit (GIA) Team in Singapore, Switzerland, UK or US. GIA is an independent function that supports UBS in achieving its strategic, operational, financial and compliance objectives. We do this by assessing key processes as well as governance, risk management, and the control environment within all business divisions and Group Functions (GF) functions globally. We are independent in our work and report directly to the Chairman of the Board and the Audit Committee. 
We are a talent powerhouse that attracts and develops the best people by driving career growth in and outside the department. Our team IT Audit organization is responsible for auditing technology globally. In your role, you will be covering in particular audits related to artificial intelligence (AI) and robotic process automation (RPA) as well as other technology related risks. 
 Your expertise 
 a four year bachelors degree or the international equivalent in information security or computer engineering or a related field (Masters Degree a plus) ideally 8 years of experience in IT audit, IT security or IT risk management (preferable within the financial industry) This experience could have been gained at a consulting firm or in an internal audit function recognized IT security certifications like for example Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) and Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH), Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP), Cybersecurity Fundamentals Certificate (CSX), Cybersecurity Practitioner (CSX-P), AI or Machine Learning Certifications. a detailed understanding and hands-on experience in intelligence (AI) and robotic process automation (RPA) focusing on machine learning, attended and unattended bot services and human-machine integration/interactions/decision-support. strong analytical skills and quantitative approach to problem solving willingness to keep up with industry, regulatory developments and learn new concepts and methods ability to effectively communicate with the business fluent in English with excellent verbal and written skills 
 LI-UBS 
 About us 
 Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world. 
 
We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us? 
 Join us 
 We're a truly global, collaborative and friendly group of people. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance. If this sounds interesting, apply now. 
 Disclaimer / Policy Statements 
 UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce. UBS 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior IT Auditor jobs in New York, NY Jobs at UBS in New York, NY Senior IT Auditor salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from UBS UBS 2,138 reviews UBS works with private clients, institutions and corporations around the world to help answer some of life's questions – whether through ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
