
 
 
 
 Network Engineer - Entry level - New York, NY 10016 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Network Engineer - Entry level Verizon 28,848 reviews New York, NY 10016 Verizon 28,848 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 Join Verizon as we continue to expand our industry-leading network to improve the ways people, businesses, and things connect. Verizon is positioned to lead the “Fourth Industrial Revolution” (4IR) with the emergence of technologies like our best-in-class 5G network and the Internet of Things (IoT) to impact a wide variety of industries such as healthcare, education, manufacturing, public safety, government, and many others. We are in the midst of historic breakthroughs in connectivity and mobility to blend the physical and the digital through ground breaking technologies such as virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, nanotechnologies, 3D printing, wearables, and advanced robotics. As part of this team, you will play a critical role in our network transformation through building a unified network across all lines of business and maintaining the technology that keeps millions of our customers connected. 
You will support Verizon’s Intelligent Edge Network (iEN) encompassing Unified Transport, Next Generation Passive Optical Network v.2 (NGPON2), Multi-Service Edge, Base Network Controller, IP Routing, SDN/NFV, and Converged Core technologies. You will be empowered with an opportunity to impact how we develop the next generation Global Technology that Verizon supplies! We are deploying millions of miles of fiber that will build the blueprint for what it means to have a truly resilient Edge Network. The iEN Team is dedicated to evolving operations to meet the demands of running the network of tomorrow. 
Handling phone calls to respond to network alarms and events for proactive network monitoring. 
Managing trouble tickets, outage communications, and process escalations for internal and external customers. 
Generating, driving, and updating trouble tickets via internal ticketing system. 
Performing fault isolation, triaging, and repairing network events to ensure the health of our network. 
Working with external and internal Verizon organizations to coordinate and troubleshoot network events. 
Providing network technical assistance to external teams by communicating technical details to customer service centers, technical support organizations, and executive management teams during network events and major outages. 
Improve automation through scripting and robotics process automation (RPA) to improve team functions and efficiency. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You enjoy digging into the details to find solutions and can adapt easily to various challenges as an agile thinker. Collaborating and communicating with others comes naturally to you. Not only are you a great listener, but you know how to ask the right questions to get to the root cause of an issue. 
You’ll need to have: 
Associates degree or higher or one or more years of work experience. 
A Valid driver's license. 
Even better if you have one or more of the following: 
A degree in engineering or equivalent discipline. 
Familiarity with Synchronis Data Link Control (SDLC) concepts and methodologies, supporting automation initiatives and process improvements. 
Knowledge of Cloud and Virtualized solutions (OpenStack/VMWare). 
Network Operations Center experience. 
Scripting with Python, No-JS, Perl, or equivalent languages. 
IP networking certifications. 
Experience driving automation initiatives. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Network Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Verizon in New York, NY Network Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,848 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
