
 
 
 
 Asst Group Leader - Artificial Intelligence Technology - Lexington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Asst Group Leader - Artificial Intelligence Technology MIT Lincoln Laboratory 104 reviews Lexington, MA MIT Lincoln Laboratory 104 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job Summary 
 Group 01, Artificial Intelligence (AI) Technology, is seeking an Assistant Group Leader to participate in research and development focused on Lincoln Laboratory’s contributions to AI in support of national security. Group 01 develops fundamental, cross-cutting, and enabling AI technologies to solve complex challenges and advance AI for the nation. In close collaboration with groups across the Laboratory and with the academic community, especially MIT, our research team is working at the frontier in AI research. 
 
 The successful candidate will join the Group office team to lead advanced AI development efforts – both fundamental cross-cutting AI technologies as well as applied technology to support a variety of DoD/IC mission areas. This includes working closely with academic collaborators, including MIT. 
 
Primary Resposibilities 
 Technology Leadership 
 Utilize deep knowledge of AI and advanced analytics to set technical direction for research and shape a portfolio of cutting edge AI program work aligned with the research areas in the group – including AI-driven design for science and engineering, Reliable and Responsible AI, AI test and evaluation methodologies, counter-AI techniques, reinforcement learning and autonomy, complex decision-making, multimodal learning, and network science.
 Develop technology roadmaps and identify opportunities to apply new AI technologies (or existing technologies in new ways) to address national security problems 
 Maintain current knowledge on technical advances in the government and academic research communities, as well as current industry capabilities 
 
 Program Development 
 Provide vision and contribute strongly to the development of the Group’s strategic plan, and develop new programs with national-level AI sponsors consistent with that plan.
 Collaborate with other groups across mission areas on AI program development 
 Identify potential funding sources, develop program plans, lead program execution, and transfer intellectual property to the industrial base or directly into government operations.
 Sustain and build close relationships with sponsors and with users and potential users of AI technology 
 Maintain awareness of major national AI initiatives, roadmaps, and overall “lay of the land.”
 Provide awareness of the Laboratory’s efforts to sponsors, internal and external collaborators and offices, academia, and industry teams. 
 Primary Responsibilities con't 
 Staff Development 
 Help define staff career progression and success criteria consistent with the group’s unique business model
 Mentor and guide staff in steps towards achieving personal goals and group objectives 
 Contribute to semi-annual goals process, the annual review and appraisal process.
 Promote the Group, Division, Laboratory, and MIT culture through commitment to diversity and inclusion, technical excellence, and collaboration, including collaboration with MIT campus and military members assigned to the group. 
 
 Other Responsibilities 
 Assist with Group operations, such as financial management (including purchasing and time allocation/approval), resource planning (including facilities, data corpora, and equipment), and information handling and dissemination (including release review, NDAs, and data archives).
 Contribute broadly to AI education efforts across the Lab 
 Support coordination of the annual Recent Advances in AI for National Security (RAAINS) Workshop, Human Machine Collaboration (HMC) Workshop, GraphEx Workshop, and other related workshops. 
 Participate in Technology Office and Line initiatives, studies, and committees as needed. 
 Qualifications 
 Technical degree in computer science, mathematics, engineering, related degree, or work experience. MS or equivalent experience required, PhD highly desirable.
 Demonstrated technical excellence as evidenced by publications or inventions 
 Demonstrate innovation, flexibility, willingness to experiment with group model and new ways of doing business 
 A minimum of 5 years of leadership, overseeing relevant technical programs. A minimum of 10 years of applicable experience and active participation in relevant technical programs is highly desired. 
 Demonstrated ability to work with government sponsors and proven ability to develop new programs is highly desired.
 Successful track record of cross-Group and cross-Division collaborations 
 Previous success at handling numerous programs simultaneously.
 Demonstrated experience with recruiting and hiring top quality technical staff. 
 For Benefits Information, click http://hrweb.mit.edu/benefits 
 
 Selected candidate will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level DoD security clearance. 
 
 MIT Lincoln Laboratory is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or genetic information; U.S. citizenship is required. 
 
 Requisition ID:  33227 MIT Lincoln Laboratory 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Group Leader jobs in Lexington, MA Jobs at MIT Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, MA Group Leader salaries in Lexington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT Lincoln Laboratory MIT Lincoln Laboratory 104 reviews MIT Lincoln Laboratory, headquartered in Lexington, MA, is a U.S. Department of Defense research and development center chartered to appl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
