
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Lead, eCommerce - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Lead, eCommerce Unilever 7,302 reviews Seattle, WA Unilever 7,302 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Background & Purpose of the Job 
About half of all purchase decisions are digitally influenced. With the ability to link any digital moment right through to purchase in the Connected World, data becomes the key to unlocking new growth opportunities. Unilever ecommerce sales will depend heavily on influencing shoppers to start shopping online more frequently, making larger purchases and buying from a broader array of Unilever categories. 
The objective of smart data is to enable Unilever business teams to create a mutually-profitable and high-growth business with ecommerce retailers.
 To excel in this role, you must have passion, proven credentials of driving “data driven” growth and be able to get into the details of the analysis. You will work closely with a team of data scientists and technology teams. This is a great opportunity for someone, who wants to be a part of an aggressive data-driven growth agenda, to leverage the latest capabilities of machine learning, robotic process automations and artificial intelligence to make a big impact and leave a positive legacy for Unilever. 
Still interested? Great! Keep reading to learn what else makes this opportunity unique. 
Who You Are & What You’ll Do 
Your mantra is “data-driven” growth:  You believe that data is Unilever’s greatest asset – it drives growth, transforms companies and is the biggest bet against disruption. You will need to: 
Get into the details of data, basic modelling and forecasting 
Develop performance management systems (Business Intelligence) and analytics for “speed & growth” 
Automate and scale with IT teams 
You are passionate about ecommerce:  You believe that ecommerce is not only transforming the way people shop and interact with our brands, it’s an influential media vehicle with future path-breaking capabilities 
You are a self-starter:  You love working with ambiguity, developing new solutions and challenging the immune systems within corporation 
You love building out your own analytics “apps”:  You are not happy with black boxes or check boxes – you like to create your own applications using visual analytics, modelling and technology. You love to invent, simplify and automate 
You are a teacher, a guru:  You can make the most complex things easy to understand and you thrive on training people on new techniques and tools 
You know if it’s not real-time, it’s probably too late:  You believe in process automation, assisted and predictive decision making 
Primary Responsibilities: Create and manage "Performance Management" systems for Amazon and Walmart.com Lead innovations on data-driven investment optimization and operational efficiency (availability) Embed and manage smart data analytics tools Continuously evaluate and embed data tools for U.S. Amazon team Develop Machine Learning solutions with external vendors and Customer Development IT team Collaborate with Ecommerce Category Management team Work with the Global Smart Data team to contribute to learning networks 
What You’ll Need To Succeed 
Bachelor’s degree in marketing, statistics or related field (Master’s degree preferred) 
A minimum of 6-8 years of experience in statistical modelling, creating analytics frameworks for retail or ecommerce 
A deep understanding of the ecommerce shopper journey – demand creation through media, demand capture, winning portfolio and demand fulfilment 
Robust experience partnering with analytics agencies and ecommerce business teams to deliver analytics solutions, including data management, forecasting, optimization, predictive modelling and visualization; experience with machine learning a major plus 
Good understanding of financial metrics, pricing, return on investment and promo evaluations 
Working knowledge of IT data warehousing and data sources along with experience in marketing automation. 
Working knowledge of digital media, search and investment optimization 
What We Can Offer You 
Culture for Growth  |  Top Notch Employee Health & Well Being Benefits  |  Every Voice Matters  |  Global Reach  |  Life at Unilever  |  Careers with Purpose  |  World Class Career Development Programs  |  Check Out Our Space  |  Focus On Sustainability 
- 
Unilever is an organization committed to diversity and inclusion to drive our business results and create a better future every day for our diverse employees, global consumers, partners, and communities. We believe a diverse workforce allows us to match our growth ambitions and drive inclusion across the business. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics by federal, state, or local law. For more information, please seeEqual Employment Opportunity Posters 
 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities 
 
Employment is subject to verification of pre-screening tests, which may include drug screening, background check, credit check and DMV check. 
If you are an individual with a disability in need of assistance at any time during our recruitment process, please contact us at NA.Accommodations@unilever.com. Please note: This email is reserved for individuals with disabilities in need of assistance and is not a means of inquiry about positions or application statuses. Unilever 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Unilever in Seattle, WA Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Unilever Unilever 7,302 reviews Be part of the world’s most successful, purpose-led business. Work with brands that are well-loved around the world, that improve the liv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
