
 
 
 
 Community Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Community Manager Driverbase United States Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Driverbase Inc. is an independent, data-driven car search platform. Our mission is to deliver a better car search experience. Driverbase has compiled vehicle information and implemented artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques to calculate the optimal vehicle recommendations for every driver.
 Culture & Benefits
 
Our team members are compensated with competitive $, %, benefits and remote employment flexibility. Our distributed working environment increases employee satisfaction while allowing Driverbase to recruit exceptional candidates throughout the United States.
 Responsibilities
 
Our culture is agile and open. As a distributed team, we put a heavy emphasis on clear communications, collaboration and iteration, within the team and throughout the company. Our team members have the opportunity to make a large and immediate impact on the future of our company.
 
Lead community development initiatives for driver, dealership and oem stakeholders
 
Develop highly scalable customer service initiatives that enhance the Driverbase marketplace experience
 
Apply expert knowledge of the automotive industry and exceed service level agreement objectives.
 
Adapt existing business processes to enable rapid and sustained growth.
 
Skills & Requirements
 
Candidates should be capable of operating independently and making sound decisions, and happy to accept both the responsibility for and the accolades associated with acquiring and maintaining a customer portfolio.
 
Bachelors Degree (Masters preferred)
 
3+ years of experience providing customer service for web applications and services
 
Expert-level knowledge of automotive, marketplaces, consumer technology, performance marketing, sales, and customer service
 
Strong problem-solving skills
 
Strong communication and collaboration skills
 
Strong understanding of the car buying journey
 
Familiarity with Agile development processes, Scrum, etc.
 
Ability to participate in all aspects of the customer lifecycle; from acquisition, to onboarding, relationship management, and retention.
 
Ability to work independently without constant supervision, and to contribute effectively as part of a distributed team Driverbase 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Community Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Driverbase in United States Community Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Driverbase Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
