
 
 
 
 Python Quantitative Engineer for Athena - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Python Quantitative Engineer for Athena JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,605 reviews New York, NY JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,605 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Athena is a cross-asset platform transforming technology at JP Morgan. It delivers innovative and efficient applications to a wide range of the firm's businesses, including sales, trading, operations, risk and research. Athena combined the best of open source technologies with innovative components developed internally, which gives you the ability to contribute to a wide range of exciting projects. Our developers enjoy working with front office, quants and other technology teams. 
Required skills and experience: 
Strong development skills in Python or other object oriented languages 
 Experience developing applications on cloud platforms such as AWS 
 Experience working with and developing APIs 
 Experience building high performance, highly available and scalable systems 
 Database technologies including both relational and NoSQL
 Strong SDLC mindset and familiarity with agile paradigms 
 Excellent problem solving skills 
 Comfortable working across different platforms and languages 
 
 Desired skills: 
 
Some experience with ML libraries such as Tensorflow, Keras and PyTorch 
 Experience working in Jupyter Notebooks 
 Experience working with ML models in AWS SageMaker
 
 Cloud & ML/AI strategy: 
J.P. Morgan Chase has made a strategic decision to fundamentally transform its operations through the adoption of artificial intelligence and machine learning at scale. At J.P. Morgan, adopting cloud technologies helps us become more agile, more secure and more efficient. Please see here a recording of Lori Beer, CIO of J.P. Morgan Chase, speaking during the AWS re:Invent 2020 keynote on using AWS to modernize and innovate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eEQJ9fg0y0 . J.P. Morgan Chase is leveraging many of the capabilities available in AWS including advanced AI and analytics functions. For example, we are using AWS Elastic Kubernetes Services (EKS) for risk calculations. Rapid innovation in machine learning is facilitated through our J.P. Morgan developed platform OmniAI which uses AWS SageMaker to build machine learning models.
 About J.P. Morgan Corporate & Investment Bank: 
J.P. Morgan's Corporate & Investment Bank is a global leader across banking, markets, securities services and wholesale payments. The world's most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. The Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Python Developer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Python Developer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,605 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
