
 
 
 
 3D Motion Designer/Animator & 3D Generalist - Dallas, TX 75226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search 3D Motion Designer/Animator & 3D Generalist Groove Jones LLC Dallas, TX 75226 Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Groove Jones is a creative technology company that produces next-generation experiences for world-class brands. We are best known for our award-winning work in AR (Augmented Reality), VR (Virtual Reality), ML (Machine Learning), and AI (Artificial Intelligence) Application development. 
 Are you a MacGyver 3D artist that loves to design anything thrown at them? We are looking to work with you! You will work with producers and clients to technically execute production of interactive experiences in a fast-paced multi-media studio. This includes being familiar with all aspects of motion design, compositing and 3D animation. You should be a master in a 3D program of your choice (Cinema 4D, Blender, and/or Maya), After Effects, Illustrator and Photoshop. You will work with our artists to create interactive marketing projects from AR apps to VR videos, and assist the team where ever needed. You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment where you will have to quickly iterate on your designs – you are not afraid to jump in and get their hands dirty. You should be highly organized with a strong attention to detail, and an insatiable appetite to research, learn and test you knowledge and skills to build things that haven’t been done before. Strong communication skills and ability to receive constructive feedback is necessary. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Bachelor's Degree in Fine Art, Graphic Design, Television/Film, or Related Field 
 Fluent in Cinema 4D, Blender, or Maya for modeling and animation 
 Strong compositing skills 
 Passionate about AR & VR 
 -Experience with Adobe Creative Suite ( Premiere, Illustrator,After Effects, Photoshop) - specifically After Effects 
 Expert in designing 3D graphics and implementing into digital products Groove Jones LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job 3d Animator jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Groove Jones in Dallas, TX 3d Animator salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Groove Jones LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
