
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Scientist - New York, NY 10027 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Scientist Columbia University 1,111 reviews New York, NY 10027 Columbia University 1,111 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Center for Sustainable Development (CSD) in the Earth Institute at Columbia University invites applicants for a Post-Doctoral Research Scientist position to engage in research on the impact and challenges of technologies health ecosystems and infrastructures. This appointment is full-time and located at the Columbia University Morningside campus. 
 
The Postdoctoral Research Scientist will report to and collaborate with the Assistant Professor of Global Health and Microbiological Sciences (in Pediatrics and in the Earth Institute) at the Columbia University Medical Center | Executive Director of the Center for Sustainable Development (CSD) on the Digital Health research project at CSD. The Postdoctoral Research Scientist will work closely with the mentor and Principal Investigator, Prof. Ben Amor to engage in research on the impact and challenges of technologies such as robotics, Artificial Intelligence, Spatial Computing and Big Data on the health ecosystems, particularly in settings where the health systems infrastructure may not be mature, such as sub-Saharan Africa, parts of India and the Middle East. 
 
Based in New York City, the Postdoctoral Research Scientist will work with the mentor/PI to conduct research and analyze data to identify key promising technologies and platforms in the Digital Health realm and assist with stakeholders engagement with local partners, design and implementation of validation studies and data collection and analysis. 
 
 Minimum Degree Required 
 PhD 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 A PhD in Digital Health, Informatics, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or related/relevant field. Must possess excellent written and verbal skills in English, and excellent organizational skills.
 A proven track record of delivering and meeting project deadlines is required 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Practical experience and technical expertise focusing on one or more areas of digital health listed below is preferred:
 
– Mobile medical apps, medical device interoperability, and healthcare cybersecurity 
– Digital therapeutics, machine learning, artificial intelligence and novel digital health technology or Digital health product development, software as a medical device 
– Big data and advanced analytics, cloud storage and computing and wireless communication. 
 
 Additional Information 
 The start date for this position is flexible however a start date ideally not later than mid July timeframe is preferable. 
 
Appointment will be for 1 year, with continuation pending funding and progress. 
 
Search will remain open for at least 30 days after the ad appears and will continue until the position is filled. 
 
Columbia University benefits offered with this Officer of Research appointment. 
 
We accept online applications only. 
 
 RAPS posting date   06/01/2021 
 
 Search Closing Date 
 
 Special Instructions to the Applicant 
 Submit your application, including a cover letter, which should detail past research experience and future interests, current CV, and the names, phone numbers and email addresses of three references. 
 
 Proposed Start Date   07/15/2021 
 
 EEO Statement 
 Columbia University is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran 
 
 Review Begins Columbia University Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Columbia University in New York, NY Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbia University Columbia University 1,111 reviews Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learnin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
