
 
 
 
 AI Engineer - Orlando, FL 32819 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Engineer LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,594 reviews Orlando, FL 32819 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,594 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company When it comes to using cutting-edge machine learning to tackle complex problems, Lockheed Martin is driven by a singular mission focus and desire to continuously innovate. Today’s challenges to global security aren’t just changing – they’re accelerating faster than ever before. Through our dedication to our mission, our AI-enabled systems are changing the way militaries operate and protect their forces, the way first responders fight fires, and how researchers explore the far reaches of space and the ocean’s depths. 
 
Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control (LM MFC) is seeking an AI Engineer for an exciting position to be based in Orlando, FL that will support the Digital Transformation (DX) initiatives within our Quality Operations and Advanced Quality Technologies (AQT) team. 
 
This role will require a strong working knowledge in software engineering, artificial intelligence and machine learning to support the Advanced Quality and Digital Transformation project portfolio, focusing on a broad range of projects across the Digital Transformation.
 
The selected candidate will focus on the development of technologies and products that leverage Artificial Intelligence to provide discriminating capability to our customers. The selected candidate can expect to utilize current AI paradigms including computer vision, deep learning, and reinforcement learning, applying these techniques to solve complex problems and field innovative solutions. 
 
Must exhibit self-motivation, a strong work ethic, time management and interpersonal skills. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Ability to obtain a security clearance so must be a US Citizen. 
 
Basic Qualifications: 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience. Entry level. Experience using machine learning frameworks (Pytorch, Tensorflow, MxNet, Caffe, etc.) Experience with Python and multiple libraries (NumPy, OpenCV, Scikit, Pandas, etc.) Experience with C++, Java, GO, and other compiled languages 
Willing to travel as required. 
 Desired Skills: 
 Experience developing applications on Linux Familiarity with DevOps tools: Docker, Git [GitLab, GitHub], Continuous Integration [CI], Continuous Deployment [CD] Familiarity with modern Computer Vision Familiarity with high-performance computing Familiarity with network/messaging (UDP, ZeroMQ, RESTful API, etc.) Familiarity interfacing with databases (SQL, MongoDB, etc.) 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
4 yr and up College Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Orlando, FL Engineer salaries in Orlando, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,594 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
