
 
 
 
 SAP Project Manager w/ EHS - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP Project Manager w/ EHS Capgemini 8,229 reviews St. Louis, MO Capgemini 8,229 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :5+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Act as the bridge between the EHS department and business units. 
Monitor the project schedule, budget and deliverables. Track progress and review project tasks to make certain deadlines are met appropriately. 
Recognize problems or situations that are or may impact the project delivery. Facilitate the evaluation of alternatives and find solutions using a systematic, multi-step approach. 
Work cross-functionally to resolve issues, mitigate risks and implement changes. 
Analyze decisions and actions for their support of the project?s strategic direction. Work with senior management to escalate and resolve more complex issues and risks. 
Promote and maintain communication between project team members and stakeholders and manage expectations. Prepare correspondence, presentations and/or reports as required. Follow-up on correspondence and outstanding requests for resolution. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job SAP Project Manager jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Capgemini in St. Louis, MO SAP Project Manager salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,229 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
