
 
 
 
 Facilities Electrician - Manassas, VA 20110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Facilities Electrician Micron 1,041 reviews Manassas, VA 20110 Micron 1,041 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Req. ID: 268566 
Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Job Description 
As an Electrical Maintenance Technician at Micron Technology, Inc., you will be responsible for ensuring uninterrupted supply of electrical service for the site. This is accomplished through continuous improvement and development of skills associated with the electrical trade. In this role, you will support the installation, removal, and repair oh high and low voltage equipment. Additional responsibilities include: serving as a resource for engineering and operations, domain expert for internal customers, and maintaining accurate maintenance records for proper tracking. 
Responsibilities and Tasks 
Maintain Site Electrical Utilities and Systems 
Maintain protective relays and transformers in substations 
Maintain motor control centers 
Maintain, repair, replace contactors, relays, timers, fuses, heaters, SAMMs, and soft starters 
Maintain, repair, replace a variety of UPS units 
Maintain medium voltage starters 
Perform IR scans of equipment as scheduled or requested 
Author and perform switching orders 
Support Safety, Environmental, Health, and Security Standards 
Achieve and maintain 100% completion of assigned EHSS training 
Maintain emergency power system (generators, automatic switches) 
Follow electric safe work practices 
Review equipment installs 
Perform safety analysis (Job Hazard Analysis) as the need arises 
Be proactive in reducing incidents of personal injury, safety hazards, or environmental releases 
Develop Technical Skills, Knowledge, and Abilities 
Participate in provided vendor training 
Learn, understand, and follow manufactures recommendation 
Author, review, and update procedures 
Maintain VA state electrical license 
Set up and operate electrical data capturing devices such as Dranetz or Square D Power Logic 
Manage and Monitor the Installation of New Equipment 
Support new equipment evaluation and qualification. 
Execute lock out tag out to de-energize equipment for safe working conditions 
Monitor installations for compliance to codes and standards 
Participate in Continuous Improvement and Reliability Initiatives 
Suggest and perform upgrade obsolete equipment 
Participate in focus groups with engineering and other disciplines 
Participate in Total Productive Maintenance program 
Analyze equipment performance to evaluate efficiencies 
Maintain Equipment and System Maintenance Records 
Complete data logs in Maximo and other applications used for tracking maintenance 
Create presentations via Microsoft Office applications 
Review and update records relative to assets 
Handle the inventory of all FOUPs 
Education 
Required 
Certificate 
1-year technical trades program 
Desired 
License 
Journeyman Electrical License -or- Equivalent Military training 
Additional Information: 
Additional Certifications: Medium Voltage certification; CPR/First aid certified 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
Micron believes that all persons are entitled to equal employment opportunities. Micron recruits, hires, trains, promotes, disciplines and provides other conditions of employment without regard to a person’s race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity, or expression, age, national origin, disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, marital status or other classifications protected under law or Company policy. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members’ disabilities or religious beliefs and practices. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
We recruit, hire, train, promote, discipline and provide other conditions of employment without regard to a person's race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, pregnancy, veteran’s status, or other classifications protected under law. This includes providing reasonable accommodation for team members' disabilities or religious beliefs and practices. 
Each manager, supervisor and team member is responsible for carrying out this policy. The EEO Administrator in Human Resources is responsible for administration of this policy. The administrator will monitor compliance and is available to answer any questions on EEO matters. 
To request assistance with the application process, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  (or 208-368-4748). 
Keywords: Manassas || Virginia (US-VA) || United States (US) || Frontend Manufacturing || Experienced || Regular || Facilities/Site Services || #LI-JH1; Not Applicable || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Electrician jobs in Manassas, VA Jobs at Micron in Manassas, VA Electrician salaries in Manassas, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,041 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
