
 
 
 
 Quantitative Financial Analyst - Atlanta, GA 30308 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Financial Analyst Bank of America 30,287 reviews Atlanta, GA 30308 Bank of America 30,287 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
Overview of Global Risk Analytics 
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch has an opportunity for a Quantitative Finance Analyst (B5) within our Global Risk Analytics (GRA) function. GRA is a sub-line of business within Global Risk Management (GRM). GRA is responsible for developing a consistent and coherent set of models and analytical tools for effective risk and capital measurement, management and reporting across Bank of America. GRA partners with the Lines of Business and Enterprise functions to ensure that its models and analytics address both internal and regulatory requirements, such as quarterly Enterprise Stress Testing (EST), the annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), and the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) accounting standard. GRA models follow an iterative and ongoing development life cycle, as the bank responds to the changing nature of portfolios, economic conditions and emerging risks. In addition to model development, GRA conducts model implementation, data management, model execution and analysis, forecast administration, and model performance monitoring. GRA drives innovation, process improvement and automation across all of these activities. 
Overview of the Team 
Overview of Enterprise Risk Analytics 
 As a part of Global Risk Analytics (GRA), Enterprise Risk Analytics (ERA) is responsible for the development of cross-business holistic analytical models and tools. ERA consists of the following teams: 
Economic Scenario Generation (ESG) provides consistent and granular scenario generation capabilities for economic and market variables that enable multiple “what-if” outcomes for government regulators and other business uses. 
Enterprise Portfolio Analytics (EPA) provides portfolio surveillance visualization tools, utilizing advanced analytics (artificial intelligence/machine learning/natural language processing), to provide decision making support around the credit cycle, geo-intelligence, and thematic “what-if” analyses. EPA’s tools also support Enterprise strategic risk appetite and limits decisions for the bank’s risk and capital frameworks. 
Concentration Risk provides capital estimates to support annual regulatory requirements and legal entity-level capital management using tools and techniques focused on identification, measurement, and mitigation of concentration risks across countries, regions, sectors, and industries. 
Enterprise Capital Risk Analytics manages model performance monitoring and capital model issue resolution. 
Compliance Modelling & Analytics supports Enterprise needs around Fair Lending and Global Financial Crimes Compliance. 
Central Quantitative Group (CQG) provides sophisticated quantitative solutions for ERA clients. The group often partners with other teams within and outside GRA to provide these solutions. 
Overview of the Role 
As a Quantitative Finance Analyst on the Enterprise Risk Analytics team, your main responsibilities will involve: 
Applying quantitative methods to develop capabilities that meet line of business, risk management and regulatory requirements 
Maintaining and continuously enhancing capabilities over time to respond to the changing nature of portfolios, economic conditions and emerging risks 
Understanding and executing activities that form the end-to-end model development and use life cycle 
Clearly documenting and effectively communicating quantitative methods as part of ongoing engagement with key stakeholders, including the lines of business, risk managers, model validation, technology 
Position Overview 
 Responsible for independently conducting quantitative analytics and modeling projects. Responsible for developing new models, analytic processes or systems approaches. Creates documentation for all activities and works with Technology staff in design of any system to run models developed. Incumbents possess excellent quantitative/analytic skills and a broad knowledge of financial markets and products. 
Required Education, Skills, and Experience 
Graduate degree in quantitative discipline (e.g. Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, Finance, Physics) 
2+ years of experience in model development, statistical work, data analytics or quantitative research or PhD 
Strong Programming skills e.g. R, Python, SAS, SQL or other languages 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Desired Skills and Experience 
 Knowledge of predictive modeling, statistical sampling, optimization, machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques 
Strong technical writing, communication and presentation skills and ability to effectively communicate quantitative topics with non-technical audiences 
Experience with large data sets 
Effective at prioritization/time and project management 
Broad understanding of financial products 
Job Band: 
H5 
Shift: 
1st shift (United States of America) 
Hours Per Week: 
40 
Weekly Schedule: 
Referral Bonus Amount: 
0 Bank of America 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quantitative Analyst jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Bank of America in Atlanta, GA Quantitative Analyst salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bank of America Bank of America 30,287 reviews Bank of America Corporation is a bank holding company. Through its banking subsidiaries (the Banks) and various non-banking subsidiaries ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
