
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Durham, NC 27701 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Xperi 6 reviews Durham, NC 27701 Xperi 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Xperi invents, develops and delivers technologies that enable extraordinary experiences. We make entertainment more entertaining, and smart devices smarter. From the home to the car to everywhere in between, managing content and connections in a way that is smart, immersive, and personal is precisely what Xperi’s technologies do. 
Our inventions are foundational to the global entertainment ecosystem and our products and data improve every aspect of the digital entertainment experience, from choice to consumption. Content markets are changing, fast. Consumers face a simultaneously expanding and fragmenting set of choices. Xperi technology cuts through the chaos, putting us at the forefront of fast-moving trends in streaming, digital entertainment, and AI applications – in any environment. 
Xperi is at the heart of extraordinary experiences. We can’t wait to show you what’s next. 
Xperi is seeking a Data Scientist to join our team. This person will develop statistical and machine learning methods for analyzing and interpreting large datasets. The ideal candidate will possess strong skills and experience in data exploration, algorithm development, and machine learning. In our team you will work on problems across the domain of machine learning: Recommendation Systems, Time Series Prediction, Anomaly Detection, Content Classification, Natural Language Processing, etc. A successful candidate will be able to have a broad knowledge and develop solutions across these areas. 
Responsibilities 
Perform large-scale data analysis and mathematical modeling 
Solve problems of large dimension in a computationally efficient and statistically effective manner 
Work closely with a product engineering team to identify and answer important product questions 
Answer product questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data 
Apply knowledge of recent techniques and research to invent and propose new approaches and methodologies 
Communicate findings to product managers and engineers 
Refine existing data sources for use in downstream applications 
Analyze and interpret large, multi-dimensional datasets 
Develop best practices for data gathering and experimentation and communicate those to product engineering teams 
Requirements 
MS. or Ph.D. in a relevant technical field, or 2+ years’ experience in a relevant role 
Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches 
Extensive experience with statistical and machine learning models e.g. logistic regression, SVM, SVD, Trees, Bayesian 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence and Neural Networks 
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources 
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data 
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner 
Familiarity with relational databases, SQL, Git 
Expert knowledge of a data science programming stack (Python, Pandas) Experience working with large data sets, experience working with distributed computing tools a plus (Spark, PySpark, etc.) Xperi 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Xperi in Durham, NC Data Scientist salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Xperi 6 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
