
 
 
 
 Principal Scientist, Computational Biology - Framingham, MA 01701 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Scientist, Computational Biology Sanofi 4,226 reviews Framingham, MA 01701 Sanofi 4,226 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview: 
The Translational Sciences Group in Sanofi strives to generate scientific knowledge that translates into transformative therapies for patients with unmet medical needs. Translational Sciences is building a world-class Bioinformatics & Genetics team that is passionate to contribute to the discovery and development of novel therapeutics for patients. Translational Sciences Bioinformatics & Genetics team is seeking highly motivated Computational Biologist Scientist to join the multidisciplinary team to apply established and novel analytical approaches to various internal, external and consortia studies. Seeking a highly motivated Computational Biology Scientist to join Bioinformatics & Genetics group Cambridge/Framingham, MA which is part of Translational Sciences in R&D. The successful candidate will be an expert in Computational Biology and analytics, and has experience operating in a matrixed drug discovery environment. He/She will manage collaborations with TA projects and be able to work independently on small molecule biomarker discovery and analysis. In this position, the Computational Biologist will also be responsible for working closely with scientists who play a role in the evaluation and employment of the emerging cutting-edge Proteomics and Multi-omics technologies as well as for maintaining operational readiness of the equipment. This exciting role will afford talented scientist the opportunity to translate their data-integration and analytical abilities into novel actionable hypotheses. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Perform integrative analyses of multi-omics data to support drug discovery and development activities such as biomarker identification by designing and developing analytical pipelines along with data integration methodologies to enable mining of large complex datasets. 
Collaborate with scientists to develop data infrastructure with analytical pipelines, implement novel algorithms to manage and build analytical solutions to accelerate the analyses of proteomics, metabolomics and multi-omics data from various studies. 
Develop and/or implement informatics solutions with proper data governance and management guidelines to create harmonized datasets to enable rapid automation of analytical capabilities. 
Integrate and lead hypotheses generation from multi-platform and diverse datasets by employing sound computational biology approaches, for various aspects of drug discovery and development, in a pan-therapeutic manner. 
Develop and apply innovative and creative computational approaches to understand complex disease conditions using multi-dimensional –omics and clinical data. 
Contribute to projects to demonstrate impactful delivery of analyses to Identify candidate therapeutic targets and biomarkers for indications of interest, through integrated analysis of high-throughput molecular data, real-world data and clinical phenotypes. 
Evaluate and develop new technologies to streamline and improve the efficiency of the workflows. Effectively manage data, tools and methodologies to improve analytical ability of proteomics and metabolomics data, which may include data ingestion, integration, multi-omics analytical analyses, visualization and interpretation to develop actionable hypotheses. 
Prepare publications, research and clinical/regulatory documentation in accordance with Sanofi quality standards. Author technical reports, study protocols and manuscripts for publication; present at internal and external meetings and conferences. 
Basic Qualifications: 
PhD in Computer Science, Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, Data Science, Proteomics or a related discipline with at least 5 years of industry experience, or a master’s degree with a minimum of 8 years of industry experience. 
Proficiency in proteomics and metabolomics analyses, relevant analytical tools and software packages. 
Demonstrated experience in Rmarkdown or Jupyter employment in a computing environment. Working in Linux, high performance computing environment and cloud environment (AWS) with various data management platforms and data visualization approaches. 
Proven track record of publishing relevant bioinformatics, computational biology and multi-omics peer-reviewed journals. 
Highly motivated, organized, detail-oriented and able to work in a fast-paced environment and must be able to work in a team-oriented environment. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills are essential. Desire to function independently and successfully in a cross-functional, matrix-based research organization. 
Must be able to work in a team-oriented environment and demonstrate attention to detail and record-keeping. 
Strong communication and inter-personal skills. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Demonstrated experience, knowledge and application of statistical approaches and data modeling to large scale life-sciences data. 
Ability to develop, benchmark and apply predictive algorithms on multi-omics datasets to identify novel biomarkers, dissect gene/disease relationships and generate hypotheses. 
Proficiency in analyzing data with R/Bioconductor, Python, Matlab or Pipeline pilot. Working knowledge of Linux/HPC and shell scripting. 
Strong interested in biology and caring for developing novel therapeutic intervention strategies for patients with unmet disease conditions, and an ability to liaise with scientists from multiple therapy areas to help define and address biological questions with computational and analytical approach. 
Proficiency in biostatistics, linear/non-linear regression models, dimensionality reduction, clustering, AI/machine learning methods, is a plus. 
Knowledge of artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches (e.g. classification, clustering, artificial neural networks, deep learning) on multi-omics data sets (biomarker profiles, genome-wide datasets, medical imaging data, continuous data from wearable devices) is desired 
Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
Excellent interpersonal and team skills. 
Sanofi Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; creed; religion; national origin; age; ancestry; nationality; marital, domestic partnership or civil union status; sex, gender, gender identity or expression; affectional or sexual orientation; disability; veteran or military status or liability for military status; domestic violence victim status; atypical cellular or blood trait; genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing) or any other characteristic protected by law. 
#GD-SA 
#LI-SA 
PDN 
At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all. SanofiUS 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Framingham, MA Jobs at Sanofi in Framingham, MA Principal Scientist salaries in Framingham, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sanofi Sanofi 4,226 reviews Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human heal... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
