
 
 
 
 Senior Scientist - REMOTE: Europe - Albuquerque, NM 87114 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Scientist - REMOTE: Europe Indica Labs Albuquerque, NM 87114 Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Scientist 
 
Deep learning and Computational Pathology 
 
Classification: FLSA Exempt (US Only) 
 
Reports To: Principal Scientist,  Deep Learning and Computational Pathology 
Special Note: Our corporate headquarters is located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, USA. This position is a remote position, eligible to any candidate who currently resides in Europe, with appropriate authorisation to work in their home country. 
Summary 
 
This is a scientific and technical position responsible for performing scientific analysis on digital pathology images with appropriate presentation of key data to the stakeholders. The successful candidate is expected to manage projects independently and liaise directly with external collaborators to ensure the timely and quality delivery of products. 
 
 
Duties and Responsibilities 
 
 Performs end-to-end histo-pathology image analysis studies on projects involving Indica Labs’ clinical and academic collaborators. 
 Meets with collaborators to identify study requirements and propose study design. 
 Conducts image analysis tasks using Indica Lab’s suite of software on digital pathology images; including image annotations, applying multiple image analysis and AI algorithms, and data analysis. 
 Maintains regular status communications with collaborators and Indica Labs team throughout a study’s execution. 
 Prepares study reports for internal and external projects and present results, data, and findings. 
 Independently manages artificial intelligence-based image analysis projects with external collaborators, including working with managers, software teams, and collaborators to ensure the project adheres to timelines and set deliverables.
 Oversees data transfer and management between Indica Labs and external collaborators. 
 Creates documentation to ensure algorithm development follows set quality framework management guidelines to fast-track regulatory approval and clinical translation. 
 Responsible for the appropriate accessing and handling of electronic Protected Health Information (PHI) as outlined by policy and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). 
 Assists in the write-up of scientific publications and scientific abstracts and posters for conference presentation. 
 This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change, or new ones may be assigned at any time with or without notice. 
 
 
Minimum Qualifications 
 
 PhD Degree in relevant biomedical science discipline, or three years’ experience with Indica Labs’ HALO software 
 Some experience in image analysis. 
 Some experience with digital pathology. 
 Authorization to work in the applicant’s current home country (Indica Labs, Inc. does not sponsor work visas). 
 Appropriate documentation for international travel 
 All offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion of a background check 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Five years hands-on experience in histopathology or digital pathology-based image analysis. 
 Knowledge of cancer histopathology. 
 Demonstrated ability to deliver exceptional results (Publications and conference papers). 
 
 
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 
 Ability to deliver presentations to small and large scientific audiences. 
 Soft skills, with a passion for providing superior customer service 
 Basic skills in Information Technology (IT) and network knowledge 
 Ability to provide complex data in an easy to understand format 
 Critical thinking skills 
 Ability to work for extended periods of time using computer screens 
 
 
Location 
 
This position reports to our headquarters in Albuquerque, New Mexico, however all work will be performed remotely in the applicant’s home state or country. The job will require some international travel. 
Working Conditions and Physical Effort 
 
 No, or limited physical effort required 
 No, or limited exposure to physical risk 
 Work is normally performed in a typical interior/office work environment 
 
 
Indica Labs, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We take pride in providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of their race, color, creed, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal, or local law. Additionally, it is standard company policy to provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals who have protected disabilities to the extent required by applicable laws. Due to the nature of our business, and to meet United States Federal, State, and International requirements, final selected candidates must pass a background check for employment. 
 Location 
 Albuquerque, New Mexico 
 Department 
 Applications 
 Employment Type 
 Full-Time 
 Minimum Experience 
 Experienced Indica Labs 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Albuquerque, NM Jobs at Indica Labs in Albuquerque, NM Senior Scientist salaries in Albuquerque, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Indica Labs Indica Labs provides software solutions for fast, quantitative evaluation of digital pathology images using HALO, our flagship image anal... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
