
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Parsippany, NJ 07054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist GAF Materials Corporation 307 reviews Parsippany, NJ 07054 GAF Materials Corporation 307 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As part of a team, develop advanced analytical models to solve business problems leveraging the latest technologies in statistical, unsupervised, supervised, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) models to achieve organizational goals, increase data-driven insights, functional excellence, and digital expertise.
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES:
 60% Data Modeling
 Transform business problem into data science case to assess the scope of model’s value, speed, and cost in order to articulate model selection criteria.
 Build Data Science models using cloud-computing platforms such as AWS, Azure, and Google.
 Build Data Science models using any relevant Data Science capability.
 Be prepared to automate analytical workflows.
 Manage and shape modeling design, development, and delivery process.
 20% Data Collection
 Collect, profile, collate, and map appropriate data for usage in new or existing solutions as well as for ongoing data analysis activities.
 Develop, maintain, and review data processes and architecture for both on-premise and cloud-based data systems.
 Develop and perform standard queries to ensure data quality, identify data inconsistencies, missing data and resolve as needed.
 Perform data extraction, storage, manipulation, processing, and analysis.
 Conduct programmatic web scraping to acquire external publically available information.
 20% Model Deployment and Evaluation
 Assemble relevant User Interfaces (UIs) or Dashboards.
 Assemble, deliver, and effectively communicate actionable insights for decision-makers.
 LEVEL BASED COMPETENCIES:
 Teamwork: Collaborates with other members of formal and informal groups in the pursuit of a common mission, vision, values and mutual goals.
 Change Advocate: Identifies and acts upon opportunities for continuous improvement.
 Communicates for Results: Expresses technical and business concepts, ideas, feelings, opinions, and conclusions orally and in writing.
 Conceptual Thinking: Applies appropriate concepts and theories in the development of principles, practices, techniques, tools and solutions.
 Information Seeking: Gathers and analyzes information or data on current and future trends of best practice.
 Innovation: Employs sound judgment in determining how innovations will be deployed to produce return on investment.
 Problem Solving: Anticipates, identifies and defines problems; seeks root causes.
 TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS  :
 (Advanced) Python, R, or other relevant Data Science capabilities
 (Intermediate) SQL, NoSQL, & Hadoop
 (Entry) Any Data or visualization tool or software
 (Entry) Web Scraping: Scrapy, bsa, selenium, spiders, and API calls.
 GENERAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS  :
 (Advanced) Data intuition.
 (Intermediate) General experience across relevant business operations to enhance understanding would be desirable.
 (Entry) Exposure to roofing or manufacturing industry would be helpful
 REQUIRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:
 Undergraduate Education or Graduate of a Data Science Academy in a related technical Data Science discipline.
 We believe our employees are our greatest resource. We offer competitive salary, benefits, 401k, and vacation packages for all full time permanent positions. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and GAF, SGI, and Siplast are proud to be affirmative action employers. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know. If applying for positions in the U.S., must be eligible to work in the U.S. without need for employer sponsored visa (work permit). GAF Materials Corporation 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Parsippany, NJ Jobs at GAF Materials Corporation in Parsippany, NJ Data Scientist salaries in Parsippany, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from GAF Materials Corporation GAF Materials Corporation 307 reviews At GAF, putting a roof over your head is the foundation of our business. As we continue to pursue the excellence that has led us to the t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
