
 
 
 
 Forward Deployed Engineer - New York, NY 10002 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Forward Deployed Engineer Bluecore 4 reviews New York, NY 10002 Bluecore 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Bluecore is a marketing technology company that’s reimagining how the world’s fastest growing retail brands transform casual shoppers into lifetime customers. Through our patented retail data model and the recent release of Bluecore Communicate™ and Bluecore Site™, we replace manual processes with an intelligent, AI-driven workflow. We are credited with doubling email revenue, and increasing customer retention for more than 400 brands, including Express, Tommy Hilfiger, The North Face, Teleflora, and Bass Pro Shops. We have been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work by Glassdoor and ranked No. 241 on the Inc. 500 List, the most prestigious ranking of the nation’s fastest-growing private companies. 
 
 The Customer Success team’s Technical Services arm at Bluecore is committed to delivering quality products and services by holding each other accountable and always being open and honest. We use curiosity and creativity to drive ourselves and our customers towards higher levels of success while fostering a fun and collaborative environment. 
 
Bluecore’s Forward Deployed Engineering (FDE) unit is a software engineering team dedicated to helping Bluecore customers extract maximum value from the Bluecore Retail Data Platform. As an FDE, you will bring your technical know-how to the front lines, working directly with customers to draw meaningful intelligence from their websites and implement marketing solutions that map to the customer’s vertical, audience behavior and product mix. 
 
As a Forward Deployed Engineer, your principal responsibilities will lie in (1) writing JavaScript integrations that live on client websites, (2) configuring and maintaining the intake and manipulation of client data across multiple channels including websites, SFTP clients, and Google Cloud Functions, (3) utilizing internal infrastructure and tooling to solve complex, often-unique, client-specific problems, and (4) interfacing with clients to help them understand and best utilize our array of products and services. Besides raw intellect and the ability to not take yourself too seriously, it is important to be detail-oriented in your work, as we work closely with a multitude of the industry’s top online retailers, all of which have very stringent requirements around the look and feel of their strategic communications. 
 
You Are A Perfect Fit If You Love: 
 Interfacing with Clients: You are someone who loves chatting with clients and figuring out how to push the limits of Bluecore’s technology for them. You are equal parts engineer, consultant and subject matter expert with distinct gravitas. Our customers are often non-technical and are responsible for choosing and buying technically sophisticated products. The better we are at helping them understand and use our product, the more successful they will be and the more they will appreciate Bluecore. 
 Solving unique, complex problems: You are someone who can think critically, often on the fly, about nuanced technical problems to devise a scalable, maintainable solution. You enjoy the puzzle and the process of iterating and ideating before implementing a solve, and you are able to break complex problems into simple components for better analysis and digestion. 
 Metrics and Data: You are someone who finds yourself consumed by daily, weekly and monthly metrics and loves turning those into best practices. Seriously, you will be advising executive-level decision makers at industry-leading brands on best business practices. 
 Teaching Others: You are someone who actually believes that diversity in thought and skills makes for a better workplace and a better you. 
 Responsibilities 
Write client-side JavaScript to be run on clients' websites and configure custom recommendation logic using domain-specific tooling. 
Serve as the technical point-of-contact for clients both pre- and post-launch: working with them to integrate their website and databases with Bluecore, as well as helping establish and maintain a strong, long-term technical relationship between their systems and Bluecore. 
Working closely with clients and with our Customer Success team to think creatively and strategically about ways to extract maximum value from the Bluecore platform, designing and implementing custom technical solutions as needed. 
Develop the best technical solution possible for the toughest challenges that our customers will throw at you. 
Ideate, develop, and improve upon internal tooling, procedures, and processes that facilitate the work of the Forward Deployed Engineering team. 
Work as a liaison between clients, Customer Success, and the product development team to improve Bluecore’s product offering. 
 Requirements 
Successful completion of a reputable Coding Bootcamp or similar level of programming knowledge. 
Current or past professional experience in a client-facing role, working and communicating directly with customers. 
Fluent in JavaScript and familiar with various other web development technologies.
 Ability to take ambiguous workflows and turn them into structured processes. 
 Nice to have 
Exposure to (or interest in learning!) SQL, Python, or Google Cloud functions. 
BS in Computer Science or a similar technical field. 
Familiarity with Marketing, Advertising, eCommerce, or other Emerging Technology (Artificial Intelligence, etc.) platforms. 
 Benefits: 
Highly competitive compensation package including salary and equity as well as the opportunity to work for one of the fastest growing marketing technology companies  Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance  401(k) plan  Monthly discretionary reimbursement towards fitness, home office and/or Learning and Development opportunities
  Generous Parental Leave & flexible vacation policy 
At Bluecore we believe in fostering an inclusive environment in which employees feel encouraged to share their unique perspectives, leverage their strengths, and act authentically. We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and welcome those from all backgrounds and varying experiences. 
 
Bluecore is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fair hiring practices and to creating a welcoming environment for all team members. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, familial status or veteran status. Bluecore 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Bluecore in New York, NY Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bluecore Bluecore 4 reviews At Bluecore we are transforming the way eCommerce marketers use data and automation to communicate with customers. Bluecore’s customer ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
