
 
 
 
 Regional Account Executive - TN, AL, MS - Biloxi, MS - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Regional Account Executive - TN, AL, MS Extreme Networks 120 reviews Biloxi, MS Extreme Networks 120 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are growing our team! We are looking for top sales performers for our Enterprise team.
 There has never been a better time to join Extreme, after three acquisitions extending our portfolio and go to market strategy, we have seen enormous opportunity and growth within the region. Aside from being a Technology Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant, we also adamantly promote an internal culture that truly embraces diversity, inclusion and equality in the workplace. Having Diversity and Inclusion as part of our core values and beliefs, we’re proud to foster an environment where every Extreme employee can thrive because of their differences, not despite them. 
The Enterprise Sales Account Executive is responsible for driving new business, building and maintaining customer loyalty, ensuring high retention rates, promoting our Customer centric culture/forward thinking strategies and initiatives. The successful Sales Account Executive will leverage our three tiered sales model, prospecting for new business and partnering with the internal/external Sales teams providing our Customers with an experience exceeding expectations. The team is made up of credible top performers who foster and entrepreneurial spirit and delivering predictable and consistent revenue growth. 
Position Responsibilities 
Represent our comprehensive solution of end to end Wired / Wireless Data Networking; Network Management and Security solutions, growing revenue and profit margins within the assigned territory achieving properly aligned quotas with Enterprise accounts 
Utilize your Solutions Sales expertise to prospect and capture new Enterprise business while growing the existing install base 
Provide in-depth business planning and reporting (monthly forecast, weekly commit, pipeline development, etc.) 
Develop strong, mutually beneficial relationships with cross functional teams within the territory and across the company focusing on Enterprise accounts 
Requirements 
Proven hunter with a history of developing new prospective Enterprise customers and collaborating across cross-functional internal teams, ensuring target quotas are achieved and exceeded. 
Driven to successfully close large complex deals amid a mix of new business, established accounts and channel management 
Strong executive presence and communications skills; with effective Solution Selling skills into Enterprise networking environments at the CXO levels. 
Strong Business plan development and forecasting experience 
Must be a self-starter with high energy and drive who takes initiative and works with limited direction 
A highly trusted business partner, who maintains and expect high standards for self and team 
An accomplished Enterprise Account Executive with established account base, strong regional Customer and Channel Partner relationships 
Relevant industry/competitive knowledge 
Proven and verifiable track record in exceeding sales quotas; achieving Club 
Strong Competitive Industry and Product Knowledge with ability to articulate the Extreme Networks Business Value Proposition 
Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) creates effortless networking experiences that enable all of us to advance. We push the boundaries of technology leveraging the powers of machine learning, artificial intelligence, analytics, and automation. Over 50,000 customers globally trust our end-to-end, cloud-driven networking solutions and rely on our top-rated services and support to accelerate their digital transformation efforts and deliver progress like never before. For more information, visit Extreme's website or follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. Come Advance with us! In keeping with our values, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination/harassment based on “protected categories,” Extreme Networks also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our organization. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at Extreme Networks. Extreme Networks 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Account Executive jobs in Biloxi, MS Jobs at Extreme Networks in Biloxi, MS Account Executive salaries in Biloxi, MS Company Info Follow Get job updates from Extreme Networks Extreme Networks 120 reviews Extreme Networks delivers software-driven networking solutions that help IT departments everywhere deliver the ultimate business outcome:... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
