
 
 
 
 Associate Professor of International Affairs - Foggy Bottom, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Professor of International Affairs George Washington University 652 reviews Foggy Bottom, DC George Washington University 652 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The hired faculty member will be responsible for teaching graduate students and conduct high quality research. The faculty member will also perform administrative duties, serving as the Associate Director of the Master of Arts International Affairs Program (https://elliott.gwu.edu/international-affairs-masters). The successful candidate will be expected to teach courses in technology and security including areas such as cyber security and artificial intelligence. 
Minimum Qualifications:
 Applicants must have a Ph.D. in International Relations or a terminal degree in a related field. Applicants must demonstrate research excellence through publication in top journals, books or other suitable outlets; teaching excellence through teaching evaluations and letters of reference; evidence of administrative service and demonstrated team working skills. 
Advertised Salary: Other Benefits: Other Information: Special Instructions to Applicants:
 To be considered, please complete online faculty application and upload a CV, cover letter, statement of teaching interest, and course evaluations. Only complete applications will be considered. Review of applications will begin on April 12th, 2021 and continue until the position is filled. 
Department Link: Posting Close Date: Open Until Filled: Yes Background Screening Successful Completion of a Background Screening will be required as a condition of hire. EEO Statement:
 The university is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law. 
Quick Link https://www.gwu.jobs/postings/81340
 Applicant Documents 
 Required Documents 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Cover Letter 
 Statement of Teaching Interest 
 Course Evaluations or Summaries 
 Optional Documents 
 Resume 
 Transcript 
 Statement of Research Interest 
 Letter of Recommendation 1 
 Letter of Recommendation 2 
 Letter of Recommendation 3 
 Sample Publications 
 List of Publications 
 Names and Contact Information for References 
 Assessment of Skills Relevant to Basic Qualifications 
 Other Documents Refer to Special Instructions to Applicants George Washington University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Foggy Bottom, DC Jobs at George Washington University in Foggy Bottom, DC Associate Professor salaries in Foggy Bottom, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from George Washington University George Washington University 652 reviews The George Washington University's name is just one more reminder of the regard the nation holds for its first president. Chartered by th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
