
 
 
 
 Alfred J. Verrecchia Endowed Chair Professorship in Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence - Kingston, RI 02881 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Alfred J. Verrecchia Endowed Chair Professorship in Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence University of Rhode Island 199 reviews Kingston, RI 02881 University of Rhode Island 199 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description Job Title   Alfred J. Verrecchia Endowed Chair Professorship in Business Analytics and Artificial Intelligence 
 
 Job Description Summary, Duties and Responsibilities, Required Qualifications and Preferred Qualifications 
 The search will remain open until the position is filled. First consideration will be given to applications received by October 20, 2020. Second consideration may be given to applications received by November 20, 2020. Applications received subsequent to second consideration date (November 20, 2020) may not be given full consideration.
 
_____________________________________________ 
 
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
The College of Business at the University of Rhode Island is seeking applications for the Al Verrecchia Chair Professor in the field of business analytics and artificial intelligence. The goal of the Chair is to create a collaborative research environment and to develop a curriculum for new programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Applicants must have demonstrated leadership in the field of business analytics and artificial intelligence, including published research, grants, and industry relationships. Applicants with proven expertise in both application and theory will be considered. The successful candidate will work with the current faculty to develop undergraduate major, minor, and certificate program, as well as MS (including certificate) and doctoral programs. Candidates should have an established record of excellence in research as evidenced by publications in top journals such as MISQ, ISR, and Management Science. Research expertise in business analytics and artificial Intelligence (BAI) at the organizational, platform, market, or industry levels is required. Candidates will be expected to build an interdisciplinary program in the college. The proposed chair is expected to bring recognition to the college through scholarship, successful grants acquisition, building an interdisciplinary curriculum, and fruitful relationships with industries in and out of the state. 
 
The Chair will have the ability to build a collaborative work group to complement research activities with projects from industry, specifically as they relate to the application of business analytics and artificial intelligence. We encourage a multidisciplinary research environment, in which educating qualified students and collaboration with industry and regional/national organizations play important roles. The candidate should, thus, be able to develop and lead a high-performance academic research team while developing and maintaining close partnerships with industry. 
 
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
1) PhD in business analytics and artificial intelligence or closely related field. 
 
2) Proven track record of publication in journals of AI and business analytics areas. 
 
3) Proven track of garnering grants from quality organizations such as NIH, NSF, DOD, DOC, Gates Foundation and MacArthur Foundation. 
 
4) Demonstrated evidence of quality teaching experience. 
 
5) Demonstrated ability to effectively teach courses in the applied use of business analytics, artificial intelligence, or machine learning for business. 
 
6) Demonstrated ability to work with diverse groups/populations. 
 
7) Demonstrated experience in building/nurturing relationships with the business community and industry on business analytics and artificial intelligence topics and implementation strategies. 
 
8) Demonstrated ability to build new curriculum. 
 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
1) Demonstrated industry experience related to business intelligence and artificial intelligence. 
 
2) Business degrees at undergraduate/graduate level. 
 
3) Demonstrated teaching experiences in areas of business analytics and artificial intelligence such as: (Programming (e.g., R, Python), Data Visualization, NoSQL Database Management, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence in a business context, Blockchain technologies, IS in Business.) 
 
 ALL REQUIREMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE MODIFICATION TO REASONABLY
 
ACCOMMODATE INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
 
 Union   AAUP - American Assoc of Univ Professors 
 
 Status  Academic Year, Full-time, Tenure-track, Permanent 
 
 End Date of Restriction or Limitation 
 
 Department   Dean, College of Business
 
 Contact(s) 
 
 Contact Email 
 
 Campus Location   Kingston 
 
 Grant Funded   No 
 
 Extension Contingent on Funding Date 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 Please attach the following 5 (PDF) documents to your online Employment Application: 
 
(#1) Cover letter of application. 
 
(#2) Curriculum Vitae. 
 
(#3) “Other” – Teaching Evaluation. 
 
(#4) – Teaching and Research Philosophy (as one complete pdf doc.). 
 
(#5) “Other Document” – the names and contact information of three professional references. 
 
 Position Number   106422 
 
 Posting Number   F00210 
 
 Posting Date   09/24/2020 
 
 Closing Date 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes University of Rhode Island 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Kingston, RI Jobs at University of Rhode Island in Kingston, RI Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Kingston, RI Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Rhode Island University of Rhode Island 199 reviews The University of Rhode Island, commonly referred to as URI, is the principal public research as well as the land grant and sea grant uni... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
