
 
 
 
 Employee Support Technician - Clear Lake, IA 50428 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Employee Support Technician Kingland Systems 27 reviews Clear Lake, IA 50428 Kingland Systems 27 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. COMPANY SUMMARY 
Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities. 
Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our clients are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to "live locally and work globally", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients. 
Kingland is growing. We’re looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world — and be rewarded for their efforts. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland, and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure. 
POSITION SUMMARY 
The Employee Support Technician is responsible for the timely investigation and resolution of issues that affect end user workstations, software, printers, network, and telecommunications devices. They play an integral role to remove technology roadblocks so that employees are able to work effectively. They communicate directly with Kingland employees to investigate and resolve reported items, and ensure that the appropriate response actions and communication occurs for all reported issues. They proactively identify and address user security and technology items that may cause disruptions if not addressed in a timely manner. 
PRIMARY  RESPONSIBLITIES AND DUTIES 
Diagnose and resolve user-related software and hardware issues, including operating systems (Windows and Mac) across a range of software applications, network, and telecommunications systems 
Take ownership of issues by performing problem analysis, implementing temporary or permanent fixes with the aim of restoring service to the employee/customer as soon as possible; escalating incidents to others where necessary 
Control and manage the network access of users according to established policies, processes, and procedures 
Configure, implement, and support end user hardware and software. 
Maintain the security of endpoint devices by defining and monitoring policy rules within the applicable management tools 
Actively participate in security incident handling, asset management, software license management, change management, and security assessment activities 
Operate and maintain monitoring of supported hardware and applications, and analyze and communicate monitoring results of those items 
Create, maintain and publish relevant support documentation in order to assist others in the quick resolution of their requests and enable users to become more self-sufficient 
Stay informed and aware of information that is disseminated through various means within the company and team 
POSITION REQUIREMENTS 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or Computer Engineering, preferred or 1+ years of related experience 
Eager to learn to investigate and remediate issues affecting end user workstations, software, network, and telecommunication systems 
Able to prioritize work, manage changing priorities, and perform under pressure to meet SLA’s. 
Able to think critically 
Able to communicate effectively with a wide variety of people in a professional manner, face to face, on the telephone, and in writing 
Able to demonstrate practical troubleshooting and problem analysis techniques 
Attentive to detail 
BENEFITS 
Included in the Kingland Career Development Program – a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems. 
Generous vacation and paid holidays 
401(k) company match 
8 hours of paid volunteer time annually 
3 weeks paid parental leave after the birth or adoption of a child 
Wellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparel 
Access to free on-site fitness center in Clear Lake location 
Company match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donations 
Free on-site parking 
Access to company dining facility in Clear Lake location Kingland Systems 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Desktop Support Technician jobs in Clear Lake, IA Jobs at Kingland Systems in Clear Lake, IA Desktop Support Technician salaries in Clear Lake, IA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kingland Systems Kingland Systems 27 reviews Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
