
 
 
 
 Remote Position - Digital Marketing Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Remote Position - Digital Marketing Manager QuanticMind, Inc. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do you excel at digital marketing and thrive working with data in a fast-paced startup environment? QuanticMind Digital is looking for passionate candidates with demonstrated digital marketing industry expertise who enjoy working with industry-leading clients from around the country. At QuanticMind, you'll also be joining one of the fastest-growing companies in the marketing technology world. 
The ideal candidate is a self-starter, loves a challenge, and has a passion for learning. To be successful, the Digital Marketing Manager must have the ability to think strategically and be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment. This person must be able to analyze performance/data and evaluate to determine the best course of action across multiple clients at once. 
Responsibilities: 
Hands-on campaign creation, uploading, reporting, and optimization of client accounts. 
Conversion rate optimization and testing - you'll have help making the changes, but you have the opportunity to drive the testing strategy. 
Create and Strategize – Develop a comprehensive digital marketing strategy to drive qualified traffic from Search, Display, Shopping, and Social channels given clients’ specific business goals and objectives. 
Measure, Optimize & Iterate – Use industry-standard as well as proprietary tools and platforms to proactively report on performance and compare to the goals required. Conduct regular testing on digital marketing strategies to quickly iterate and ensure success against both short and long-term goals. 
Communicate - As a strategic resource to clients, provide strategic recommendations and perspective on client performance. 
Requirements: 
A Bachelor's degree is required 
A minimum of five years experience leading and managing digital advertising campaigns, including search engine marketing 
Proven experience in a similar position, including demonstrated expertise in using digital marketing best practices to achieve performance goals 
About QuanticMind: 
Founded by Data Scientists and Digital Marketers, QuanticMind has a track record of enabling Fortune 500 Marketing programs to drive predictable & sustainable revenue growth by mapping the right investments in Sales, Marketing & Advertising. The QuanticMind Platform is the industry’s first unified & persistent system of record that ties together all of a brand's sales and marketing data. QuanticMind's breakthrough machine learning technology, including campaign optimization, predictive analytics powered by artificial intelligence, and full-funnel reporting, allows brands to engage with consumers through the entire customer journey–from acquisition to ongoing retention. QuanticMind clients include leading brands from the Consumer Goods, Leisure & Travel, eCommerce & Retail, Fashion & Apparel, Automotive, Financial Services, Education, Health, Media and Performance Marketing industries. 
QuanticMind offers highly competitive compensation packages, which include Medical / Dental / Vision Insurance and Unlimited sick time and paid time off. 
 
 P1UOk7VNaL QuanticMind, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Digital Marketer jobs in Remote Jobs at QuanticMind in Remote Digital Marketer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from QuanticMind, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
