
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Teaching, Computer Science and Engineering - Buffalo, NY 14260 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Teaching, Computer Science and Engineering University at Buffalo 630 reviews Buffalo, NY 14260 University at Buffalo 630 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description The Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) at University at Buffalo (UB) invites candidates to apply for the position of Assistant Professor of Teaching (Lecturer). We are particularly looking for candidates who can operate effectively in a team environment and in a diverse community of students and faculty and share our vision of helping all constituents reach their full potential. 
 
Duties include teaching and development of computer science and computer engineering courses at both the undergraduate and graduate level; service which may include student advisement at the undergraduate level; industry internships; laboratory and instrumentation upgrades; student excellence initiatives; ABET objectives; diversity enhancement; and external educational grant support in collaboration with the CSE Undergraduate and Graduate Studies Committees. 
 
The Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) offers BS degrees in computer science (accredited by the Computing Accreditation Commission of ABET, https://www.abet.org), and in computer engineering (accredited by the Engineering Accreditation Commission of ABET, https://www.abet.org), a combined 5-year BS-MS program, a minor in computer science, a Certificate in Data-Intensive Computing, and several joint programs (BS in Computer Science/MBA, BS in Computational Physics, BA in Social Sciences Interdisciplinary – Cognitive Science Concentration, BS in Bioinformatics and Computational Biology – CSE concentration) as well as MS and PhD programs in Computer Science & Engineering. 
 
The department currently has over 40 tenure-track faculty, 13 teaching faculty and approximately 1,200 undergraduate majors, 550 masters’ students and 160 PhD students. Over twenty junior faculty members have been hired since 2010, and we are continuing to expand. Two members of our faculty currently hold key university leadership positions, and eight members of our faculty are IEEE and/or ACM Fellows. The department is well known for offering excellent collaborative and nurturing environment for faculty. Recently, a cohort of ﬁve junior faculty received the CAREER awards in 2019, setting a national record. 
 
Our faculty members are actively involved in cutting-edge research and successful interdisciplinary programs and centers devoted to biometrics; bioinformatics; biomedical computing; computational and data science and engineering; computer vision and multimedia systems; database systems; document analysis and recognition; programming languages; high performance computing; cybersecurity; embedded, networked and distributed systems; machine learning and artificial intelligence; connected and autonomous vehicles and sustainable transportation; and theory of computation. Our faculty has excellent publication records over the years. Since 2015, the department has moved up its rank to be among the top 40 on csrankings.org, and is among the top 25 in two recent years (2017 and 2019). During the same period, our research expenditure has grown from $4.5 million (for AY 2015-2016) to $6.3 million (AY 2019-2020). 
 
The University at Buffalo (UB), a member of the prestigious Association of American Universities (AAU), is the largest and most comprehensive university in The State University of New York (SUNY) system, with about 22,000 undergraduates and 10,000 graduate and professional students and 1600 fulltime faculty. The School of Engineering and Applied Sciences has 7,300 students enrolled across 9 academic departments. 
 
Buffalo is a city with a rapidly growing economy, eclectic neighborhoods, world-class art galleries and museums, a vibrant theater and music community, the Lake Erie waterfront, a city-wide system of parks designed by renowned landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, and major and minor league sports teams. The awe-inspiring Niagara Falls is just 20 minutes away. The department is located on the UB North Campus in suburban Amherst, an area that combines outstanding public schools and services with a surprisingly low cost-of-living. 
 
The University at Buffalo is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE). 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Applicants should have a PhD degree in computer science, computer engineering, or a related field. Degree must be conferred prior to appointment. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Physical Demands 
 
 Type   Full-Time 
 
 Campus   North Campus 
 
 Posting Alerts 
 
 Special Instructions Summary 
 The application package should consist of a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, a teaching statement no longer than two pages; a Diversity Statement; contact information for three references who can discuss the candidate’s teaching experience; and teaching evaluations for previous courses taught if available. Applicants are specifically asked to emphasize their educational, not their research accomplishments. The cover letter should explicitly include the number of semester/quarters as a lead course instructor. When selected for interview referees will be emailed to upload their reference letter. 
 
Applicants must answer the following question submitted as “Diversity Statement.” Applications submitted without a response to this question will not be considered: “What skills do you see as necessary when choosing curriculum and learning activities for a diverse group of students? “ 
 
 Additional Information 
 Pursuant to Executive Order 161, no State entity, as defined by the Executive Order, is permitted to ask, or mandate, in any form, that an applicant for employment provide his or her current compensation, or any prior compensation history, until such time as the applicant is extended a conditional offer of employment with compensation. University at Buffalo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Buffalo, NY Jobs at University at Buffalo in Buffalo, NY Assistant Professor salaries in Buffalo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from University at Buffalo 630 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
