
 
 
 
 Executive Assistant - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Executive Assistant Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,583 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,583 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 3+years of experience assisting at the executive level 
 Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint and Visio 
 US citizenship or permanent residency required 
 
Amazon Web Services is seeking a multitasking and self-motivated individual to support the ML and automation team (2 GMs) in the Artificial Intelligence team. This exciting role requires attention to detail; the ability to meet tight deadlines, great organizational skills, and the ability to juggle multiple critical requests. A high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information, and professionalism in dealing with senior professionals inside and outside the company is important, as is a good sense of humor. The successful candidate will possess the ability to complete complex tasks and projects quickly with little to no guidance, react with appropriate urgency to situations that require a quick turnaround, and take effective action without having to know the total picture.
 
Responsibilities for this position include the ability to play a leadership role with the administrative support team in Amazon AI, to think and plan ahead, delegate responsibilities appropriately, and manage time effectively. Other key responsibilities include:
 
 
 Proactively coordinate and engage with leadership in planning and organizing events, activities and calendars. 
 Management of complex calendar and scheduling requirements 
 Tracking and helping drive completion of key deliverables and following up on outstanding items 
 Acting as a liaison for direct reports 
 Driving key team activities (such as staff meeting agendas, all-hands meetings, supply ordering) 
 Updating team organizational charts 
 Managing group logistics 
 Travel coordination 
 Participate in planning of events 
 Have fun at work and help others do the same 
 This position will work with other assistants throughout the AI team and across the rest of the company 
 Ability to handle confidential information with discretion, and deal with professionals inside and outside the company 
 Exceptional written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills 
 Ability to work in a highly ambiguous environment 
 Bachelor’s degree 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Executive Assistant jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Executive Assistant salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,583 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
