
 
 
 
 Solution Architect - Carlsbad, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Solution Architect ViaSat 273 reviews Carlsbad, CA ViaSat 273 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Bigger challenges. Bolder ideas. Global impact. At Viasat, we’re on a mission to deliver connections with the capacity to change the world. We’re the company behind the world’s fastest satellite internet service, with technology that’s helping to bridge the digital divide and improve life for our customers around the globe. By providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide. 
We’re looking for passionate, innovative professionals to join our team and connect the world to more. You’ll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment that values diverse perspectives and continuous learning, and provides industry-leading benefits with unmatched opportunities for career growth. Our team is fearless in pursuit of new ideas and uncompromising in our quest to become the world’s first truly global Internet Service Provider. Interested in joining our mission? Take a look at career opportunities at Viasat today. 
Our culture empowers us to do things that other companies would find very difficult, if not impossible. It's uniquely Viasat and intentionally not like any other company. 
The Global Business Applications team is looking for a customer-obsessed solution architect to provide technical guidance on delivering secure user experiences. In this role you will define scalable design patterns, architecture frameworks and provide design oversight to a multitude of development activities underway across product teams throughout the enterprise. These may include internally developed frameworks, cloud-based solutions as well as third party platforms and services. You will evaluate and experiment with emerging technologies looking for opportunities to enhance various platforms and user experiences, improve supportability, scalability and security. A variety of technologies will be involved in this role: commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) solutions, cloud platforms, web and mobile technologies, various application development frameworks, global instrumentation and pipeline tooling, test automation, and artificial intelligence to name a few. 
In This Role at Viasat 
This role will give you an opportunity to work with many different teams across the organization and leverage a range of technologies and systems to deliver solutions. You will build an enterprise applications roadmap and drive cross functional product teams in the delivery its contents. You will drive design and architectural guidance across many teams, diving deep with engineers and developers, negotiating with teams, and communicating with stakeholders and leadership. You will also assess risk, anticipate bottlenecks, manage escalations, outline tradeoffs, and advocate for the solution that will most delight our customers. You will analyze the technology industry, competitors and market trends, and determine their potential impact on the enterprise as well as: 
 Own end-to-end architecture vision & roadmap for the enterprise application domain to support an overall transformation and modernization strategy  Define the principles, guidelines, standards and solution patterns to ensure solution decisions are aligned with the organization's future-state architecture vision.  Design and direct the design activities associated with ensuring solutions architecture assurance and compliance.  Facilitate the evaluation and selection of software product standards and services, as well as the design of standard and custom software configurations.  Consult with application and infrastructure development product owners to fit systems or infrastructure to architecture and identify when it is necessary to modify products to accommodate the solutions architecture. 
 
ViaSat values diversity of thought and wants to grow through hiring people with a wide range of backgrounds, cultures and experiences, allowing us to continue to innovate and tackle complex problems. If you're interested in helping us shape our journey and being part of the team, then please apply to find out more. 
We provide innovative solutions to support solutions around the globe wherever they may be! We touch every element of the business: our corporate offices, our customer service teams, a diverse partner and dealer community, and many more. 
What our ideal Candidate looks like: 
You have a strong understanding of design patterns, security, compliance, architectural frameworks and Dev Ops methodologies at both startup and large scale computing environments. You have designed and implemented modular and/or micro service architectures across a variety of enterprise applications and operating systems. You're passionate about success. You obsess over how to help your customers do their job, not their computing environment. You understand different people have different needs to be productive and strive to develop innovative solutions. You identify problems early, clear roadblocks, build trust with other teams, and communicate clearly and concisely. You're knowledgeable. You love sharing your unique skill set with others. You identify problems, propose solutions and drive implementation. You leverage your deep technical aptitude to drive innovative solutions across the enterprise. You enjoy working with customers around the world. Challenge excites you. You have a passion for educating, training, designing, building, and securing solutions for a diverse set of customers. 
  Requirements 
 10+ years of solid development experience on distributed platforms.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or related study. Willing to accept equivalent experience  Minimum of 7-10 years of experience as an architect or lead engineer in building complex, highly scalable and low latency applications.  Strong track record in forecasting emerging technology trends and creating actionable plans to intersect them with solution offerings.  Experiencing working in an enterprise applications domain.  Experience with relational databases, HTTP and domain driven design.  Experience with event design, event streaming, event driven and micro service architectures.  Knowledge of the technology space: languages, frameworks, techniques, industry trends (hybrid and native).  Lead experience in application development.  Deep knowledge of no SQL and relational database design.  Knowledge of HTML5, CSS and JavaScript (Angular, React) and progressive design.  Deep knowledge of API (REST, SOAP), API Management and building scalable and high-performance Web APIs.  Expertise in a number of technical domains and Enterprise Architecture topics, such as middleware, Microservices, Security, Domain Driven Design, and ability to evolve with the industry and technology landscape.  Experience creating architecture roadmaps and operation models spanning business and technology domains.  Solid understanding of external industry factors driving business and technology roadmaps.  Experience assessing the risks, opportunities and business value of complex technical solutions and quantify them in a way that is measurable and meaningful to the business.  Ability to speak with customers and business partners in their language and to understand their business processes and to translate those needs into IT architecture requirements.  Demonstrated competency applying architecture frameworks and business capabilities to support complex initiatives 
Preferences 
 Knowledge of cloud platforms (AWS Services, Microsoft Azure) and server-less architecture  Experience working in a high tech, fast moving environment.  Experience working with functional domains such as Finance, Supply Chain, Manufacturing.  Ability to inspire confidence in technical approaches with in-depth domain expertise and clear, persuasive communications.  Compelling leader who can effectively coach individually and drive team motivation 
 Viasat is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, genetics, age, or veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status or characteristic. ViaSat 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at ViaSat in Carlsbad, CA Software Architect salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ViaSat ViaSat 273 reviews Viasat is a global communications company that believes everyone and everything can be connected. We’re driven by our ability to redefine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
