
 
 
 
 Vice President, Business Development - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Business Development Sitel 11,725 reviews United States Remote Sitel 11,725 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The Vice President of Business Development is responsible for expanding Sitel’s business by prospecting, developing and managing potential new clients. The ideal candidate will have a strong background and demonstrated  experience in the Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) space  working with senior level decision makers. He/she will have a unique ability to build relationships and develop networks. This is a remote role within the United States. 
 
 This individual will focus on top domestic and global companies. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced sales professional to bring his/her unique set of skills and relationships to a dynamic company. Reporting to the Global Business Development he/she will develop proactive proposals and win strategies, respond to RFI/RFP’s with offers of contact center services as well as sell value add products and services that include our Sitel Group companies. This could also include selling opportunities into the EMEA market for our North American based global clients. 
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Drive the sales strategy and process from plan to close, justifying account qualification and designing win strategies 
 Follow the sales process to ensure quality and effective win strategies in all proposals regarding content, pricing, solution, and other components as well as creating a competitive analysis 
 Clearly articulate the distinct aspects of products and services 
 
 Experience: 
 
 10 years sales experience, with at least 5 years in BPO sales experience, progressively responsible industry experience with a successful track record collaborating with world-class organizations to offer strategic solutions that deliver results. 
 Experience in selling “traditional” contact center outsourcing services, non-contact center outsourcing experiences (back office, IT service), as well as digital technology and/or consulting services. 
 Must have experience presenting alone in front of potential client executives. 
 Demonstrated experience leading sales opportunities, developing client-focused, differentiated and achievable solutions. 
 
 Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: 
 
 Demonstrates confidence throughout the selling cycle through collaboration 
 Drive the sales strategy through relationships and process from plan to close 
 Demonstrates empathy and kindness in everyday performance which enhances sales capability 
 Proven ability to position products against competitors 
 Consistently achieve revenue targets in line with team/organizational objectives 
 Excellent listening, negotiation, presentation (RFP response & proposals) and facilitation skills 
 Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
 
 Education: 
 
 Four-year college degree in a business-related field or equivalent industry experience 
 
 Travel Required: 
 
 75% or more domestic and international travel-post Covid 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. 
 With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. Sitel 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Business Development jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Vice President of Business Development salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,725 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
