
 
 
 
 Open Rank - Assistant/Associate/Full Professor of Ethics and Computer Science - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open Rank - Assistant/Associate/Full Professor of Ethics and Computer Science Northeastern University 616 reviews Boston, MA Northeastern University 616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  504087 
 Position Type:  Faculty Full-time (Tenure/Tenure Track) 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  College of Social Sciences and Humanities 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
The Department of Philosophy and Religion and the Khoury College of Computer Sciences at Northeastern University seek to fill an open rank tenure line position in the area of ethics and computer science. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
The successful candidate will have a strong scholarly record or research program with high relevance to ethics and justice issues raised by robotics, big data, machine learning or other aspects of artificial intelligence. The person filling this position will have training/expertise in both ethics and computer science, and they will contribute to interdisciplinary research and curriculum projects. Applicants should be fluent with the practical aspects of technologies that underlie modern, data-driven systems, such as machine learning and information retrieval. This includes how societal objectives like fairness can be encoded into sociotechnical systems, and the shortcomings of these approaches. They also should be fluent in the philosophical aspects of ethical theory, analysis and methods. This is a joint position between the Department of Philosophy and Religion and the Khoury College of Computer Sciences, with the tenure home to be determined in consultation with the person filling the position. 
 
Candidates should have demonstrated commitment to fostering diverse and inclusive environments as well as to promoting experiential learning, which are central to a Northeastern University education. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
A Ph.D. in Philosophy, Computer Science or a related field is required by the appointment start date. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 Fac 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Applications should include a cover letter that addresses the applicant’s interest in and qualifications for the position, curriculum vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness (including sample syllabus for a course related to ethics and computer science), writing sample, and contact information for at least three letters of recommendation. Questions should be addressed to Prof. Ronald Sandler, Search Committee Chair, r.sandler@northestern.edu. 
 
To apply, please go to http://www.northeastern.edu/cssh/faculty-positions and click on the link for full-time positions or full-time interdisciplinary positions or if viewing this description on the Northeastern University website, click “Apply to this job.” Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Applications received by November 30th will be assured full consideration. 
 
The College of Social Sciences and Humanities is a leader in the Experiential Liberal Arts. Founded in 1898, Northeastern University is a dynamic and highly selective urban research university in the center of Boston. Grounded in its signature co-op program, Northeastern provides unprecedented global experiential learning opportunities. The College is strongly committed to fostering excellence through diversity and enthusiastically welcomes nominations and applications from members of groups underrepresented in academia. 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  03 Nov 2020 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Associate Professor salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 616 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
