
 
 
 
 Associate Director, IO Discovery/Translation - Morristown, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Director, IO Discovery/Translation BioXcel Therapeutics Morristown, NJ Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Design preclinical in vivo studies including efficacy, translational, mechanism of action, safety/toxicology studies. Supervise work of CROs for successful completion of outsourced in vitro and in vivo projects in the area of Immuno-oncology. Re-innovate/repurpose existing molecules for the treatment of cancer patients Closely collaborate with other IO team members on different aspects of Immuno-oncology projects. Evaluate existing biology/preclinical data of therapeutic leads. Evaluate external opportunities for licensing in oncology. Closely work with cross-functional teams from Artificial Intelligence, clinical development, Business Development and other groups. Authoring manuscripts for publication in high impact factor scientific journals 
 Requirements/Qualifications 
Requires a PhD in Life Sciences/Cell Biology/Biochemistry with a minimum of 10+ years of experience 
In-depth knowledge of cancer in vivo models and pharmacokinetic studies 
Should have experience in designing animal studies for Immuno-oncology 
Strong background in cancer biology and associated signalling pathways, especially those that are relevant to Immuno-oncology. 
Pre-clinical drug discovery experience advancing both small molecules and biologics candidates through early research stages into development pipeline is preferred. 
Biotech experience is preferred. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. 
Strong interpersonal, organizational and planning skills 
Team player mentality is required for accomplishing Company goals 
 Your Path to Endless Opportunities 
If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets drug discovery and development and you’re enthusiastic, creative, with a passion for cutting-edge research, you should join our team! We are looking for highly motivated, passionate employees to help us drive technology solutions for discovering breakthrough treatments for our portfolio of oncology and neuroscience programs, as well as for our partners across major therapeutic areas. 
About BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc . 
BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on drug development that utilizes artificial intelligence to identify improved therapies in neuroscience and immuno-oncology. BTI's drug re-innovation approach leverages existing approved drugs and/or clinically evaluated product candidates together with big data and proprietary machine learning algorithms to identify new therapeutic indices. BTI's two most advanced clinical development programs are BXCL501, an investigational sublingual thin film formulation in development for acute treatment of agitation resulting from neuropsychiatric disorders, and BXCL701, an investigational orally administered systemic innate immunity activator in development for treatment of a rare form of prostate cancer and for treatment of pancreatic cancer in combination with other immuno-oncology agents. For more information, please visit www.bioxceltherapeutics.com. BioXcel Therapeutics 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Director jobs in Morristown, NJ Jobs at BioXcel Therapeutics in Morristown, NJ Associate Director salaries in Morristown, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from BioXcel Therapeutics  

Your Path to Endless Opportunities

If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
