
 
 
 
 Bioinformatician - Pittsburgh, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Bioinformatician The University of Pittsburgh 702 reviews Pittsburgh, PA The University of Pittsburgh 702 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $46,644 - $76,440 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Bioinformatician 
UPCI Basic Research Administration - Pennsylvania-Pittsburgh - (21003768) 
 
The Osmanbeyoglu lab is looking for a Bioinformatician who would work on cutting-edge and clinically relevant problems in cancer biology using genome-wide methods and applied machine learning. The lab focuses on developing statistical and machine learning methods for single cell multi-omics integration. Projects are in the areas of cancer genomics, epigenetics of drug response, and immunotherapy and are executed through multi-disciplinary collaborations. The Bioinformatician must be proficient with R, Python, MATLAB, and Unix/Linux and software repositories such as Git. The Bioinformatician must have independent experience in data science (machine learning) by having implemented such analyses with multi-omics/clinical data. Must possess expert knowledge of machine-learning and statistics in particular. The ability to design and implement analytic software is required. Experience with best practices in modern software development, including agile development practices, source-code control systems, testing and test-driven development, code reuse and API design and documentation is highly-desirable. As a member of a team conducting novel biomedical cancer research, the Bioinformatician will need to look beyond the code, building a deep understanding of the problem domain and resulting implications for software design and independent analytic approach. Detailed work with collaborating scientists and other stakeholders will be required, often with the implicit requirement of learning the details of a new and unfamiliar field. Osmanbeyoglu Laboratory is currently working on projects involving big data including large-scale multi-omics single cell data, genomic data, information integration for personalized medicine, creating distributed research data networks, and related topics united under the common theme of translational informatics: using information systems to move basic scientific insights into meaningful medical care. The Bioinformatician will combine data science knowledge and technical expertise, curiosity and willingness to learn about new domains and to work flexibly with inter-disciplinary teams. 
 
• Preferably a Ph.D. in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning or related technical field, or at least a Masters degree in one of these disciplines. • Technical qualifications: modeling, hypothesis testing and machine learning, website development, programming languages including at least Python, R, and MATLAB. • Experience on Unix or Linux. • Demonstrated work in academic environment with data from multi-omics datasets. • Demonstrable experience in software engineering with strong computer science fundamentals in algorithm design and problem-solving • Strong passion, interest and quick learning abilities • Strong oral and written communication skills • Detail oriented with an initiative to drive tasks to completion • Ability to work well in a group and independently with minimal supervision Bonus Qualifications • Experience with TensorFlow, Keras or another deep-learning framework • Background in computational biology, applied mathematics or statistics • Experience with life science, single-cell multi-omics data or big data • Expertise in specialized areas such as optimization, natural language processing, reinforcement learning, probabilistic inference, information retrieval or recommendation systems • Knowledge of public bioinformatics databases and tools • Familiarity with big data technology stack (e.g., Hadoop, Spark, Hive, HDFS etc.) • Experience with AWS
 The University of Pittsburgh is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and values equality of opportunity, human dignity and diversity. EOE, including disability/vets 
 
Assignment Category  Full-time regular 
Job Classification  Staff.Systems/Programmer.IV 
Campus  Pittsburgh 
Minimum Education Level Required  Master's 
Minimum Experience Level Required  5-6 years experience 
Work Schedule  Monday - Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 
Hiring Range  $46,644.00 - $76,440.00 
Relocation Offered  No 
Visa Sponsorship Provided  No 
Background Check  For position finalists, employment with the University will require successful completion of a background check 
Child Protection Clearances  Not Applicable 
Required Documents  Resume 
Optional Documents  Cover Letter The University of Pittsburgh 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at The University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The University of Pittsburgh The University of Pittsburgh 702 reviews The University of Pittsburgh (commonly referred to as Pitt) is a state-related research university located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
