
 
 
 
 Computer Vision ML Scientist - Boston, MA 02129 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Vision ML Scientist BlinkAI Technologies Boston, MA 02129 BlinkAI is building transformative technologies for the next generation of smart imaging devices, a spinoff from MIT and Harvard. Our team members have been at the core of developing breakthrough artificial intelligence research for imaging applications . 
 
 We are currently seeking a Machine Learning Scientist specializing in computer vision and perception. In this role, you will work on developing machine learning algorithms and systems to improve object detection, segmentation, and other high-level perception tasks. You will develop end-to-end solutions including algorithm design, implementation, quality evaluation, performance optimization, and system deployment. You will work with researchers, software engineers, and hardware engineers to push the performance of embedded computer vision systems, build new features, and develop architectures for the future products. You will earn a competitive salary and enjoy the availability of medical benefits and a stock option plan. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Develop deep learning methods for high-level perception tasks. 
 Optimize and integrate solutions into BlinkAI products. 
 Collaborate on hardware for deploying systems on embedded imaging devices. 
 Minimum qualifications 
 Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related background (BS, MS, or PhD). 
 Experience with Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Caffe. 
 Experience with object detection methods such as YOLO, SSD, and Faster-RCNN. 
 Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, C/C++, C#,JavaScript. 
 Excellent communication skills. 
 Preferred qualifications 
 Experience leading software engineering teams, or 4+ years of software engineering experience. 
 Experience with deep learning image segmentation methods. 
 Experience with neural network compression techniques. 
 Experience in computational photography algorithms or ISP systems. 
 Experience in CUDA GPU or Halide programming. 
 If you are interested in the position (location: Boston) please contact  hr@blink-ai.com . BlinkAI Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at BlinkAI Technologies in Boston, MA Computer Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BlinkAI Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
