
 
 
 
 Web Development Intern (Remote) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Web Development Intern (Remote) Neo4j United States Remote Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description About Neo4j: 
Neo4j is the leader in graph database technology. As the world’s most widely deployed graph database, we help global brands – including Comcast, NASA, UBS and Volvo – to reveal and predict how people, processes and systems are interrelated. Using this relationships-first approach, applications built using Neo4j tackle connected data challenges such as analytics and artificial intelligence, fraud detection, real-time recommendations and knowledge graphs. 
Our Vision: 
At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data. 
As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive. 
About the role: 
You will work closely with the Web Team as well as the Design and Marketing Team and assist with creating landing pages, web pages and microsites. You will also assist in day-to-day updates and maintenance with our corporate website. 
 Requirements 
Highly proficient with HTML and CSS (we use the Foundation framework) 
Proficiency in PHP or JavaScript 
Experience using Git 
Basic understanding of SEO 
Problem solving skills 
Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment 
Organization and project management skills 
Currently a Senior in college and available for full time work 
A portfolio and/or GitHub link when applying. Coursework is acceptable. 
Nice to haves: 
Knowledge of Wordpress administration and theme development 
UI/UX experience 
Experience using a CSS Framework 
Experience with AWS 
 Country 
US 
#LI-TR 
 Why Join Neo4j? 
Neo4j is among the 20 most popular databases in the world and the clear leader in the rapidly emerging Graph Data Platform category. We’re well funded and have an experienced management team focused on how organizations should apply data to solve challenging problems for decades to come. We have customers in every industry across the globe, and we build technology that has a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to define the future of data, analytics and automation. 
We offer a competitive salary and benefits, engaging virtual events and a welcoming team. You will love your co-workers! 
Neo4j is a privately held company with our U.S. headquarters in San Mateo, California. We have employees located all over the world, from Thailand to Canada, many of whom work remotely, and we have offices in Sweden (Malmo and Stockholm), the UK (London) and Germany (Munich). 
More information at www.neo4j.com. 
Neo4j Values: 
Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values: 
We value relationships 
We focus on user success 
We thrive in a culture that is open and inclusive 
We assume positive intent 
We welcome intellectually honest discussions 
We deliver on our commitments 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at Neo4j: 
At Neo4j, we value relationships and that involves building an environment where everyone feels like they belong. We believe strong relationships involve being accountable, bringing our whole selves to work, valuing intellectually honest discussions and being receptive to new ideas and perspectives. One of our central goals is to provide an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. 
Are you intrigued by this role? We encourage you to apply even if you don’t 100% fit the qualifications above. 
Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide. neo4j 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Web Developer jobs in United States Web Developer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Neo4j Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
