
 
 
 
 Sr. Data Scientist for Fintech - Austin, TX 78759 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Data Scientist for Fintech SparkCognition, Inc. 9 reviews Austin, TX 78759 SparkCognition, Inc. 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description parkCognition catalyzes sustainable growth for their clients throughout the world with proven artificial intelligence (AI) systems, award-winning machine learning technology, and a multinational team of AI thought-leaders. Clients are trusted with advancing lives, infrastructure, sustainability, and financial systems across the globe. They partner with SparkCognition to understand their industry’s most pressing challenges, analyze complex data, empower decision-making, and transform human and industrial productivity. With leading-edge artificial intelligence products—Darwin®️, DeepArmor®️, SparkPredict®️, and DeepNLPTM—SparkCognition’s clients can adapt to a rapidly changing digital landscape and accelerate their business strategies. 
This position is within AIM2, a subsidiary of SparkCognition. AIM2 is a fast-growing fintech applying artificial intelligence and machine learning to fixed-income market-making. The firm currently has employees in New York, London, and Austin, TX. 
This position requires a background in deep learning, reinforcement learning, and generative processes or similar. The desired candidate should have a quantitative background, experience working with time series, and strong coding skills. Prior experience in the finance industry is good but not a requisite. 
Responsibilities 
The candidate will help drive and enhance AIM2’s data-driven investment initiatives, improve upon the existing deep reinforcement algorithm, provide innovative ways to upgrade the process, and generate alternative solutions. The role is central and is built around collaboration with quants who have extensive domain knowledge, various technology teams in AIM2 and SparkCognition, and business units that collate feedback from our clients. The company is highly data-driven, and analyses are peer-reviewed with a strong culture of collaboration and openness. 
Requirements 
Strong understanding of Data Science, including machine learning, statistics, probability, and modeling. 
Significant experience with Data Science programming languages, such as Python, R, Matlab 
Significant experience with machine learning frameworks, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Theano, and Keras. 
Applied knowledge of ML techniques/algorithms including linear models, neural networks, decision trees, Bayesian techniques, clustering, reinforcement learning, and anomaly detection 
Ability to form strong working relationships with team members 
Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Physics, Mathematics, Engineering, or a related scientific discipline 
Preferred Qualifications 
Graduate degree (or 5-8 years of equivalent experience) in one of the fields above 
Prior experience in Quantitative Finance (buy or sell-side) SparkCognition, Inc. 19 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at SparkCognition in Austin, TX Senior Data Scientist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from SparkCognition, Inc. 9 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
