
 
 
 
 Principal - Renton, WA 98057 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal ADT Security Services 6,176 reviews Renton, WA 98057 ADT Security Services 6,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Categories  Business Development, Sales
 Company Overview: 
At ADT Commercial, we are in the business of helping people and organizations to protect what matters most to them. Building upon ADT’s 145-year legacy, we secure the livelihoods and futures of critical commercial environments, retail location, educational campuses, healthcare facilities and financial institutions across the U.S. as an industry-leading security, fire and life safety systems integrator. We strive to have the most experienced and technically trained and talented teams in the industry, driven by excellence at every turn. At ADT Commercial, we truly believe that our people are the difference – for our organization, the customers we serve and the communities we protect. When you’re a part of ADT Commercial, you’ll have the opportunity to be a part of that difference every day. With more than 300 locations, a deep national presence, and comprehensive portfolio of solutions and services, our employees are always poised for career advancement and growth. For more information, visit www.adtcommercial.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Facebook. 
Position Summary: 
At ADT Commercial (ADT) the Principal is a key member of the Enterprise Security Risk Group (eSRG), which is focused on delivering Security Risk Management Services (SRMS) to customers in a traditional consultant-to-client relationship. The Principal is a Security Management Subject Matter Expert (SME) and is highly experienced in one or more of the areas of focus within the SRMS category, including (but not limited to) Corporate, Information Management, Utilities, Healthcare, Oil & Gas, Data Center, and Air/Sea Ports. 
As an SME, the Principal is responsible for delivering the services outlined in the eSRG Services section outlined below, acting as a Project Leader, coordinating the work of other Principals and Managers on the eSRG team, preparing various written documents, serving on cross-functional teams, creating and tracking multiple metrics, investigating and resolving defects, providing SRMS related training programs, maintaining records, reviewing plans/drawings, delivering SRMS related talks/training programs, and serving as the voice of the customer throughout the company. This role includes client work-related business development and supporting Enterprise, National Accounts, and Core Commercial business development efforts. 
The Principal will actively participate in the identification, qualification, management, and retention of ADT Commercial clients. This participation will include speaking at industry events, on-site visits with current and potential clients, writing white papers/blogs/articles, maintaining an active “business-focused” social media presence, and serving on industry advisory panels/committees. 
The Principal reports to the Director, Consulting and Strategic Development, eSRG. 
Strategic Objectives and Responsibilities: 
Build, enhance, and maintain ADT’s brand and position as the leader in the SRMS category through a combination of excellent project execution and thought leadership initiatives. 
Build, enhance, and maintain eSRG’s brand as the preeminent team of security consultants within the SRMS category. 
Maintain a personal brand and high profile within the security industry. 
Lead the eSRG effort in ADT’s Strategic Development Verticals where assigned. 
Assist in driving the adoption of the eSRG methodology and outcomes throughout ADT Commercial. 
Develop and implement ADT internal projects that support the company’s security programs and posture. 
Support ADT strategic emerging technology initiatives such as security drones, robotics, artificial intelligence, and similar technology with thought leadership and consulting services. 
Establish and maintain peer-to-peer relationships with security leaders within ADT’s current and potential client organizations 
Performance Goals 
Positively contribute to positioning ADT as the retained security advisor for key accounts 
Influence the product and service revenue through: 
Representing eSRG on client calls to support the identification of potential client needs and opportunities 
Contributing to the strategic positioning of ADT and eSRG within the business development and sales cycle 
Creating eSRG programs and related collateral to create a unique value proposition for their target markets 
Successfully engaging with internal and external clients to support the efforts of the company 
Maintain satisfactory employee performance reviews as performed by supervisors and peers 
Establish and maintain a foundation of professional knowledge and continue self-education that maintains current knowledge of industry trends and impacts 
Create eSRG internal and client work product of the highest quality and standard that meets and exceeds expectations 
 eSRG Client Consulting Services 
 Be capable of developing and leading a majority of the following eSRG Services: 
 Enterprise Security Risk Management Consulting: Strategic Advisory 
 Consulting activities related to standard security and enterprise risk management practices. 
 Security Master Planning
 Strategic security-related programs planning and policy/budgeting development.
 Security Standards/Guidelines Development 
 Documentation develop for corporate, physical, and systems/technical standards. 
 Security Systems Schematic Design Services 
 Security schematic design consulting and requirements development.
 Program and Technical Roadmaps 
 Technology and corporate program. 
 Audits, Surveys, Assessments 
 Security risk related surveys and evaluations. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
 Security consulting business development and project sales. 
 Manage activities of a full range of eSRG Security Project and Program Duties. 
 ADT Commercial and eSRG internal projects and related-operational tasks. 
 ADT Commercial LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. We are committed to having a diverse and inclusive workforce and do our best to foster a culture and environment where every employee feels valued. Our goal is to serve our customers and help save lives. We can achieve this goal when we have the best talent working in an environment where employees feel included and recognized. Visit us online at jobs.adt.com to learn more. ADT Security Services 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Renton, WA Jobs at ADT Security Services in Renton, WA Principal salaries in Renton, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ADT Security Services ADT Security Services 6,176 reviews ADT is a purpose-driven company backed by more than 200 offices, 9 monitoring centers, and the largest network of security professionals ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
