
 
 
 
 Engineering Leader - Machine Learning - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Leader - Machine Learning Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 5 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Remote Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out to build the best video conferencing product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Phone, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Video Webinars, Zoom Apps, and OnZoom.
 We’re problem-solvers and self-starters, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to dig deep into impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate, and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
 You will be part of a team whose focus is to solve cutting edge AI problems and deploying models that constantly advance the state-of-the-art. You will be working across various NLP areas like STT, translation, summarization, sentiment analysis, TTS, and other interesting challenges that are challenging at Zoom's scale. You will be one of the founding members of the team, you will have a unique opportunity to start from scratch and drive the direction of our products.
 Ensure the ML team meets the needs of our internal and external customers and scale robust ML models.
 Lead and grow a team of exceptional ML Engineers, focusing on enhancing, measuring, and recognizing performance
 Drive the technical and organizational roadmap for the ML Engineering team
 Facilitate and participate in the preparation of ML data sets
 Guide the ML Engineer team in implementing fine tuning of models
 Provides leadership in advanced engineering, ML science and analytics in the development of current or future products or technologies
 Qualifications
 3+ years of experience managing a ML team with Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related field
 Lead and grow a team of exceptional ML Engineers, focusing on enhancing, measuring, and recognizing performance
 Hands on experience in Machine learning tools and techniques
 Track record of setting roadmaps, priorities and measuring the progress in achieving them
 Experience with one or more of the following: Speech, translation, text understanding, classification, ranking systems or similar
 Proven familiarity with NLP approaches like W2V or Bert, which includes identifying the right KPIs and objective functions
 Familiarity with large-scale data processing and distributed systems
 Proven mathematical knowledge; understanding of machine learning, statistics
 Bonus Qualifications
 Experience framework such as MLflow, Kubeflow, Airflow, Seldon Core, TFServing etc
 Experience in distributed training and performance optimization on GPU’s
 Expertise in crafting Data Models for high performance and scalability
 Autoscaling, containers, performance tuning and optimization
 Experience with Deep Learning for NLP
 Strong verbal and written communication skills Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Zoom Video Communications in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 5 reviews Zoomies help the world connect — and deliver happiness while doing it. We set out on a mission to make video communications frictionless ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
