
 
 
 
 Principal Engineer I- Operational Intelligence - Greenwood Village, CO 80111 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Engineer I- Operational Intelligence Spectrum 15,229 reviews Greenwood Village, CO 80111 Spectrum 15,229 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB SCOPE 
 
Transform operations and improve customer experience by enabling automated data-driven operational decision making, in-time service layer machine-based monitoring, causation, and touchless actioning. Responsible for infrastructure planning and deployment as well as systems support of a large analytic platform. Applies deep networking experience to plan, deploy and troubleshoot. Additionally, takes ownership of infrastructure related data ingest and correlation. Works with and advises technical operations’ staff, vendors, leaders, and design teams. Supports operations teams with complex design, integrations, and implementation of actions focused on driving value through operational intelligence. Ensures alignment between the business' operational strategies, adjacencies, and technical solutions. This highly technical group is transforming how operations is managed in the cable industry. 
 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
AI / ML Platform Enablement
 Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience. 
Develop, deploy, and leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to continuously improve Network Operations. 
Identify and engage key engineers across the organization to drive shared accountability and alignment for ingesting, tuning, and realizing the benefit of AI/ML alerting. 
Interact with Product and Operations groups to understand business needs, communicate status, deliver value, and develop relationships to ensure flawless implementation and satisfaction.
 Designs, implements, operates, enhances and troubleshoots systems in assigned areas. 
Analyzes and resolves system logic difficulties, overcomes obstacles, makes technical decisions, and documents as necessary. 
Develops, implements, and QAs new and existing analytics for proper and efficient execution, adheres to business and technical requirements, and integrates with adjacent systems. 
Creates and leverages various data extraction, transfer, and load technologies to augment analysis
 Creates insights, processes, and information that is valued by the business. 
Write code and leverage scripting to enable automation meeting operational requirements. 
Identifies new technologies and processes to take analytics, touchless actioning, causation, and digital fingerprinting to the next level. 
Participates in visualization design and deployment reviews to ensure technical and functional adherence. 
Infrastructure Support 
Support and maintain current build-out of Operational Intelligence system, including three environments and over 350 virtual machines. 
Maintain virtual environment including VMware and Hyper-V. 
Assist in configuration and troubleshooting of infrastructure and applications including Druid, MySQL, Spark and HDFS. 
Prepare for and transition support of Druid, MySQL, Spark and HDFS from vendor. 
Perform capacity measurement and planning to ensure seamless platform growth / expansion.
 Perform regular maintenance activities such as operating system patching. 
Configuration and support of load balancing software/hardware. 
Automate delivery, configuration and recovery of Compute, Storage, Virtualization, Containers and Operating Systems. 
Adhere to operating system security hardening and patching standards. 
Maintain firewall configurations amongst environments. 
Prepare for transition from virtual environment to container environment. 
Maintain documentation of infrastructure components, support methods, and contacts. 
Maintain monitoring of infrastructure components, systems and certificates. 
Contribute to architecture and automation discussions across Network Operations. 
 
BASIC / MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, and / or equivalent experience 
Minimum seven (7) years of IT work experience 
Minimum of three (3) years focused on AI/ML or big data platforms 
ADDITIONAL JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Good communication skills 
Enjoy working on loosely defined problems
 Experienced in AI/ML 
Proficient in administration of Linux / Windows environments 
Exposed to operational analytic or service assurance platforms
 Proficient in a scripting language such as Python, Perl or shell 
Proficient in automation with Ansible 
Exposed to NoSQL data warehousing concepts 
Self-motivating and able to work with minimal supervision 
Ability to read, write and speak the English language to communicate with employees, customers, suppliers, in person, on the phone, and by written communications in a clear, straight-forward, and professional manner 
Ability to conduct design sessions to specify solution designs for feasibility, cost, and functionality 
Ability to create detailed documentation to functionally understand new and existing applications 
Ability to follow and implement established change and control policies and procedures 
Ability to troubleshoot application problems 
Basic knowledge of OSS applications and software 
Here, employees don’t just have jobs, they build careers. That’s why we believe in offering a comprehensive pay and benefits package that rewards employees for their contributions to our success, supports all aspects of their well-being, and delivers real value at every stage of life. 
 
The pay for this position has a minimum of  $90600 . The actual salary offer may be higher as we carefully consider a wide range of factors, including your skills, qualifications, experience and location. Also, certain positions are eligible for additional forms of compensation such as commissions or bonuses. Spectrum 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Greenwood Village, CO Jobs at Spectrum in Greenwood Village, CO Principal Software Engineer salaries in Greenwood Village, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Spectrum Spectrum 15,229 reviews Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) is a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 31 million cu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
