
 
 
 
 System Dev Engineer - AWS Console Platform - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Dev Engineer - AWS Console Platform Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,583 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,583 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, Python, or C including object-oriented design 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is growing rapidly–millions of customers from independent developers to large enterprises visit our management console.
 
The AWS User Experience Products & Platform team is responsible for products that enable AWS users to manage their applications and infrastructure on AWS. Our mission is to deliver an effective, and loved user experience that makes it easy for all users to discover, learn, and build on AWS. Today, we own the AWS Management Console, the AWS Console Mobile App, the AWS Chatbot, and the User Experience Platform used by 175+ AWS service teams to develop and deliver their user experience across multiple channels (web, mobile, chat).
 
The AWS User Experience Products & Platform team is a multi-disciplinary team comprising members from different areas - UX Research, UX Design, User Insights & Analytics, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Secure/Available/Scalable (at AWS scale) services, and Web/Mobile/Conversational User Interfaces. Our team is a great place for those who are passionate about building great user and developer experiences for millions of users across the globe. Our team members love solving challenging problems to innovate on behalf of AWS users who come from diverse backgrounds spanning different personas, differing levels of experience, different countries, and different expectations on how they would like to interact with AWS.
 
 As a System Dev Engineer on the team: 
 
 You will guide our team's technical strategies, vision, and architecture 
 You will solve a breadth of technical problems involving back-end software engineering, and user interface development 
 You will automate build processes that are highly available, performant, scalable, and extensible 
 You will learn and operate services that support billions of requests a day 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind.
 We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
#awsplatform #aws.team-console
 
#aws.team-console
 
Master's Degree or equivalent experience
 
 Strong and creative problem-solving abilities 
 Experience with Agile and Scrum methodologies 
 Passion for simplicity and building highly leveraged, reusable software platforms, components, and APIs 
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts. 
 
This role will sit in our new headquarters in Northern Virginia, where Amazon will invest $2.5 billion dollars, occupy 4 million square feet of energy efficient office space, and create at least 25,000 new full-time jobs. Our employees and the neighboring community will also benefit from the associated investments from the Commonwealth including infrastructure updates, public transportation improvements, and new access to Reagan National Airport.
 
By working together on behalf of our customers, we are building the future one innovative product, service, and idea at a time. Are you ready to embrace the challenge? Come build the future with us.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit
 https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Arlington, VA System Engineer salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 70,583 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
