
 
 
 
 Sr. Customer Advocacy Manager (Remote) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Customer Advocacy Manager (Remote) Neo4j United States Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Neo4j: 
Neo4j is the leader in graph database technology. As the world’s most widely deployed graph database, we help global brands – including Comcast, NASA, UBS and Volvo – to reveal and predict how people, processes and systems are interrelated. Using this relationships-first approach, applications built using Neo4j tackle connected data challenges such as analytics and artificial intelligence, fraud detection, real-time recommendations and knowledge graphs. 
Our Vision: 
At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data. 
As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive. 
 Responsibilities: 
Elevate the Customer Voice:  Work with our most innovative customers to develop content that helps to amplify their successes with Neo4j that leads to further company growth, adoption, usage, and promotion. 
Create Compelling Customer Content:  Help the world understand the value our customers are achieving as part of the creation of briefs and materials for customer success stories in the form of case studies, videos, quotes, logo usage, reference calls, speakerships, and online reviews for our products to expand our reach. 
Engage the Community:  You'll take lead on building out our Customer Advisory Board, determine the best ways to further engage customers, and have them actively take part in the future of Neo4j. Additionally, you'll recruit and recommend customer speakers for key events—from product launches to our customer conference. 
Crowdsource to Success:  Customer advocacy relies on great relationships across the company, and Neo4j's company culture is there to support your success! You will collaborate closely with a range of teams including sales, customer success, product marketing, developer, website, and the content teams to identify and produce high-impact customer stories. 
 
The Finer Points: 
Excellent project management orchestration, stakeholder management, and vendor oversight capabilities are critical to ensuring the program is effectively and efficiently executed 
Success in this role requires developing an understanding of product positioning, sales process, customer perceptions and considerations, as well as the competitive landscape, and effectively leveraging this knowledge to inform and manage reference requirements, priorities, messages, and content development 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure consistent end-to-end case study planning and execution—from the initial internal meetings through to final asset production 
Author briefs and support materials that inform writers for successful case study development, including coordinating input from internal stakeholders and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) 
Work with account teams and customers to secure legal approvals 
Be the gatekeeper for the asset review process, getting approvals from SMEs and editorial 
Support campaign managers and members of the brand team to ensure effective promotion and ongoing usage of content and assets 
Capture and maintain customer information in a reference database tool to support the sales cycle, marketing activities, PR, analyst relations, and strategic partnerships 
Support and drive existing program processes including project status reporting, regular stakeholder communications, project planning activities, and tracking and management of deliverables and actions items 
Work closely with Product Marketing Managers to stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and customer challenges to build more effective content and messaging 
Comfortable with collecting and reporting metrics and optimizing to improve processes and use of customer advocacy assets 
 Qualifications: 
An accomplished candidate should have experience building and executing measurable and successful marketing or sales programs/campaigns in a B2B environment 
Ownership mentality and proven ability to meet deadlines and ensure high-quality deliverables 
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to influence others with and without formal authority and build partnerships within the organization 
5-10 years in marketing with 3-5 years in B2B environments, ideally in customer marketing, campaigns, or programs 
Storytelling and editorial expertise—with previous case study or marketing collateral experience preferred 
Excellent written and oral communication skills 
SFDC experience a bonus 
Bachelor’s degree or relative experience desired 
 Country 
US 
#LI-TR1 
Remote 
 Why Join Neo4j? 
Neo4j is among the 20 most popular databases in the world and the clear leader in the rapidly emerging Graph Data Platform category. We’re well funded and have an experienced management team focused on how organizations should apply data to solve challenging problems for decades to come. We have customers in every industry across the globe, and we build technology that has a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to define the future of data, analytics and automation. 
We offer a competitive salary and benefits, engaging virtual events and a welcoming team. You will love your co-workers! 
Neo4j is a privately held company with our U.S. headquarters in San Mateo, California. We have employees located all over the world, from Thailand to Canada, many of whom work remotely, and we have offices in Sweden (Malmo and Stockholm), the UK (London) and Germany (Munich). 
More information at www.neo4j.com. 
Neo4j Values: 
Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values: 
We value relationships 
We focus on user success 
We thrive in a culture that is open and inclusive 
We assume positive intent 
We welcome intellectually honest discussions 
We deliver on our commitments 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at Neo4j: 
At Neo4j, we value relationships and that involves building an environment where everyone feels like they belong. We believe strong relationships involve being accountable, bringing our whole selves to work, valuing intellectually honest discussions and being receptive to new ideas and perspectives. One of our central goals is to provide an inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. 
Are you intrigued by this role? We encourage you to apply even if you don’t 100% fit the qualifications above. 
Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide. neo4j 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Advocacy Manager jobs in United States Customer Advocacy Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Neo4j Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
