
 
 
 
 Breast Imaging Radiologist - Dallas, TX 75390 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Breast Imaging Radiologist UT Southwestern 1,036 reviews Dallas, TX 75390 UT Southwestern 1,036 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Opportunity available for a Breast Imaging Radiologist at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, ranked the Number 1 Best Hospital in Dallas-Fort Worth. Led by Dr. Phil Evans, an internationally renowned breast imager and former president of the Society of Breast Imaging and of the American Cancer Society, the Breast Imaging Division currently includes 13 faculty members, and sponsors a Texas Medical Board-accredited fellowship program in breast imaging. Candidate must have a Doctor of Medicine (MD) or Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (DO) degree or foreign equivalent, have completed a diagnostic radiology residency, a minimum of 1 year of fellowship training in breast imaging ,and be ABR-certified/eligible. Eligibility for Texas medical licensure and its acquisition prior to the start of employment is required. Appointment rank will be commensurate with academic accomplishments and experience.
 
Divisional duties include interpreting the full range of breast imaging examinations and performing interventional procedures, in addition to providing consultation to referring physicians and patients. Candidate will be expected to be superior in all aspects of breast imaging modalities and capable of teaching mammography, breast MRI, ultrasound, and contemporary biopsy techniques to breast imaging fellows, Radiology residents, and medical students through didactic lectures, case presentations, and multidisciplinary conferences. Specific clinical and research interests can be in any area within the scope of breast imaging. Faculty members in the Breast Imaging Division will be responsible for clinical services at the Moody Breast Health Center, a new Parkland Health System facility, scheduled to open in January 2021 with state-of-the-art imaging equipment, including a new breast MRI system; and at the UT Southwestern Center for Breast Care, also with the most advanced equipment and a dedicated MRI unit.
 
Faculty benefits include an excellent healthcare plan, competitive salary and retirement benefits. Nearby daycare is also available.
 
Faculty members have dedicated academic time with many opportunities to develop research interests in collaboration with our strong basic science group, as well as other clinical and basic science departments throughout the campus. Administrative, biostatistical and logistical support are provided. Strong collaborations with imaging vendors enrich discovery opportunities. Current projects focus on breast MRI, including abbreviated dynamic protocols and diffusion weighted imaging, contrast-enhanced mammography, microbubble technology, the TMIST trial, mammographic-pathologic correlations, and artificial intelligence.
 
UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. As an equal opportunity employer, UT Southwestern prohibits unlawful discrimination, including discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or veteran status. To learn more, please visit: why-work-here/diversity-inclusion/ UT Southwestern Medical Center 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Radiologist jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at UT Southwestern in Dallas, TX Radiologist salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from UT Southwestern UT Southwestern 1,036 reviews The Future of Medicine, Today: Make It Your Future

For more than 75 years, UT Southwestern Medical Center has been healing, discoverin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
