
 
 
 
 Client Manager - Retail - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Client Manager - Retail Kingland Systems 27 reviews Remote Remote Kingland Systems 27 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. COMPANY SUMMARY 
Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities. 
Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our customers are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to "live locally and work globally", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients. 
Kingland is growing. We’re looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world — and be rewarded for their effort. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland —and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure. 
POSITION SUMMARY 
The Client Manager is responsible to ensure that the business results for the client and Kingland are realized, including delivery of solutions and products. The Client Manager communicates regularly with the primary stakeholders within Kingland and the client to manage priorities, changes, client roll out, and coordination of internal teams. The Client Manager is measured on delivery of client value, client satisfaction, and scope control. 
 MAJOR RESPONSIBLITIES AND DUTIES 
Serving as key point of Kingland interaction with the client's team responsible for implementation of solutions and products 
Understanding and managing expectations with the client and orchestrating the coordination of resources to deliver the solution and/or product 
Ensuring Business Architecture Blueprint and Project Charters are complete and accurate 
Ensuring the team and client’s objectives are aligned and meet expectations for the following dimensions: 
Scope, as defined in the requirements and quality expectations 
Schedule, as defined by key milestones with focus on meeting committed dates 
Budget, as defined by the value of each major stage (elaboration activities, construction activities) as well as overall project budget with focus on hitting the agreed upon budget amount 
Approving billing and forecasting revenue and expense related to the engagement and providing rationale for variances to forecast 
Providing final approval on a project, ensuring the requirement meets quality expectations, aligns with Kingland platform capabilities, and is aligned with the needs and objectives of the client 
POSITION REQUIREMENTS 
Bachelor’s degree, required
 3+ years in the software development or technical delivery profession
 Strong ability to communicate complex, nuanced topics clearly to a diverse audience multiple mediums 
Capable of decomposing a perceived large problem into requisite parts for problem solving 
Excellent decision-making and leadership capabilities 
Conflict resolution experience 
Proficient with Microsoft Office products 
Strong work and time management skills and attention to details 
Excellent analytical skills and the ability to think critically 
Ability to adapt quickly to changes in priorities 
Willingness to travel to client sites 
Ability to travel to Clear Lake and Ames, Iowa office locations, as well as additional travel as required by business and client needs. 
BENEFITS 
Included in the Kingland Career Development Program – a guided program consisting of targeted learning opportunities and mentorship to assist you in career growth, personal development and opportunity for promotion and advancement at Kingland Systems. 
Generous vacation and paid holidays 
401(k) company match 
8 hours of paid volunteer time annually 
3 weeks paid parental leave after the birth or adoption of a child 
Wellness reimbursement for gym memberships, equipment, and apparel 
Access to free on-site fitness center in Clear Lake location 
Company match of up to $1,000 annually for charitable donations 
Free on-site covered parking
 Access to company dining facility in Clear Lake location 
LOCATION 
This position is located in our Ames, IA or Clear Lake, IA office. Remote work locations will be considered. 
PM21 Kingland Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Client Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Kingland Systems in Remote Client Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kingland Systems Kingland Systems 27 reviews Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
