
 
 
 
 Fraud Investigations Analyst I - Fairfax, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fraud Investigations Analyst I FICO 166 reviews Fairfax, VA FICO 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 Job Description
 The Opportunity
 “As a Fraud Analyst within the CardAlert Service Team you will be responsible for identification, development, and investigation of bankcard fraud or counterfeit cases detected through the use of proprietary products or cases reported by customers. If you enjoy analyzing data for patterns and trends and possess strong analytical, communication, and problem solving skills, this could be the position for you!" –Fraud Investigations Manager
 What You’ll Contribute
 Gather, organize, and analyze data as it pertains to case development through the use of analytical, tracking, and data management tools.
 Use tools to research and update contact database of CAS customers.
 Interact with senior staff and customers to further develop cases, identify and analyze points of compromise, and notify customers of potential risk.
 Work with team on well-defined tasks related to detection of suspicious point of fraud activity using proprietary software, and identification of potential cases through the use of in-house tools to update and query the database.
 What We’re Seeking
 Bachelor’s degree preferred.
 Ability to analyze data for patterns and trends and to take findings and communicate them in an effective manner.
 Demonstrates detailed orientation and organizational skills.
 Experience with Microsoft Office programs with an emphasis on MS Access.
 Database experience preferred.
 Ability to work some rotating weekends and holidays.
 Our Offer to You
 A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
 The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
 Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
 Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fraud Investigator jobs in Fairfax, VA Jobs at FICO in Fairfax, VA Fraud Investigator salaries in Fairfax, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 166 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
