
 
 
 
 Staff Data Scientist - GIS - Menlo Park, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Staff Data Scientist - GIS One Concern Menlo Park, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description One Concern is a Menlo Park-based benevolent artificial intelligence company with a mission to increase the global community's resilience to natural hazards. Founded at Stanford University, One Concern enables cities, corporations and citizens to embrace a disaster-free future, through AI-enabled technology, policy, and finance. By combining data science and natural phenomena science we are pursuing a vision for planetary-scale resilience, where everyone lives in a safe, equitable, and sustainable world. 
One Concern is seeking a Data Scientist specializing in GIS to join our team at One Concern. This role will work on acquiring, pre/post-processing, evaluating and improving new data sources to support and improve our product offerings at global scale. You should have a keen eye for data and have experience in collecting, cleaning, analyzing and adding critical data to our pipeline. 
We work in a highly collaborative, challenging and exciting environment. Our engineering challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable stepping in uncharted territory and excited to create systems that can scale to all disasters and geographies. If you are problem solver, think out-of-the-box, love challenging yourself, and want to work for a cause, we would love to have you at One Concern. 
We are committed to a workplace that reflects the community we serve. We especially encourage women, people of color, and others who are underrepresented in the tech industry to apply. 
 Responsibilities
 Lead on streamline national/global data acquisition and merging into our data and modeling pipelines 
Lead on GIS data QA/QC, explainability of model results based on data, data accuracy evaluation and improvement 
Investigate existing data exploitation methods and automation techniques (e.g., machine learning, spatiotemporal statistics) 
Analyze performance, accuracy, and utility of Earth Observation data, components, and approaches in both time and space. 
Be on the constant lookout for relevant datasets and new methodologies that will improve our products 
 Requirements
 MS or higher degrees in Geographic Information Science, Computer Science or related engineering fields.
 1+year prior experience leading technical projects on developing and improving GIS data products, including GIS data processing/QA/QC 
3+ years of experience in processing and analyzing geospatial data including geospatial data QA/QC experience.
 5+ years of experience in Geographical Information Systems 
Experience in writing Python codes for data processing/analysis 
Knowledge of GDAL and open-source GIS tools including PostgreSQL and PostGIS databases 
 Nice to have 
Experience in disaster management and/or hazard modeling
 Knowledge and/or experience in Machine Learning, or Artificial Intelligence 
Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to explain the details of various data sets to people from other fields One Concern 30+ days ago original job Report job Data Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at One Concern in Menlo Park, CA Data Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
