
 
 
 
 IT Service Delivery Manager - Remote - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Service Delivery Manager - Remote Mayo Clinic 2,300 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Remote Mayo Clinic 2,300 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Information Technology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career!
 Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits . Eligibility may vary. 
Position description 
The IT Service Delivery Manager is responsible for ensuring IT services meet customer needs and expectations as agreed to in the published service catalog or other service offering. The main competency of a Service Delivery Manager centers on the disciplines of operations management and/or delivery of services. This responsibility includes full life cycle management for each service: definition, design, construction and operation, as well as the evolution of service offerings in partnership with stakeholders. IT Service Delivery Managers are responsible for all phases of life cycle management of the service and to ensure continuous improvement efforts are dedicated to delivering high performing, reliable, and consistent operations and developing tech culture based teams while optimizing costs and delivery times. The IT Service Delivery Manager is responsible for standardizing work intake processes, prioritizing work, and all aspects of workforce planning including ensuring direct reports are adequately trained, aligning resources with appropriate assignments and managing team performance. IT Service Delivery Managers provide structure, guidance and support for budget planning and staffing for delivery of service. May serve as Secretary, Assistant Secretary or member of IT for institutional committees. 
This position will lead the Infrastructure Architecture, Planning and Design unit; a team responsible for the assessment and design of mission critical technological solutions including high performance computing, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, data storage, analytics, networks, and endpoint devices.
 Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree with 6 years of experience, which includes 2 years of demonstrated leadership experience. Experienced with committee and consensus-managed, physician-led organization. Other Qualifications: Requires skill in effective decision making and effective consensus management. Strong understanding of finance, business processes, budgeting and human resources development. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated history of continuing education in personnel and administrative processes. Experience with personnel management, resource allocation, coaching and mentoring. 
Additional qualifications 
Master's degree preferred with 4 years of experience. Experience working in healthcare technology. Experience with managing both custom developed and vendor-supplied products and services. Some travel may be required in this position. 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $4,588.00 - $6,653.60 based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
Monday - Friday Days 
This position is 100% remote with the United States. 
We will not sponsor or transfer VISA's for this position. 
Weekend schedule 
Not typical 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
IT and Engineering 
Career profile 
Information Technology 
Job posting number 
154020BR 
Recruiter 
Shelly Weir 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Service Delivery Manager jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Service Delivery Manager salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,300 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
