
 
 
 
 Mid to Sr. Unity 3D Programmer - US Citizenship Required - Huntsville, AL 35806 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Mid to Sr. Unity 3D Programmer - US Citizenship Required AVNIK Defense Solutions, Inc. Huntsville, AL 35806 Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Mid to Sr Unity 3D Programmer - US Citizenship Required 
 
Location  Huntsville, AL 
 
Schedule  Part-time and/or Full Time 
 
Su m m ary : 
 
AVNIK is a Woman Owned Small Business, equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against otherwise qualified applicants on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, age, sex, gender, marital status, national origin, disability or handicap, or veteran status. 
 
AVNIK is seeking a Mid/Senior level highly motivated, creative, and organized Computer Science (CS) programmer with a focus on immersive technologies and related gaming experience in software development for systems optimization, data reuse, and sustainment. 
 
The successful candidate will turn customer requirements into code in a fast moving environment. You will be involved in various aspects of game creations from concept to finished product including coding, programming, human-machine interface (with several different peripherals), audio and design. Ability to work within a team is crucial. 
 
Candidates must clearly express ideas/concepts verbally and in writing, perform as part of multi-disciplinary teams/IPTs/Working Groups, and operate fluidly in a multi-tasking environment. Ability to work under strict time frames to meet both internal and external deadlines and customer expectations. Must be able to manage own work and be able to balance multiple tasks and adapt quickly to new processes. 
 
Position requires that candidate successfully complete Background Investigation requirements and obtain a final security clearance in order to access classified information. Inability to obtain a security clearance will result in candidate being ineligible for this position. 
 Responsibilities : 
 
 Identify and document customer requirements 
 Translate requirements into complicated but clean, efficient, and  maintainable  code 
 Construct the base or the engine on which the game will run 
 Document development processes 
 Produce prototypes of gameplay ideas and features 
 Develop schedules and determine milestones 
 Generate game scripts and storyboards 
 Animate characters and objects 
 Contribute to the design and audio features of the game 
 Create unit tests and validation procedures to assure quality 
 Detect identification and resolution and document technical specifications 
 “Polish” the game, maintain code, fix bugs and iron out occurring problems 
 
 
Preferred Education Requirements: 
 
 A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college/university in Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related technical field with a background or interest in computer programming or game technology. Mid to Senior Level includes 3 to over 5 years of experience. 
 
 
Required Experience 
 
 Demonstrated experience with Unity3D (required). 
 Hands on experience primarily with C# or C++ or other programming languages (Java, C, etc) 
 High level knowledge of APIs and libraries 
 Up-to-date with the latest gaming trends, techniques, best practices and technologies 
 Ability to solve problems creatively and effectively 
 Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 Must be able to manage own work and be able to balance multiple tasks and adapt quickly to new processes. 
 
 
Preferred Skills in one or more of the following areas: 
 
 Augmented Reality Systems such as Microsoft HoloLens 
 Virtual Reality Systems such as Oculus Rift 
 Familiarity with Object-Oriented language for applications with video game development 
 Familiarity with CryEngine and Unreal Engine 4 Game Engine 
 Familiarity with one or more programming specialties (virtual reality/augmented reality, artificial intelligence, 3D Visualization, 3D Rendering, 3D animation, physics, multiplayer/networking, and/or audio). 
 Understanding of software development, modeling and/or testing, and administration of Microsoft Server and MS SQL server, MYSQL database, (or Oracle) 
 Understanding of Logistics Product Data (LPD) Reuse for Sustainment Operations and GEIA-STD-0007 and Digital Thread 
 Demonstrated understanding and wide application of System Engineering technical principles, theories and concepts, along with complete Software Development life cycle knowledge is necessary. 
 Previous work within an Army data center and virtual machine environment is preferred. Ability to work under strict time frames to meet both internal and external deadlines and customer expectations. 
 
 Additional Requirements: 
 
 Ability to successfully complete Background Investigation to include; 50 State Criminal, Education, Employment, Credit and Driving Records Checks for continued employment 
 Must be able to obtain a SECRET security clearance. Possession of an INTERIM SECRET security clearance is required to begin employment; Ability to maintain a SECRET security clearance is required for continued employment;  US Citizenship is   required 
 
 
AVNIK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and offers a competitive salary/benefits package Salary commensurate with experience and education. AVNIK Defense Solutions, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Programmer jobs in Huntsville, AL Jobs at AVNIK Defense Solutions in Huntsville, AL Senior Programmer salaries in Huntsville, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from AVNIK Defense Solutions, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
