
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Analyst - Rosslyn, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Business Intelligence Analyst Deloitte Rosslyn, VA 22209 In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.
 Work you'll do
 Company, financial, and/or person due diligence and research
 Intelligence analysis experience (OSINT, all source, etc.)
 The team
 Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 The GPS Strategy offering leads strategic planning & portfolio management and reporting & monitoring workstreams. This includes day-to-day client interaction and leads to the creation of relevant resources and materials (such as strategic plans, roadmaps, etc.) and work products (such as development of performance metrics, tracking dashboards, etc.) in order to successfully implement client vision.
 Qualifications
 Required: 
 
 Bachelor's degree required
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future
 Activ e TS/SCI security clearance required
 Travel up to 25%
 Preferred:
 Federal consulting experience
 
How you'll grow
 At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Deloitte 11 days ago original job Report job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Rosslyn, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Rosslyn, VA Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Rosslyn, VA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
