
 
 
 
 Member of Research Staff - FLA - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Member of Research Staff - FLA Fujitsu 2,007 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Fujitsu 2,007 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Member of Research Staff - FLA - FLA00504 
Description 
Fujitsu Laboratories of America (FLA)  is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd., Fujitsu's Research and Development Division. Our corporate headquarters is in Sunnyvale, California. We innovate and develop real-world technologies that impact a broad range of industries, and our visionary scientists work to create and unfold new and improved technologies. 
 
 Globally, Fujitsu Laboratories has a rich history spanning over 50 years in cutting-edge innovation and research, supporting the global Fujitsu Group’s brand promise, “Shaping tomorrow with you.” From the first relay-based mainframe to the prototype of Fugaku, one of the fastest supercomputers (developed with RIKEN), Fujitsu has led the way in advanced information and communications technology (ICT) research. Our future R&D strategy and vision center around co-creation with our customers to solve their Digital Transformation (DX) challenges by applying our ground-breaking digital technologies. 
 
 At FLA, our research areas cover a range of topics including artificial intelligence, software engineering, cyber security, blockchain, and next-generation computer systems. We leverage our presence in the Silicon Valley” to collaborate closely with universities and other research institutes. 
 
 We are soliciting applications from qualified candidates, for the position of Member of Research Staff, in the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, located at FLA's Sunnyvale campus. The researcher would conduct cutting-edge research and develop practical industrial solutions at the intersection of software engineering and data science. 
 
Qualifications 
Exceptional candidates with a PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related disciplines, are encouraged to apply. The position requires a candidate with a strong background in software engineering and program analysis. Relevant research experience in the areas of machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, compiler design, and formal methods would be a plus, but not required. 
 
Job Type  New Graduate 
Job  Engineering 
Primary Location CA-Sunnyvale Fujitsu 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Fujitsu in Sunnyvale, CA Researcher salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fujitsu Fujitsu 2,007 reviews Largest IT services provider in Japan and 5th in the world*

Fujitsu is the leading Japanese information and communication technology (... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
