
 
 
 
 Software Developer - Enterprise Content Management - Peachtree City, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer - Enterprise Content Management Capgemini 8,238 reviews Peachtree City, GA Capgemini 8,238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Understand present system architecture of In-Vehicle Infotainment Embedded System and work on customization and enhancement of Infotainment System as per new requirements 
Work on features related to System Services/ OS-BSP 
Software Requirement analysis, estimating new features 
Design, development and testing as per the process 
Defect analysis and Fixing 
Communication with internal and external stakeholders 
Requirements : 
Bachelor\'s degree in Computer/Electronics,/Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related 
Min 7 + years as Embedded/Automotive SW developer 
Strong C and C++ 
Scripting language : Shell, Python 
Hands-on Experience on OS - Linux /AGL and Android 
Low level Drivers experience: SPI, UART, GPIOs, Bootloaders, Flash driver 
Good analytical and communication skills 
Very strong debugging skills, documentation 
Working knowledge of Software Configuration Management (SCM) systems. 
Working knowledge of a Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). 
Java (Not mandatory, preferred) 
OS: Android framework knowledge is plus 
Exp or knowledge of Hypervisor concepts or Linux containers is plus. 
Preferred Exp. on software Update module: OTA Flashing, Packaging, Security - TLS concepts etc 
Any relevant certification is a plus 
Familiarity with Agile/Scrum\" 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Peachtree City, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Peachtree City, GA Software Developer salaries in Peachtree City, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,238 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
