
 
 
 
 Senior Software Developer - Medical Computing - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Developer - Medical Computing Kitware Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Team Description: 
Kitware's Medical Computing team solves complex healthcare challenges through customized software solutions. The team provides research, development, and technology integration services to research centers, universities and companies in the medical and biomedical sectors. By joining our team you will participate in a dynamic multidisciplinary work environment with exceptionally talented computer scientists, software engineers, mechanical engineers and biomedical engineers. 
About the projects: 
We build powerful software solutions using our well-established open source platforms including VTK, ITK, 3D Slicer, Pulse, iMSTK, CMake and ParaView. Our commercial projects involve generating solutions for medical device companies from ultrasound and preclinical imaging companies, to surgery device companies. Our research projects involve collaborations with top research institutions, including Harvard Medical School, MIT, the University of Utah, Cleveland Clinic, Duke University and others and build on our open source platforms. 
 
 
In This Position You Will: 
Collaborate with others to design, develop, and improve medical image analysis, visualization and simulation software across a wide range of computing environments including but not limited to Windows and Unix/OS X 
Contribute software for our research and commercial collaborations. 
Have the opportunity and be expected to learn new programming languages and contribute code to large already existing software codebases 
 Required Qualifications: 
Highly proficient in C++ programming 
B.S. and 3-5 years of work experience in software engineering or related field or advanced degree in computer science and 1 year of work experience in software engineering or related field 
Demonstrated software development expertise (e.g., active github account, successful school project, or documented open-source contributions) 
Enthusiasm for programming, learning, problem solving, and tracking technology trends 
Exceptional collaboration and communication skills 
Revision control system experience (we use git) 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with GUI design, human-computer interaction, look and feel strategies, and user experience improvement. 
Experience with multithreaded programming 
Experience in mobile development (iOS, Android) 
Experience in medical image analysis and visualization 
Experience with open-source toolkits and applications for medical image analysis and visualizations such as ITK, VTK, and 3D Slicer. 
Familiarity with 3D rendering APIs (OpenGL, Vulkan, Metal, etc.) 
Familiarity with high-quality software practices (test-driven development, documentation, software review processes, and cross-platform support). 
 Company Description 
Kitware collaborates with customers to solve the world’s most complex scientific challenges through customized software solutions. Kitware delivers innovation by focusing on advanced technical computing, state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, and full-spectrum software solutions. Since its founding in 1998, Kitware has developed a reputation for deep customer understanding and technical expertise, honest interactions, and open innovation. We are proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. For additional information, please visit kitware.com. You can also follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
Additional information 
Kitware is proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. Our team members enjoy a small company environment, flexibility in work assignments, and high levels of independence and responsibility. Besides a great work environment, our comprehensive benefits package includes a generous compensation plan, tuition reimbursement program, flexible working hours, six weeks paid time off, 401(k), health insurance, life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, bonus plan, and free coffee, drinks and snacks. 
Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. Kitware 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Kitware in Remote Senior Software Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kitware Kitware Inc. is a software research and development company. Our core areas of expertise are computer vision, data and analytics, scienti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
