
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer Virtualization - Provo, UT 84606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer Virtualization SUSE 23 reviews Provo, UT 84606 Remote SUSE 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Software Engineer Virtualization 
Job Description: 
About Us 
SUSE  the world’s largest independent open source company, helps customers, partners and communities  be  the difference  in their spheres of influence. Through open collaboration and agile, enterprise-grade open source solutions, customers, partners and communities are empowered to simplify tasks, modernize environments and accelerate business innovation – ultimately reaping the benefits of measurable value and better futures. Our customer obsessed operating model means exceptional service, value, flexibility and customer choice, with no enforced lock in. 
SUSE ’s open, open source approach helps our customers and partners move their businesses forward, transforming IT, delivering increased agility and faster innovation.
 SUSE ’s Engineering & Innovation (E&I) oversees the technology innovation, and product and solution development and delivery of SUSE’s global portfolio, built within various open source projects and communities. 
Reports In To 
Core Labs Virtualization Engineering Manager 
Location 
US, Provo or other locations, Virtual-Global-Home Office. 
Objective  of the role 
The Sr. Software Engineer will work in  Open Source  communities and within the SUSE Labs (Core) Organization, Virtualization Team, 
to develop and support our SUSE Linux Enterprise KVM Virtualization stack, including the convergence technologies between Virtual Machines and Containers (Kubevirt). 
Focus Area 
More specifically, s/he will: 
Within the team 
Develop and maintain virtualization components in collaboration with the team, including QEMU, libvirt, KVM, kubevirt 
Implement new features for customers and partners 
Adapt novel upstream changes to the production versions 
Act quickly on resolving key premium customer support requests in collaboration with the support organization (L3) 
Plan individual goals, upstream and downstream activities with the Engineering Manager. 
Within Open Source 
Pursue responsible participation and leadership in Open Source projects in the KVM stack. 
Work collaboratively within the upstream communities to develop the next generation of virtualization technologies. 
Publish results, discuss and incorporate new ideas in the major conferences and events. 
Within the Engineering & Innovation Business Unit 
Collaborate with product teams as needed, promote requirements, technology and knowledge exchange between teams. 
Work together with QA teams, acting on issues and performance regressions. 
Overall 
Maintain the highest possible standards for innovative products/solutions and professional relationships. 
About You 
Are you ready for the world-switch? 
Must have Linux virtualization experience in the area of KVM virtualization  and / or  Container Virtualization Convergence projects. 
Must be familiar with and able to work upstream, fully embedded in Open Source 
Proficiency with Linux, git and at least one system programming language are required at a high professional level. 
Additional proficiency or interest in languages (C, Go, Rust) constitutes a plus. 
Must have strong general Software Engineering background 
Knowledgeable about general IT industry trends and best practices 
Fluent in the English language 
Any experience with simplifying complex processes in order to scale efforts more efficiently constitutes a plus. 
Must be able to pursue high level goals with autonomy, being responsible, dependable, adaptable and flexible. 
SUSE  is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status 
https://www.suse.com/company/careers/ 
Job: 
Engineering 
SUSE , the world’s largest independent open source software company, powers digital transformation with true open source technologies for the enterprise that simplify, modernize and accelerate traditional, cloud and edge solutions. SUSE collaborates with partners, communities and customers to deliver and support solutions that enable mission-critical business outcomes. SUSE’s container and cloud platforms, software-defined infrastructure, and artificial intelligence and edge computing solutions allow customers to create, deploy and manage workloads anywhere – on premises, hybrid and multi-cloud. For more information, visit  www.suse.com . Suse 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Provo, UT Jobs at SUSE in Provo, UT Senior Software Engineer salaries in Provo, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from SUSE SUSE 23 reviews SUSE, the world’s largest independent open source company, provides unparalleled customer choice and powers digital transformation for th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
