
 
 
 
 Customer Engineer- MSM - CTJ - Reston, VA 20190 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Engineer- MSM - CTJ Microsoft 7,129 reviews Reston, VA 20190 Microsoft 7,129 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Growth mindset encourages each of us to lean in and learn what matters most to our customers, to create the foundational knowledge that enables us to make customer-first decisions in everything we do. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission. 
Microsoft Federal 
 Microsoft Federal delivers a single unified organization centered around our customer:  All critical customer functions are brought under the same organizational umbrella. Bringing together the breadth and depth in our space with a razor sharp focus on serving the U.S. Government. Our federal customers’ expectations of how to contract, interact, and partner with us are changing, and they need to evolve at the pace of the private sector. Launching a nimble, empowered organization with comprehensive resources allows us to work hand in hand with our customers to accelerate their technology innovation, whether through R&D or through direct contracting. 
Microsoft Federal serves the U.S. Government (USG), allowing Microsoft to support the growing government business. The organization supports the capabilities and requirements to service USG through direct sales, contracting, and billing with the USG. Microsoft Federal entity will meet obligations of manage contracts with the USG through six business teams and three enablement teams. 
 We are committed to  empowering our teams , building upon our strategic investments, and delivering the technology to achieve federal missions. As our federal customers pursue their work, from defending the nation, to serving its citizens in challenging times, they look to Microsoft to help them innovate, and they expect end-to-end engagement tailored to their needs. 
Microsoft has been committed to and continues to heavily invest in supporting our Federal Government. Microsoft Federal offers our full spectrum of products and services, including hardware, software, online products, and consulting and services. 
Join us and be one who helps to empower the US government!  That’s incredible  reach . When you combine that with your own  inspiration , plus the  freedom  and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge  impact. 
Microsoft Federal Customer Success org helps customers realize their potential through accelerated adoption and productive use of Microsoft technologies. As an important part of the Customer Success organization, the CDD practice exists to drive process led solutions and provide operational subject matter expertise aligned with customer business needs. End goals are reduction of IT operational risks, service modernization in support of Digital Transformation, increased customer satisfaction, and confidence in the Microsoft platform and services. 
 
Microsoft Federal CSU is looking for a Customer Engineer (CE) for Modern Service Management (formerly IT Service Management) & Adoption Change Management with a mix of advanced technology and strategic business acumen. This role is challenging and diverse and requires an awareness of market and industry trends, and ongoing personal and professional development. This is a fantastic opportunity to be part of a passionate and dynamic practice in an organization striving to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. This role helps drive and support service transformation in enterprise organizations through pre-defined Premier offerings, as well as longer-term support engagements as a Designated or Dedicated Support Engineer (DSE).
 
 
The CE role is primarily focused on the delivery of high quality service management and adoption change management services and requires deep process and IT Operations knowledge, broad technology knowledge and the ability to map customer business problems to process-combined-with-technology solutions. Responsibilities include delivering Premier led engagements; providing subject matter expertise for large, enterprise customers; conducting service management and adoption assessments; and designing, developing, and implementing solutions to drive transformation aligned to Modern Service Management & Adoption Change Management concepts and principles.
 
 
The candidate must have a passion for the customer, demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experience. This person must also be able to deliver articulate and effective strategic presentations to audiences of all sizes as well as CXO level audiences. The role requires an individual who is resourceful and confident under pressure. 
 
These projects require the ability to conduct short and medium-term engagements as well as deliver workshops and training courses. In addition, as a subject matter expert, the CE is required to provide internal and direct sales support, as well as customer advisory services. The role requires an individual who can establish relationships and actively participate in Microsoft worldwide communities. Success is measured by quality of delivery, customer satisfaction, virtual team feedback and integration, and level of sales support. 
Responsibilities 
Deliver MSM Services and Adoption Change Management engagements including workshops, assessments, support programs and other Premier services 
 Deliver high quality engagements in both large-scale project environments and smaller, single staffed engagement models Engage in IT and business executive discussions related Modern Service Management principles and concepts, Digital Transformation, and overall IT Operations and Adoption.
 Transfer knowledge and share best practices with team members to help enhance the quality of engagement delivery and the customer experience.
 Participate in Microsoft communities, evangelize Modern Service Management, and contribute to Intellectual Property.
 Establish effective working relationships with cross-area project teams and work through appropriate escalation channels when necessary.
 Work as “One Microsoft” to establish strong relationships with account-aligned organizations, Microsoft Services, offerings teams, and other internal resources as appropriate  Overnight travel is required. Travel requirements vary regionally and could be as much as 75%. 
The candidate hired for this position can live anywhere in the U.S. and must be willing to travel to customer locations" 
Qualifications 
Ideally 7 or more years of operations consulting skills and/or service delivery manager experience 
 Ideally a BS/BA in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Business, or related field or equivalent work experience
 Ideally 7 or more years in complex IT Service Management (ITSM) and Adoption Change Management work At least 3+ years of working with Azure technologies preferred At least 3+ years of working with M365/O365 technologies preferred At least 1+ years of working with Azure DevOps technologies preferred Certification in ITIL Foundations is a preferred, along with the ability to apply modern process solutions in real-world environments Experience desired in Six Sigma methods, IT Governance frameworks like COBIT, business value methods like Gartner TCO, project management, organizational change such as PROSCI, and DevOps and Agile methodologies.
 At least 3 years of experience with modern technologies such as Microsoft Azure, Office 365, Dynamics, Windows Operating Systems, Microsoft (Azure) Active-Directory, , Artificial Intelligence, Cyber Security, Open Source Software (OSS), and a demonstrable ability to quickly learn and apply technology competencies is preferred To be successful in this role the candidate would need to be passionate about making a difference, be able to work autonomously and as part of an extended team, conduct themselves with integrity, courage, and professionalism as they aspire to a trusted advisor status with customers and partners. Communication is a key attribute of this role and the candidate will need effective and demonstrable written, verbal, and presentations skills; with the ability to communicate at all levels of an organization from line management through to the CIO. IT service management concepts can be abstract, and the candidate should be sufficiently confident and articulate to describe, as well as adopt and drive a Modern Service Management mindset. 
US Citizenship 
The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen. Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. 
Secret Clearance 
The successful candidate must have an active U.S. Government Secret Security Clearance. Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. Failure to maintain or obtain the appropriate clearance and/or customer screening requirements may result in employment action up to and including termination.
 Clearance Verification: This position requires successful verification of the stated security clearance to meet federal government customer requirements. You will be asked to provide clearance verification information prior to an offer of employment. 
Cloud Screening: Candidates must be able to successfully complete and pass a Microsoft Cloud background screening. Required Cloud Screenings will be administered on a recurring bi-annual basis. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#FederalCareers Microsoft 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Engineer jobs in Reston, VA Jobs at Microsoft in Reston, VA Customer Engineer salaries in Reston, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,129 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
