
 
 
 
 Software Sr Engineer - Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Developer - New York, NY 10017 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Sr Engineer - Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) Developer Wells Fargo 40,738 reviews New York, NY 10017 Wells Fargo 40,738 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job Description 
Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as 'Personal Cell' or 'Cellular' in the contact information of your application. 
At Wells Fargo, we are looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. We are seeking candidates who embrace diversity, equity and inclusion in a workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired. 
Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. 
Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure; provides information security; and enables Wells Fargo global customers to have 24 hours a day, 7 days a week banking access through in-branch, online, ATMs, and other channels. 
Our mission is to deliver stable, secure, scalable, and innovative services at speeds that delight and satisfy our customers and unleash the skills potential of our employees. 
Wells Fargo Capital Markets ETrading Technology is looking for an Architect / senior engineer to be responsible for a hands-on development role for D2C (dealer to client) flows for Macro (Fixed Income & FX), and Spread trading asset classes. The asset classes in scope are US Treasury, Interest Rate Swaps, Agency, Municipals, CDS, MBS, Corporate Bonds, Structured Notes, Asset Backed Finance, Foreign Exchange, etc. 
Wells Fargo Electronic Trading Technology is looking for a Software Sr Engineer to work closely with Quants/Data Scientists and Traders to develop AI/ML based strategies algos for the FICC electronic trading desks. The Candidate will be: 
 Responsible for leveraging current data access strategy, APIs and tools to meet the data needs of the Quants and Data Scientists 
 Responsible for the model exploration and implementation of strategies within the Electronic trading technology stack. 
 Be an active contributor towards data gathering and data access strategy 
Ideal candidates will have: 
 Experience developing AI/ML and/or Quantitative models/strategies preferably on a trading desk 
 Experience in the full life cycle of model development i.e exploration, development, validation, implementation in production and monitoring. 
 Experience with Tick Database like q/kdb+/OneTick or similar 
 Very strong programming skills in Python and Java. 
 Clear understanding of how to leverage high-velocity data persistence and reporting for strategy development and monitoring 
 Prior experience developing analytics for a trading desk 
 
Required Qualifications 
7+ years of software engineering experience 
A BS/BA degree or higher in science or technology 
10 + years of Core Java experience 
5 + years of experience supporting electronic trading (etrading) platforms 
5+ years of algorithmic development experience 
5+ years of Low Latency systems development or implementation experience 
5+ years of Multi-Threading Experience 
6+ years of securities industry experience 
3+ years of Python experience 
Desired Qualifications 
An industry-standard technology certification 
Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 
A Master's degree or higher in operations research, applied statistics, economics, computer science, electrical engineering or a related field 
5+ years of C++ experience 
Knowledge and understanding of equity and fixed income trading 
Other Desired Qualifications 
 
 Technology buildout experience in Fixed Income eTrading and/or FX or Equities domain knowledge 
 Experience with KDB or One Tick 
 Must have experience using high performance programming techniques in JAVA. 
 Ability to work closely with traders, product managers, quants and data scientists, to help architect, design, implement and deliver eTrading platform in trading asset class agnostic fashion. 
 Good communication skill is imperative because of the above. 
 C++ and JavaScript programming knowledge are additional pluses. 
 Huge plus if knowledgeable about software and infrastructure low latency technology constructs. 
 Automated regression testing capability is a huge plus too. 
 
Street Address 
NY-New York:  150 E 42nd St - New York, NY 
 NJ-North Brunswick:  100 Fidelity Plz - North Brunswick, NJ Wells Fargo 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Wells Fargo in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wells Fargo Wells Fargo 40,738 reviews Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo’... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
