
 
 
 
 IT Business Intelligence Analyst - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications IT Business Intelligence Analyst Micron Boise, ID Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 300662 
Micron Technology’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people, innovation, tenacity, collaboration, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and professionalism while supporting our global community. 
If you like understanding business processes, helping to design solutions, working with a wide range of people and delivering results that matter, this is an opportunity for you. As a SAP BI Functional Analyst (BIA) in Information Technology you will work with cross functional teams, to create analytic capability, providing decision makers with actionable business intelligence. You will partner closely with Business and IT functional teams to understand business process learn the data and craft solutions to solve problems. 
You will work with architects and engineers to model data that can deliver answers to business questions and fit within a strategic direction for architecture. You will have the opportunity to work on strategic BI initiatives that are driven from Micron’s business strategy and have an immediate impact to customers. This role will work closely with Sales and Supply Chain. 
This position requires cross functional coordination, outstanding communication skills, creative problem solving and a highly organized, process-focused aptitude to manage a variety of responsibilities and deliverables. In this role, you will have the opportunity to utilize your passion for technology and business process excellence. Position will be located in Boise, Idaho. 
 
Responsibilities include: 
Lead BI Solution lifecycle through requirement gathering, analysis, design, data-modeling, testing and deployment 
Architect, design and prototype solutions to support business strategies and deliver business value 
Communicate with users to ensure BI deliverables are providing business value 
Work with end users and IT teams to resolve operational issues and mitigate risk 
Help business users leverage the appropriate BI techniques and tools 
Work with project teams to document business requirements definitions, including business opportunity, vision of solution and expected benefits 
Review project success criteria ensuring deliverable and stakeholder alignment 
Build relationships with business areas, understand their commitments, establish trust and dialogue on how to support those commitments 
Perform impact analysis and gap analysis to create data flow diagrams that support key business process and information capabilities 
Work with the Business area subject matter experts to learn the data and understand how it is used by various areas supporting business process 
 
Qualifications and Experience: 
Minimum of 6 years’ work experience in Business Intelligence 
A passion for data and information 
Strong analytical, problem solving and organizational skills 
Good communication skills (written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal) 
Proficiency in reading and writing SQL queries 
The ability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced, work environment 
Solid project management skills 
Experience in building strong teams 
Experience with SAP HANA (Native HANA), SAP ECC, SAP BW 
Solid experience with SQL 
Experience using several of the following: Agile; Data Warehousing; SAP/BW/Business Objects; SQL; Data Modeling; Data flow mapping; Source to target mapping; Requirements gathering and data analysis; Microsoft BI Suite; Tableau; Testing & data validation techniques 
 
Education : 
B.S. degree in Information Systems or Information Technology, Computer Science, related fields of study. 
 
About Us 
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world. 
 
Micron Benefits 
Employee Rewards Program, Healthcare, Paid time off (Combined Sick and Vacation Time), Retirement savings plans, Paid maternity/paternity leave, Employee Assistance Program, Professional development training, Workplace wellness programs, Micron Health Clinic (Boise only), Fitness Center/Activity rooms (Boise/San Jose only), Tuition Reimbursement, Micron Corporate Discounts, Casual Dress attire. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Information Systems and Technology || #LI-JC4 || Tier 4 || Micron 25 days ago original job Report job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Boise, ID Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
