
 
 
 
 Customer Experience Specialist - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Experience Specialist Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Atlanta, GA Remote Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Atlanta, Georgia | Customer Experience
 We’re looking for energized and highly motivated Customer Experience Specialists to join our new ATL team and help create an amazing culture. If you’re a get-shit-done kind of person who is driven by empathy, this one’s for you. We are a remote team so you must be comfortable with working from home! 
 
During a typical day, you’ll be asked to provide surprisingly delightful customer service while advocating for our community. Patience, superb verbal and written communication skills, and a great sense of humor are a must. 
 
 
Requirements 
1-2 years experience in a customer-facing role 
Experience in a phone support role is a plus 
Ability to efficiently use digital communication channels 
Commitment to upholding company values and standards with professionalism and a positive attitude 
Passion for creating the best customer experiences imaginable 
All-around team player, self-starter, and problem solver 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 17 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Specialist jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Atlanta, GA Customer Specialist salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
