
 
 
 
 Pointnext Automation Centre of Excellence – AI and Machine Learning Engineer - Buena Park, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Pointnext Automation Centre of Excellence – AI and Machine Learning Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise Buena Park, CA Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. We bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our new customers make their mark on the world. 
Our new innovative IT services organisation is HPE Pointnext. We have the expertise to advise, integrate and accelerate our customers’ outcomes from their digital transformation. 
Automation is taking hold at HPE Pointnext Technology Services and we want you to join our Robotic Process Automation Center of Excellence. Our team will enable the widespread use of the Workfusion software platform for RPA (Robotic Process Automation), leading the creation & deployment of “bots” to support the HPE Pointnext activities. Also, we will be extending into other techniques like Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, to enhance the way we serve our customers and partners. 
As a part of the Automation COE, we are looking for engineers with the ability to provide second level support for our Service Cloud (Salesforce & PSA) as well as start us on the journey to create, deploy and operationally support the use of “bots” into our service cloud infrastructure (Salesforce & PSA) this would be utilising not just Workfusion but also more complex techniques like Machine Learning (Data Science) & Artificial Intelligence (as provided by Salesforce Platform). 
The Engineer will need a deep technical understanding of the Salesforce but also will need to comprehend the business process the solution supports so they can offer technical troubleshooting for production issues. 
Engaging closely with other teams they will be accountable to develop a plan that will deliver operational support to user community, enabling successful releases of the tool. They will need to participate in testing and business validation ensuring that issues detected are properly captured and solved by the IT team 
Responsibilities:
 Leads and develops product support or solution(s) planning over entire lifecycle, including conformance to pricing strategies, end-to-end service delivery and sales readiness and associated processes. 
Represents services on product or solution core teams and provides service requirements into product development stages/phases, e.g., Product warranty support and cost analysis, and Service Product Marketing content/collateral. 
Performs business analysis, identifies root cause, and develops recommendations/ solutions to drive business improvements. 
Collaborates with regions/WW regarding service and support planning, implementation and performance. 
Responsible for revenue and margin contribution of one solution or related set of services. 
Utilizes understanding of customer business requirements to develop business case, validate the solution, and demonstrate services added value. 
Leads key business initiatives in support of operational or financial improvement . 
Education and Experience Required:
 Typically 5+ years to establish proven track record in directly related business. 
Typically first level university degree or equivalent work experience; advanced degree is a plus . 
Knowledge and Skills:
 Moderate knowledge of IT and services industry knowledge of the company's organization, policies, services offerings, end to end processes, tools, and routes to market. 
General technical understanding of products. 
Problem detection and analysis of root cause. 
Leads teams to achieve results. 
Proficiency with desktop applications and familiarity with financial reporting tools. 
Moderate level of planning, project management and change management skills. 
Good communication skills. 
Influence within same team and level. 
What we can offer you: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and shared values/ purpose, make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers. At HPE our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexibility/ work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. 
If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
COLORADO ONLY: 
We are legally required to provide the following information for candidates seeking to staff this role in Colorado. The Colorado expected salary/wage range for this position is listed immediately below, although we reserve the right to offer above this range for exceptional candidates. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, and/or skill level. Bonus, commission, and/or equity may also be offered. Information about employee benefits offered can be found at http: explorebenefits.hpe.com (user id: benefits / password: preview). 
Annual Salary: $79,000.00 - $114,600.00 
#diversity #opportunity 
1079891 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 18 days ago original job Report job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Buena Park, CA Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Buena Park, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Buena Park, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
