
 
 
 
 Sr. Financial Analyst, AWS AI and Machine Learning - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Financial Analyst, AWS AI and Machine Learning Amazon.com Services LLC 70,583 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,583 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 5+ years of finance experience or a related analytical field. 
 
BA/BS degree in Finance, Accounting, Business, Engineering and/or similar discipline with analytical bias and a minimum 5 years of finance experience
 
Come and be part of the Amazon AWS Artificial Intelligence finance team! We are a cloud AWS service that helps customers run machine learning algorithms on various Big Data systems in a scalable and cost-effective manner. With Machine Learning, businesses now ask our machines to do more than repetitive, strictly-defined tasks. We are taking it one step further and have begun to ask them to not only learn on their own but to also interpret data and report to the customer before they even knew they needed it. It's a step in history for you to be a part of.
 
AWS Finance Vision team seeks a world class Senior Financial Analyst to be a key member of its team. This position will work closely with finance management as well as key business partners across the AWS organization, including Product Managers and Engineers, to drive thoughtful analysis and controllership in the AWS Artificial Intelligence (AI) businesses in the Vision area.
 
 Some key responsibilities will include: 
 
 Taking the lead in financial planning; building complex financial models and analytical tools to measure overall financial performance 
 Managing the AWS AI P&L and influencing business decisions that drive revenue and/or capital expenditures 
 Developing short and long range financial/operational forecasts 
 Developing and standardizing financial reports 
 Providing financial recommendations on a variety of investments, deal negotiations, new product launches and regional expansions as well as the capital expenditure planning for a new product/region roll-out. 
 Supporting business partners at Amazon requires the ability to dissent, while building trust with your business partners. A successful analyst will gain the reputation for “being right a lot.” 
 Additional responsibilities include helping refine the capacity planning process and modeling improvements to help drive positive Free Cash Flow. 
 
This role requires a self-starter with a strong financial modeling background, problem solving skills, a keen attention to detail, ability to work in a fast-paced environment with ambiguous situations, and solid skills in project management. This role has regular interaction with various business units across Amazon and requires strong people skills.
 
 
 Advanced knowledge of Excel/ financial modeling 
 Strong financial modeling skills, including knowledge of SQL 
 Strong interpersonal skills — including written and oral communication skills 
 An ability to meet tight deadlines and prioritize workload 
 An ability to develop new ideas and creative solutions 
 An ability to work independently and self-motivate in a fast-paced and rapidly-changing environment 
 MBA 
 Knowledge of cloud computing industry 
 Experience in a technology company or high-tech environment 
 Experience with TM1/Cognos or similar tools 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Financial Analyst jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Financial Analyst salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,583 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
