
 
 
 
 Software Engineering Intern - Colorado Springs, CO 80910 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineering Intern Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Colorado Springs, CO 80910 Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 As a Software Engineer at MITRE, you will enjoy a collaborative environment where you will work closely with others in an organization that encourages and values collaboration, mentoring, and continuous learning. You will have the opportunity to leverage and grow your hands-on software engineering expertise as you contribute to real challenges across a variety of domains.
 While responding to these challenges, you will leverage and grow your hands-on skills with software design and development, engaging in the full software engineering lifecycle using modern technologies. You will gain experience with one or more of the following:
 Cyber Security
 Data Analysis & Visualization
 DevSecOps
 Cloud Engineering
 Mobile Computing
 Full-Stack Development
 Embedded Systems and Internet of Things
 Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
 Modeling and Simulation
 Model-Based Engineering
 Virtual Reality
 We are committed to finding the best fit for you now and throughout your career.
 Required Qualifications
 Candidate must be pursuing a degree in a technical discipline (including but not limited to Software Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, etc.)
 Demonstrated ability and desire to quickly learn and apply new technologies
 Ability to work both independently and collaboratively with colleagues
 High level desire to help their nation solve its most critical challenges
  Preferred Qualifications
 "Hands-on" skills in at least one object-oriented, procedural, functional, or declarative programming language (e.g., Java, C/C++/Objective-C/C#, Python, Go, NodeJS, JavaScript, Ruby, HTML5)
 Exposure to software development tools and frameworks, including source control management tools (e.g., Git)
 Familiarity with Agile software development methodologies
 Knowledge of software design patterns
 Knowledge of database technologies, including relational or NoSQL
 Strong written and verbal communication skills
 Additional Information
 We are seeking Software Engineering candidates at our main campuses in Bedford, MA and McLean, VA, and also at a variety of site locations including, but not limited to Colorado Springs, CO; San Diego, CA; Aberdeen, MD; Eatontown, NJ; Hampton Roads, VA; and Tampa, FL. Remote and teleworking opportunities are also available. We are committed to finding the best location for you!
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 None
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer Intern jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at Mitre Corporation in Colorado Springs, CO Software Engineer Intern salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
