
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Computer Science - St. Louis, MO 63141 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Computer Science Maryville University St. Louis, MO 63141 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Posting Details 
 
 Job Summary/Basic Function 
 
At Maryville University, we power dreams-not just degrees. Our vision is to be the innovative leader in higher education promoting a revolution in student learning that expands access and opportunities for all. 
 
Maryville University is searching for an energetic and passionate tenure-track Assistant Professor of Computer Science to join the College of Arts & Sciences. We seek educators who think innovatively, build competence in technology, and use engaging pedagogy to help our students deepen their learning and broaden their perspectives. The candidate must be committed to fostering a positive, culturally diverse atmosphere for faculty, staff and students. 
 
Responsibilities for all faculty members: 
 Teach assigned courses as specified in the schedule and course contract, employing a variety of pedagogical styles to effectively deliver course content demonstrating both academic and real-world applications of concepts covered. Develop innovative pedagogical strategies, including the use of technology, to deliver course content in a meaningful and engaging manner. 
 Work closely with the instructional design team to develop and deliver online course content. 
 Foster a teaching-learning environment that values and supports the diversity of students’ ideas, opinions, and backgrounds and prepares them for success in a culturally diverse workforce. 
 Work collaboratively with appropriate faculty to review and develop curriculum. 
 Ensure that program learning and specific course outcomes are assessed for continuous improvement Work closely with advisees and Life Coaches to facilitate students’ academic and personal success. Propose and work toward a productive research/scholarship agenda consonant with the demands of a teaching-focused institution. Serve on School and University committees as needed. 
 Facilitate an Advisory Council to provide feedback and review of the computer science program. 
 Foster mutually beneficial relationships with professionals to build internship and career opportunities and cutting-edge, market-relevant curriculum. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Master's degree in Computer Science or related field from a regionally accredited institution Student-centered approach and passion for teaching and mentoring a diverse student population Strong commitment to service students, department, university, and profession 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 PhD in Computer Science or related field from a regionally accredited institution Experience in online teaching and online course development Experience with higher education curriculum development Background in one or more of the following areas: Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, and Blockchain. Experience with virtual machines (local and cloud-based) 
 
 Physical Demands 
 
 
 Open Until Filled 
 
Yes 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 
An offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background screening. 
 
Final rank will be determined based upon qualifications. 
 
Applicants requiring University sponsorship to obtain employment authorization will not be considered for this position. 
 
Maryville University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and prohibits discrimination on the basis of age, disability, gender, genetic information, marital status, national origin, race/color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. This extends to all aspects of the employment relationship, including recruiting, hiring, training, on-the-job treatment, promotion, layoff, and termination. Maryville University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Maryville University in St. Louis, MO Assistant Professor salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Maryville University This article is about Maryville University in St. Louis, Missouri. For Maryville College in Maryville, Tennessee, see Maryville College.M... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
