
 
 
 
 Video Production and Digital Media Specialist - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Video Production and Digital Media Specialist MIT 374 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 MIT 374 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity. 
 
 VIDEO PRODUCTION AND DIGITAL MEDIA SPECIALIST ,  Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab (CSAIL)- CSAIL Alliances-Marketing Team, to act as the main videographer to capture the experience of events and programs at CSAIL to be used by the Alliances team in a wide variety of marketing communications. Will support the execution of all field and studio productions. Events and programs may include research demos, interviews with faculty researchers/students/industry members/start-ups, lectures, conferences, annual meetings, courses/workshops, podcasts, and more. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 REQUIRED : high school diploma or its equivalent; at least two years’ experience working with video, digital marketing, and website content management systems (Drupal, WordPress); in-depth knowledge of Adobe applications (e.g., Adobe Premiere and Audition) and familiarity with Adobe After Effects; excellent interpersonal and customer service skills; diplomacy, good judgment, tact, and discretion in all communication; and strong organizational, time management, problem-solving and decision-making skills. Seek a proactive self-starter who is able to keep an open mind in resolving problems and delivering results; work effectively and productively in a team-based environment, across all levels with faculty, staff, company representatives, and others; navigate multiple projects and stakeholders simultaneously; maintain flexibility and organization throughout complex systems and products; put video subjects at ease and ensure they are comfortable on camera; work independently; deliver high-quality results and meet deadlines under pressure of competing demands.  PREFERRED : bachelor’s degree in video production, film, communications or related field; proficiency with Salesforce; and understanding of Youtube and website analytics.  Job #19645-6
 
 
Must be able to work a flexible schedule to attend evening and/or weekend meetings/events (10% time). MIT 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Production Specialist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at MIT in Cambridge, MA Production Specialist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT MIT 374 reviews The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
