
 
 
 
 Senior Software Quality Engineer - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Quality Engineer Freenome Holdings South San Francisco, CA 94080 Freenome’s Senior Software Quality Engineer will support the company’s quality and regulatory activities with various authorities, such as the FDA, CLIA, CAP, and the NYSDOH, and including quality systems such as GMP, IVDR, and ISO, as appropriate. Working with the cross-functional team of Engineering, Regulatory Affairs, and Quality, you will be responsible for supporting regulatory and quality leadership, vision, and direction for premarket and post-market activities, especially for the software and AI/ML components of Freenome’s products. 
 
The Senior Software Quality Engineer is an integral member of Freenome’s QA/RA team. You’ll make a significant contribution to our mission of empowering everyone with the tools they need to detect, treat, and ultimately prevent cancer. In this strategic and tactical role, you will support software quality engineering initiatives; including Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) processes, Software Requirements/Design/Algorithm Analysis, Software Validation, Software Risk Management, Software Defect Tracking, among others. The following list details the core focus and responsibilities: 
 
 Support development of SDLC processes under the quality management systems necessary for compliant software development, validation and verification, especially with respect to AI/ML, including processes for product maintenance and change control management 
 Participate in engineering reviews of software requirements analysis, architecture/design review, AI/ML algorithms analysis, code reviews 
 Participate in engineering reviews of SaMD Pre-Specifications (SPS) and Algorithm Change Protocol (ACP) 
 Execute company strategies for all software and AI/ML-based activities for all products and services. Support software-based Q-submissions and/or sprint discussions 
 Support health authority submissions, including US FDA applications, and agency communications for CRC screening test and associated software 
 Work with Freenome team on regulatory and quality strategies and their execution, especially in support of AI/ML and software components. 
 Support cybersecurity efforts with engineering and legal including planned response 
 Support risk management for software both in pre-market and post-market capacity 
 Support software defect tracking and monitoring with engineering 
 Provide support during inspections and audits, leading those related to AI/ML and software 
 
 What you’ll bring: 
 
 Minimum degree requirement: Bachelor of Computer Sciences, Computer Engineering, or relevant disciplines such as Bioengineering or Data Science 
 7+ years in a regulated life sciences company, ideally in medical devices. 
 Knowledge of Software Quality Engineering fundamentals, including software requirements analysis, architecture, code review/static analysis, hazard/risk analysis, software test, among others 
 Knowledge of FDA’s trend in AI/ML and Digital Health Center of Excellence 
 Energetic expert in IEC 62304 
 Well-versed in ISO 13485 and 21 CFR Part 820 
 Proven track record of building and implementing Quality processes for software teams 
 Proven track record of participating/leading software development initiatives from concept to market, including verification and validation 
 Positive and dynamic servant-leader who can both strategically lead teams and roll up sleeves to complete tasksExperience with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning. Familiar with popular AI/ML toolset, such as Python, Tensorflow, will be a plus. 
 Experience with in vitro diagnostic devices (IVD) development 
 Experience with Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) and Software in a Medical Device (SiMD) 
 Experience with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning. Familiar with popular AI/ML toolset, such as Python, Tensorflow, will be a plus 
 Experience with test automation software development 
 
 About Freenome 
 
Freenome is on a mission to empower everyone with the tools they need to detect, treat, and ultimately prevent cancer. 
 
We have pioneered the most comprehensive multiomics platform for early cancer detection through a routine blood draw. By combining deep expertise in molecular biology with advanced computational biology and machine learning techniques to recognize disease-associated patterns among billions of circulating, cell-free biomarkers, we are developing simple and accurate blood tests for early cancer detection and integrating the actionable insights into health systems to operationalize a machine learning feedback loop between care and science. 
 
Our recent $270 Million Series C brings our financing to over $500 million from investors, including; Bain Capital, Perceptive Advisors, RA Capital, Polaris Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, funds and accounts advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., GV (formerly Google Ventures), Roche Venture Fund, Kaiser Permanente Ventures, American Cancer Society’s BrightEdge Ventures, Data Collective Venture Capital, Novartis and Verily Life Sciences. 
 
Our Science 
 
Freenome is building technology to advance the understanding of cancer through multiple analytes derived from blood. These signals include cell-free DNA, methylation of cell-free DNA, cell-free RNA, circulating proteins, and immune profiling derived from thousands of prospective samples. By developing novel statistical learning methods and applying them to integrate various -omics datasets, Freenome is a leader in modeling specific biological mechanisms to capture disease-dependent signatures, including gene expression, immune response, tumor burden, the tissue of origin, and 3D chromatin structure. 
 
By building comprehensive discovery datasets and modeling critical biological systems, Freenome is learning what biological changes are present within the blood between a variety of different disease states, including cancer, autoimmune disorders, infections, drug response, and aging. The synthesis of Freenome’s datasets, cross-functional technical expertise, and audacious mission to discover biological truth, we seek to improve the lives of millions through early detection and early treatment of disease. 
 
Our Culture 
 
Freenomers are technical, creative, visionary, grounded, empathetic, and passionate. We build teams around divergent expertise, allowing us to solve problems and ascertain opportunities in unique ways. Freenomers are some of the most talented experts in their fields, joining together to advance healthcare, one breakthrough at a time. 
 
We value empathy, integrity, and trust in one another, and we respect the diverse perspectives of our colleagues and those we serve. We assume positive intent and give each other the benefit of the doubt with the firm belief that we are a team working toward the same objectives. We believe in empowering and supporting each other in a collaborative and dynamic environment. 
 
What does a successful person look like at Freenome? 
 
Those who thrive at Freenome prioritize, manage, and execute their own goals with ownership and alignment with those of the company. They embrace our values of empathy, integrity, striving for greatness, servant leadership, trust, and holding themselves and their team accountable to these values. They crave collaboration with brilliant minds from disparate fields of study and believe that hiring and mentorship are fundamental to our success. Above all, they welcome and provide constructive feedback and criticism, trusting in others’ good intentions, and being secure in knowing that embracing mistakes is the best way to learn and grow. For those who pursue challenges, understudied problems, and want the opportunity to see their work impact the lives of millions of people affected by cancer every year, there’s no better place to be than Freenome. 
 
Freenome is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status, or any other basis covered by appropriate law. Freenome Holdings 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Test Engineer jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Freenome Holdings in South San Francisco, CA Software Test Engineer salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Freenome Holdings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
