
 
 
 
 Real Estate Buyer's Agent - Brighton, CO 80601 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Real Estate Buyer's Agent The Margolis Team Inc Brighton, CO 80601 Job details Salary $60,000 - $120,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Margolis Team Inc  of KW Preferred Realty (Top 20 Colorado Award Winning Team!) 
Guarantee your success by working with The Margolis Team Inc. Focus on an opportunity that offers training, leads, coaching, systems, and fun. 
Brand New or Experienced Agents! 
TRAINING
 We offer world-class training! We have a dedicated Team Leader, Brian Margolis who works with you on one plus our team lead is a Real Estate Coach for one of the top Coaching companies in the country. When you work with The Margolis Team, you receive 1 on 1 training plus access to the coaching company at no charge. Don't get lost in a crowd with an office of 25, 50, or 100+ agents. Work on a small team that cares about you, your goals, and your dreams. 
LEADS... Leads... Leads... 
On your first day, you will have access to a lead bank of over 3,000 leads. This isn't a phone book thrown on your desk as many companies will offer you, but 1,000 leads that have made an inquiry on a house to purchase at some time. Plus we receive 100 to 200 new opportunities every month! 
SYSTEMS SYSTEMS SYSTEMS
 Leads and training will only get you so far. Without systems on how to properly manage the leads, an agent's chances for success will quickly dwindle. From a CRM that is the best in the business to Automation and Artificial Intelligence. The Margolis Team is a team that utilizes technology to help you work less and make more money. 
Realistically earn up to $60,000+ in the first 12 months if you are open to learning and training and following our proven systems! 
We’re looking for  ambitious, self-motivated individuals  for rewarding full-time sales positions. 
Self-starters who want to build a career... and not just get a job. 
Team players  who thrive working with a tight-knit company where their activities directly affect the bottom line. 
Enthusiastic personality  and enjoys working with people. 
Compensation: 
$60,000 - $120,000+ Commission 
Responsibilities: 
Meet with clients in order to discover what they are looking for in their dream home; then find properties that meet their needs 
Consistently network and market to prospect for new customers 
Participate in  open houses , networking activities to enhance your sales 
Present purchase offers to sellers and gets buyers Under Agreement - We will handle all administrative work 
Attend Zoom and or in-person team meetings 
Consistently network and market to prospect for new customers 
Guide 15 to 40 buyer clients through the home purchase process each year 
"Always be consulting" by providing your clients with your very best service and your very best advice 
Qualifications: 
Be a  team player : helping others and willing to learn. 
Current Real Estate License or willingness to get one  (We can help with this-we do not pay for your license- you need skin in the game to succeed). 
Display a people-oriented,  positive,  and customer-focused attitude 
Understand computer-internet basics 
Display excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Exercise active listening and active questioning skills to build rapport and uncover client needs 
Show good organizational and time management skills. 
 
About Company 
 
The mission of The Margolis Team, powered by Brian Margolis of Keller Williams Preferred Realty, is to provide the premier customer service experience for each home seller and home buyer we serve. For our team members, we strive to provide our team members with a fun, active culture with the education and opportunities for great personal and professional success. 
The knowledge Brian has gained through 20+ years of working in the local market, as well as in our business, empowers us to provide our clients with the advice they need to make informed decisions. 
Whether it’s selling a home, searching for a home, or negotiating a contract, each member of The Margolis Team is or becomes an experienced real estate professional who applies their expert skills to each step of the process to help each client achieve an outstanding result. The Margolis Team Inc 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Real Estate Agent jobs in Brighton, CO Jobs at The Margolis Team in Brighton, CO Real Estate Agent salaries in Brighton, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Margolis Team Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
