
 
 
 
 VP of Customer Experience - SoHo, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP of Customer Experience Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews SoHo, NY Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Soho, New York | Customer Experience | Full-time 
 
We are looking for a VP CX Ops to oversee Lemonade’s customer experience organization. You will help us scale the business and provide delightful customer experiences for our clients. 
 
The perfect candidate will have a history of substantial successes in building customer experience organizations. They will possess the right mix of empathy and customer-centric attitude, as well as a data-driven approach and an operations and/or product background. Experience in developing strategic initiatives that drive customer satisfaction is a must. 
 
You will help us grow and provide a frictionless experience for our customers by identifying bottlenecks, finding solutions, and creating automated processes. You will be responsible for providing fast, efficient, and world-class experience to our customers. 
 
You will manage the team on a day-to-day basis, overseeing data maintenance, insights, and KPIs. Both employee and customer escalations will require your personal attention. Meanwhile, you’ll be responsible for participating in and contributing to company-wide task forces; introducing best-in-class tools and processes; and continuing to flatten the CX human capital growth needs through enhanced automation. You’ll lead with a clear vision, while also being responsible for target setting and execution. 
 
You will report to co-founder & President Shai Wininger and have extensive interaction with the global leadership team. The VP CX Ops will be based in Scottsdale, AZ (preferred) or NYC. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Act as the chief advocate for the customer. 
 Build the best CX team on the planet. Improve hiring, onboarding, training, ENPS, retention, etc. Continue to elevate CX as a function within the company. CX should be setting the path, not simply servicing the organization and its customers. 
 Continue to improve NPS, tools, systems, and processes to wow, surprise, and delight customers. Focus relentlessly on improvement, optimization, and automation. 
 Ensure CX continues to work in deep partnership with the rest of the business. 
 Requirements 
5+ years of experience leading a CX team in a rapidly growing environment. 
Proven experience creating and automating processes that enable CX teams to scale and deliver delightful customer experience. 
Understanding of customer-centric products and technology. 
Experience working with different technologies and tools to support customer satisfaction. 
A proven track record of growing and managing a team using strong interpersonal and team-building skills to connect with leaders and employees. 
Strong analytical and critical thinking, creative problem-solving, judgment, and negotiating skills Prior leadership experience with Ops and/or Product organizations is a plus. 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Customer Experience jobs in SoHo, NY Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in SoHo, NY Vice President of Customer Experience salaries in SoHo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
