
 
 
 
 Quality Assurance Engineer - Brooklyn, NY 11205 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Assurance Engineer NANOTRONICS IMAGING INC 2 reviews Brooklyn, NY 11205 NANOTRONICS IMAGING INC 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description:
 
The Quality Assurance Engineer is a smart and passionate engineer, who will work with our engineering team in the development of the world's most technologically advanced inspection and factory control solutions. Nanotronics is making manufacturing fast, accurate and cost-efficient by combining optical and atomic force microscopy with machine learning and artificial intelligence. The solutions we build push the envelope of what can be done, so we need team members, who are highly intelligent, hardworking and creative. The ideal candidate is a self-starter, who work well with in fast-paced, ever-evolving environment. 
The QA Engineer is an intelligent and detail-oriented person, who will create and implement a QA strategy and continually look to improve our testing and deployment strategies. This person will be responsible for ensuring that our software doesn’t get to our customers until it meets the highest standard of quality that our management and product teams set. The QA Engineer will play a critical role in improving quality, speeding up development time, and shipping better products more consistently and the role has a lot of potential for growth. The QA Engineer will focus on documentation and process standardization – documenting software and hardware procedures for the entire assembly of customer tools. 
This position might be eligible for city and state tax exemption under the START-UP NY program. 
All applicants must be U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. export control laws and regulations to include: U.S. citizen, national, lawful permanent resident or individual admitted to the U.S. as a refugee or granted asylum. 
. Requirements:
 
Key Responsibilities 
Own the agile testing life cycle via requirement gathering, project test plan and estimations, test script design and development, execution, management of test cases, test program review and assessment 
Design and develop test automation artifacts (scripts, functions, scenarios, processes) for simple to complex automated testing situations using various tools 
Develop and publish testing strategy for individual project solutions 
Develop and publish test plans, test scenarios, test data, manual and automated test scripts 
Perform functional, system, regression and integration testing 
Present test analysis results to Software Development and QA Departments 
Interpret design documentation developed by Software Development 
Lead continual improvement of the Software QA process 
Provide qualitative and quantitative feedback to the Engineering, Creative, and other teams throughout feature development 
Suggest new processes and policies that Engineering and QA can implement to ensure we’re only shipping the best possible product 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
Detail-oriented 
Strong work ethic 
Effective communicator 
Flexible 
Ability to work on own initiative as well as with a team 
Education and Experience 
Bachelor's degree in an Engineering or technical discipline 
3-7 years’ experience as a QA Engineer/Tester in an agile environment 
Work Environment 
This position is based in the Brooklyn office. 
What is a Nanotron? 
Nanotronics is a science technology company that has redefined factory control through the invention of a platform that combines AI, automation and sophisticated imagining to assist human ingenuity in detecting flaws and anomalies in manufacturing, an industry that has been stagnant since the 1950’s. Deployed across eight countries and industry agnostic, we work with leading-edge companies - from aerospace, to electronics, to healthcare - to drive up yield, reduce footprint and waste, lower costs, and speed up design iteration. 
We are an intellectually curious group of motivated and passionate innovators, bringing together the brightest minds in physics, optics, robotics, artificial intelligence, and software engineering as we work to lay the foundation for the 4th Industrial Revolution. 
Armed with visionary leadership and strong financial backing, we foster an environment of both entrepreneurship and accountability. Our mission drives our purpose in striving toward excellence. 
YOU’LL MAKE A GREAT NANOTRON IF 
You are passionate about science and engineering 
You are looking for a challenge 
You collaborate well with others 
You want to help build the factory of the future 
WHAT WE OFFER 
Lunch & Learns 
Casual work environment 
Direct exposure to C-level management 
Interesting and challenging projects that truly make an impact at the company 
Nanotronics is an equal opportunity employer. Nanotronics Imaging Inc 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Brooklyn, NY Jobs at NANOTRONICS IMAGING in Brooklyn, NY Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Brooklyn, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from NANOTRONICS IMAGING INC 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
