
 
 
 
 CIS Practice Assistant Professor 2021 - Philadelphia, PA 19104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CIS Practice Assistant Professor 2021 University of Pennsylvania 921 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19104 University of Pennsylvania 921 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The University of Pennsylvania's Department of Computer & Information Science is pleased to welcome applications for teaching faculty under the Practice Professor track. It is a very exciting time to be engaged in computer science education at Penn, as we are experiencing incredible growth and interest in CS courses at all levels, are developing new on-campus and online learning programs, and are rapidly growing the size of our faculty.
 
We are seeking dedicated, accomplished, full-time faculty to teach introductory-sequence courses, undergraduate electives, and Master's-level courses in data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, software systems, software engineering, cybersecurity, and other areas, starting in July 2021.
 
As part of our revamped teaching-track career path, our Practice Assistant Professor position seeks teaching-focused faculty members, who have a track record of research in engineering education and developing and publishing on innovative pedagogical techniques. Applicants who desire to pursue this track but do not yet have an extensive publication history are encouraged to apply also to our posting for a Lecturer position.
 
We seek individuals who embrace and reflect diversity in the broadest sense. Members of our teaching faculty participate in departmental and school-level efforts to promote Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and to work closely with students to identify and address diversity challenges. As such, we request a discussion of candidates' experiences in establishing and maintaining supportive, inclusive environments for diverse student communities, and what plans they have for being involved in diversity efforts at Penn.
 
 Qualifications: 
PhD in Computer Science or relevant discipline.
 
 Application instructions: 
To ensure full consideration, applicants are encouraged to apply by November 30th, 2020. However, applications will be accepted until positions are filled. Please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement, statement on inclusion and diversity, and names of 3 references. Other supporting documents are optional.
 
 To apply:  http://apply.interfolio.com/79694
 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
 The University of Pennsylvania values diversity and seeks talented students, faculty and staff from diverse backgrounds. The University of Pennsylvania is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected class. Questions or concerns about this should be directed to the Executive Director of the Office of Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Programs, University of Pennsylvania, 421 Franklin Building, 3451 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6205; or  (215) 898-6993  (Voice) or (215) 898-7803 (TDD). University of Pennsylvania 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, PA Assistant Professor salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania 921 reviews The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
