
 
 
 
 Review Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Review Manager Epiq Systems, Inc. 453 reviews Remote Remote Epiq Systems, Inc. 453 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Epiq’s Review Managers provide project management and consultation on managed document review projects for corporations and law firms. The Review Manager must have a general understanding of the Electronic Discovery Reference Model and a high level of proficiency with the technologies used to increase efficiencies, drive down costs, and deliver exceptional service to our clients. The Review Manager must be able to effectively maintain a caseload including multiple active projects.
 Primary Responsibilities:
 Serve as primary point of contact for clients during managed document review projects.
 Conduct project design meetings and consult with clients on the development and implementation of efficient and effective workflows.
 Determine and manage client expectations regarding deliverables and timeframes.
 Draft workflow protocols and substantive training guidelines in partnership with case team.
 Implement workflows within various document review platforms, including the creation of batch sets, fields, choices, layouts, views, rules, security, persistent highlighting sets, and search term reports.
 Leverage the appropriate technology to improve productivity and accuracy, including the use of structured and conceptual analytics such as email threading, near-duplicate identification, and clustering.
 Consult on application of artificial intelligence to identify documents for review and managing review teams whose review will be used to build algorithms and models.
 Execute quality control and quality assurance best practices, including the use of statistical sampling, advanced searching techniques, and application of custom scripts.
 Communicate and document substantive issues to the case team through the creation and maintenance of a query log.
 Monitor and report daily on overall progress, productivity, and accuracy of the project and individual contract lawyers including performance to budget.
 Lead and motivate review teams, including lawyers and non-lawyers.
 Train reviewers on the use of document review platforms, including the identification and mentoring of Team Leads.
 Ensure clients are frequently informed on performance to budget and any potential changes to original budget estimate.
 Coordinate case team quality control with review teams and clients.
 Identify and define production or disclosure sets and work with case team and operations to ensure that disclosure sets are accurate and delivered per client specifications.
 Generate and deliver additional deliverables such as privilege logs.
 Qualifications: 
 
 Juris Doctorate (JD) degree and valid/active state bar association admission in any US jurisdiction.
 Legal qualification and practice in at least one Jurisdiction required.
 Minimum 3 years of project management experience in an e-Discovery capacity. Law firm or managed review vendor experience preferred.
 Understanding of concepts, principles, management, processing, review, analysis and production of electronically stored information (ESI) as they relate to legal matters.
 Extensive experience with the administration of document review databases, including Relativity. Relativity Certified Administrators strongly preferred.
 Familiarity with concepts and application of statistical sampling, email threading, near duplicate identification, clustering, and predictive coding.
 Proficient with Microsoft Office, particularly Excel and the use of formulas, pivot tables, and basic formatting.
 Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, including experience leading conference calls and meetings with colleagues and clients.
 Excellent issue spotting and problem-solving skills.
 Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
 Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
 Willingness to go above and beyond client expectations. #LI-RC1
 If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
 It is Epiq’s policy to comply with all applicable equal employment opportunity laws by making all employment decisions without unlawful regard or consideration of any individual’s race, religion, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expressions, transgender status, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, marital status, age, national origin, genetic information, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, veteran or family status or any other basis protected by applicable national, federal, state, provincial or local law. Epiq’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on any of these impermissible bases, as well as any bases or grounds protected by applicable law in each jurisdiction. In addition Epiq will take affirmative action for minorities, women, covered veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. Epiq is pleased to provide such assistance and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. Pursuant to relevant law, where applicable, Epiq will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Epiq Systems, Inc. 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Epiq Systems in Remote Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Epiq Systems, Inc. Epiq Systems, Inc. 453 reviews Epiq, a global leader in the legal services industry, takes on large-scale, increasingly complex tasks for corporate counsel, law firms, ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
