
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Appointee - Quantitative Ecologist - Lemont, IL 60439 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Appointee - Quantitative Ecologist Argonne National Laboratory 198 reviews Lemont, IL 60439 Argonne National Laboratory 198 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Postdoctoral Appointee - Quantitative Ecologist
 Requisition Number:  409354   Location:  Lemont, IL
 
 Functional Area:  Research and Development  Division:  EVS-Environmental Science
 
 Employment Category:  Temporary 6 Months or Greater  Education Required:  Not Indicated
 
 Level (Grade):  700   Shift:  8:30 - 5:00
 
 Share:   Facebook  LinkedIn  Twitter 
 
 
 
 Position Description 
 
 
 The mission of Argonne’s Environmental Science Division (EVS) is to provide pioneering fundamental and multidisciplinary research and innovative analyses to solve global and local challenges, applying our core competency in predictive environmental understanding. Argonne is home to a wide variety of computing systems, including some of the most powerful high-performance computers in the world. These systems provide computing power to advance understanding in a broad range of disciplines. 
The EVS division seeks a post-doctoral appointee to conduct studies on the effects of human activities on terrestrial and/or aquatic ecosystems. The appointee will develop ecological models and statistical approaches to address problems related to ecosystem services, climate change, agricultural systems, and energy-environment interactions. The appointee will report the analysis and conclusions from these studies in environmental impact assessments, journal publications, and other technical reports. Frequently interact with other ecologists and natural resources scientists to develop research designs and prepare publications. Work collaboratively and develop working relationships with DOE and other federal agencies, industry, academia, and NGOs for the purpose of research. Document the results of technical work in the form of reports, journal articles, conference papers, etc. 
 Position Requirements 
 
 
 Recent PhD in ecology, botany, biology or related field. 
Knowledge of animal and/or plant populations and the effects of human activities and/or environmental change on those populations. 
Knowledge of ecological systems and population ecology including terrestrial, aquatic, and/or wetland systems. 
Knowledge of ecological risk assessment techniques and geospatial methods, tools, and techniques to model and analyze ecosystem perturbations. 
Knowledge of ecological and agricultural systems and ecosystem services; understanding of climate issues and adaptations to climate change. 
Data science background with experience with artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and/or deep learning (DL) applications in ecology. 
Demonstrate excellent career growth potential, including proposal development. 
Participation in seminars, conferences, and other scientific meetings. 
Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact, Safety, Respect, Integrity, and Teamwork. 
Preferred skills: 
 
Experience with remote sensing applications in ecology. 
Experience with plant identification and wetland delineation. 
Experience with modern technologies for ecological screening and monitoring, including but not limited to wildlife cameras, acoustic and ultrasonic recorders, and e-DNA applications. 
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
 
Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 
 
All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
  Back to top Argonne National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Ecologist jobs in Lemont, IL Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Lemont, IL Ecologist salaries in Lemont, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 198 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
