
 
 
 
 SENIOR SECURITY ANALYST - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SENIOR SECURITY ANALYST Microsoft 7,129 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,129 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Does working on a team protecting over 1 billion customers and making the world a better place sound exciting? Do you want to join one of the top security response organizations in the world? Do you want to innovate and improve relations with the global security research community? This may be the opportunity for you. 
The Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) seeks motivated, experienced security professionals to join our team. As the company accelerates our transformation in a mobile-first, cloud-first world, there has never been a more exciting time to be part of the MSRC. We strive to always serve our customers at the highest-level while being constantly agile and adopting a growth mindset mentality that will transform Microsoft. 
As a Senior Security Analyst, you will perform investigations and forensic analysis during information security incidents for Microsoft’s Cloud + Artificial Intelligence division. Your passion for finding creative approaches will shine as you gather evidence and build a picture about what transpired. You will be responsible for fusing multiple sources of evidence to determine how a security incident occurred and what steps need to occur to remediate it. You will also be responsible for building capabilities that close information gaps, strengthen our cloud defenses, and defend customers from emerging security threats. MSRC is a fast-paced team that constantly provides new opportunities to learn and grow. 
Responsibilities 
Perform forensic investigation on suspected compromised assets to determine what occurred. 
Collaborate with the team to create adversary eviction and incident remediation plans. 
Build and develop the forensic program through expertise, collaboration, and influence. 
Automate response and forensic functions through coding and scripting. 
Evaluate security risks and their impact to the Microsoft Cloud platform and its online services. 
Create technical documentation for other analysts and other teams to follow. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
4+ years of demonstrated experience in either of the following: Performing forensic analysis of digital files and physical media from a diverse array of operating systems (Windows, Linux, BSD), and application software (SQL, IIS, Dynamics, etc.) 
Extensive experience in responding to, investigating, and recovering from compromise and data breach events. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in developing services or scripts for automation of analysis, response, or forensics. 
Previous experience performing Digital Forensics and Incident Response (DFIR) within Internet Service Provider (ISP) or Cloud Service Provider (CSP) environments. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#AzureSecOpen Microsoft 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Analyst jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Security Analyst salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,129 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
