
 
 
 
 Global Inside Sales Representative - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Global Inside Sales Representative Lenovo Morrisville, NC Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Position Description: 
 About Lenovo: 
Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, we are developing world-changing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. By designing, engineering and building the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure, we are also leading an Intelligent Transformation – to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world. Join us in defining our world of tomorrow and creating smarter technology for all!
 Who You’ll Work With: 
At Lenovo, we manufacture one of the world’s widest portfolios of connected products, including PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations as well as augmented and virtual reality (Mirage, ThinkReality) and smart home/office solutions, software and services. Lenovo’s data center solutions (ThinkSystem, ThinkAgile) are creating the capacity and computing power for the connections that are changing business and society.
 IDG (Intelligent Device Group) – The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 We are seeking enthusiastic, career-minded professionals to join our Inside Sales Team. The ideal Inside Sales Account Representative will be aggressive, goal-oriented, articulate and possess sound phone skills. A strong personality with the desire to reach high performance goals is a must.
 What You'll Do: 
This retention and development focused Inside Sales Representative will work with field partners and end-user customers within the US to drive opportunities and education around Lenovo's portfolio offerings.
 Account Representatives will support configuration discussions and provide solutions as well as proactive follow-up, product information and overall account support via the telephone. The Inside Sales Account Representatives will also work within the segments initiatives including weekly forecast and opportunity management, outbound calls and weekly program follow ups with the partners.
 What’s in it for you? 
 Opportunities for continued sales training. High-growth potential and career advancement within Lenovo. An inclusive, flexible, and collaborative work environment that focuses on leveraging your unique skills. Incentives to reward your strong performance and big wins.
 This is a full-time opportunity in an energetic work environment with opportunities for advancement. Representatives are paid a competitive salary. Benefits include company paid training, paid vacation, 401K with company match, medical, dental, vision, paid time-off for volunteerism, free on-site fitness center, and discounts on award-winning products such as the Lenovo ThinkPad and Yoga.
 Why Lenovo? 
Lenovo is a US $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 57,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. We are #1 PC company on the planet, BCG's 50 most innovative companies, and one of Interbrand’s 100 BEST global brands.
 Awards & Recognition: 
 Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, 2020 & 2019 Human Rights Campaign, Corporate Quality Index – Perfect Score 2020, 2019, 2018 Universum’s World’s Most Attractive Employers, 2020 Best Places to work for LGBTQ Equality, 2021 & 2020 Top 100 Internship Programs Winner, 2020 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights, 2020 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index – Perfect Score, 2020 IoT Breakthrough Award, 2020 2020 Fortune Global 500, #224 Top 100 to Watch for Remote Jobs, 2019
 Learn more about why it’s great to work at Lenovo - https://www.lenovobenefits.com/why-join-lenovo
 Lenovo is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion, and we are pleased to provide accommodation(s) during the recruitment process. Should you require accommodation at any time throughout the recruitment process, please indicate this on your application/cover letter or directly to the recruiter, and we will partner with you to meet your needs. 
 Position Requirements: 
 - 1 - 3+ years of professional inside or outside sales experience in a technology field or IT Industry is required. 
 Must have experience in a quota carrying sales position before. Must have ability to penetrate, acquire and transition opportunities. Working knowledge of IT industry, experience with computer based programs, ability to learn and present hardware portfolio is required. Excellent verbal/ written communication skills are required. Shifts will be time zoned based with varied start/end dates to support standard business hours in the US. 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 30+ days ago original job Report job Inside Sales Representative jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Inside Sales Representative salaries in Morrisville, NC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
