
 
 
 
 Associate Software Developer - Milwaukee, WI 53204 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Software Developer Rockwell Automation 996 reviews Milwaukee, WI 53204 Rockwell Automation 996 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description
 The Rockwell Automation IT Early Career Rotational Program is a fast-paced, early career, two-year rotation program within the Information Technology group. Candidates can be placed within a technology development or leadership development program track based on their interests and skillsets. 
 
If you thrive on being challenged, have a passion for technology, and enjoy working with diverse technical teams this program is for you. You will have the opportunity to create and develop innovative solutions on a collaborative team to deliver value to our business. We are looking for individuals who have a process mindset and are eager to learn. As part of our Early Career Rotational Program, we will accelerate your personal growth and development preparing you for a career within Information Technology. 
 
 By participating in this rotational program, you will complete four six-month project assignments designed to build your knowledge of Rockwell Automation products, processes, and technical skills. Associates perform in a full-time professional capacity throughout the program. Rotational assignments are designed to provide comprehensive exposure to the company’s business structure and IT organization. This fast-paced, early career, high visibility program develops the skills needed to become a future business leader at Rockwell Automation.
 Rotation areas could include:
 IT Information Security & Cyber Security
 Data Science
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
 Automation Engineering
 Application Development
 Cloud Engineering
 Network Security
 Enterprise Architecture
 Tools/Technology Research
 IT Strategy & Portfolio Management
 Basic Qualifications:
 Bachelor degree
 Demonstrated academic excellence; minimum cumulative GPA 2.75 cumulative
 Legal Authorization to work in the US is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening 
 
Preferred Qualifications:
 Gradating May or June 2021
 Bachelors or Master degree in Information Sciences, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Information Technology, Computer Information Technology, Analytics, or Business Administration
 Experience working in a business setting (e.g., internship, co-op or professional) in a related field of study
 A passion for technology, process improvement and innovation
 Proven teamwork collaboration and communication skills
 Oral and written English proficiency. Position requires excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to participate effectively in a team environment.
 Must be able to manage multiple priorities, produce excellent work results and follow-through on commitments.
 High level of analytical and problem-solving skills including attention to detail with experience analyzing data and making proposals based on evaluation
 Ability to work with complex processes and systems to review and analyze data input and process flows.
 Rockwell Automation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
 
If you are an individual with a disability and you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process, email our Talent Acquisition representative at ratalentacquisition@ra.rockwell.com
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer including disability and veterans.
 If you are an individual with a disability and you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation during the application process, please contact our services team at  +1 (844) 404-7427 . Rockwell Automation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Milwaukee, WI Jobs at Rockwell Automation in Milwaukee, WI Software Developer salaries in Milwaukee, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rockwell Automation Rockwell Automation 996 reviews We are a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
