
 
 
 
 Sr Manager - Geospatial - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Sr Manager - Geospatial Amazon.com Services LLC Arlington, VA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 15+ years of experience, with at least 5 years managing development teams 
 Experience in organizing projects and delivering quality releases on schedule 
 Experience in building and leading development of complex software systems 
 Good judge of top software engineering talent, and ability to grow their careers 
 Ability to work well with clients and juggle competing demands, good communication skills 
 
Do you want to change lives by delivering a world-class level of service that will transform and revolutionize the traditional method of parcel delivery, through cutting edge technology? Amazon’s Geospatial and Transit time team within Last Mile improves internal and external customer experience by constructing and architecting systems that replicate real world routing for drivers. These complex systems will provide optimization and enforce efficiency in parcel delivery that will continue to challenge the norms of transportation technology.
 
Why build another Mapping system? The answer is simple, we want to invent and simplify the way our partners, customers, and teams utilize this mapping system. We want to dive deep into the complex obstructions and enable more in-depth solutions. We will utilize multiple modes of transportation, and traffic cognizance to optimize and simplify the ability to reach hundreds of delivery points.
 
Our Geospatial and Transit time teams have recognized the unsolved problems, which range from the addition or modification of roads, leveraging single IMU sensor sources, parsing unstructured address, and other optimization obstacles. The key output metrics within this role include location and coverage accuracy of our road network for routing and users, predictive accuracy of transit times, and the operational impact of delivery success and gaps between the above mentioned metrics.
 
If you are a Software Development Manager that enjoys working in an ever-evolving environment alongside solving complex problems with simplified solutions, the Geospatial and Transit time team is waiting for YOU.
 
In this role, your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:
 
 Work with a team that builds Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence solutions that traverse over a complex graph of billions of nodes and edges 
 Work with complex algorithms for solving shortest path between multiple points on the map 
 Contribute to the architecture, implementation, deployment and maintenance of large scale systems 
 Work in a cross-collaborative team of experts to deliver on demanding assignments 
 Functionally decompose complex problems to invent new processes and simplify existing methods and procedures 
 Experience in large-scale maps space 
 Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. 
 Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts who may be remote 
 Solid knowledge of software development methodologies and best practices. 
 Ability to tackle big, incompletely-specified problems and resolve ambiguity in the customer's favor. 
 Experience defining system architectures and designs, exploring technical feasibility-offs, and making data-driven decisions. 
 Ability to drive consensus within a team and influence outcomes in significant technical decision-making. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 20 days ago original job Report job Senior Manager jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Arlington, VA Senior Manager salaries in Arlington, VA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
