
 
 
 
 Member Technical Staff - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Member Technical Staff Synopsys 262 reviews Mountain View, CA Synopsys 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company 27597BR 
 USA - California - Mountain View/Sunnyvale
 Job Description and Requirements 
 We are looking for a successful candidate to be a senior software developer in a new product area within Synopsys’ Digital Design Group Business Unit in the area of 3- Dimensional ICs. This individual will be responsible for leading and helping us define the product architecture and leading integration with our state of the art digital implementation and signoff flows, designing highly efficient data structures and algorithms, and a commitment to deliver top quality production software which exceeds customer expectations. 
 
This role calls for an experienced and highly skilled software developer that understands how to analyze EDA tool and flow problems, and works with key customers as well as cutting edge industry partners to define and propose novel solutions for the 3DIC design space. This person will help architect new solutions that enable customers to solve the complexity and capacity challenges of new advanced Multi-Die designs. 
Knowledge/Experience required: EDA software development, design of algorithms with efficient data structures, 3DIC design 
Has strong motivation to learn and explore new technologies and demonstrates good analysis and problem-solving skills. 
Working knowledge in developing and maintaining complex C++/C applications in a Unix/Linux environment. 
Attentive to stringent performance and quality requirements. 
Knowledge of EDA design tool implementation and signoff flows 
Strong communication skills, verbal and written. Ability to produce design documents detailing product requirements. 
MS/Phd in EE, CS, CE or related discipline and 15+ years of industry experience. 
 
 At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
 
Our Silicon Design business is all about building high-performance silicon chips—faster. We’re the world’s leading provider of solutions for designing and verifying advanced silicon chips. And we design the next-generation processes and models needed to manufacture those chips. We enable our customers to optimize chips for power, cost, and performance—eliminating months off their project schedules. 
 
 Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 #LI-MK1 
 Job Category 
 Engineering
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 R&D Engineering
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Member jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Synopsys in Mountain View, CA Staff Member salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 262 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
