
 
 
 
 Software Developer - Networking and Database - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer - Networking and Database Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,408 reviews Austin, TX 73301 Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,408 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Title : Software Developer - Networking and Database 
 Requisition ID:  160175BR 
 
When you’re part of the team at Thermo Fisher Scientific, you will do important work, like helping customers in finding cures for cancer, protecting the environment, or making sure our food is safe. Your work will have real-world impact and supported in achieving your career goals. 
 
 Location/Division:  San Jose, CA - Austin, TX Chromatography and Mass Spectrometry Division 
 
 How will you make an impact? 
As a Software Engineer, you will join a dynamic team of software developers, scientists, and engineers to participate in the specification, design, and implementation of web browser based and cloud-oriented software related to the analytical instruments and applications.
 These instruments and technologies make a real, positive, and strong impact on the lives of people across the globe. 
You will be able to contribute strong networking and database and programming skills to solve problems in the biomedical domain and will have the opportunity to learn and grow in software design and development, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, and such. 
What will you do? 
Design and develop software modules for network management, service registration, database replication etc. using a combination of C#.net, C++, Python. 
Develop software for the management of labs and lab instruments, sample data generation and curation of data obtained from instruments, and telemetry data analysis of biomedical instruments and their data sets. 
Advance the group’s capability by in-depth research, innovation, and continuous improvement. 
Develop new algorithms for driving new insight and results in the field of biological data sets. 
Work with external academic collaborators as well as with field support in troubleshooting and reproducing customer issues, when required. 
 
How will you get here? 
 Education 
Bachelors’ or masters’ degree or is graduating in the summer of 2021.
 Degree should be in one of the fields - Computer Science or Computer Engineering with strong software focus. 
 
Experience 
No minimum experience is required, however interesting projects as part of undergraduate/graduate work showcasing software capability is preferred. 
The interview process will include significant coding exercise in the language of your choice. 
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities 
Very good understanding of TCP/IP based network communication and micro service architecture. 
Adept in using common data structures, design patterns, object-oriented design and algorithms used in programming. 
Good understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases and some familiarity with Cloud technologies. 
Excellent programming knowhow with either C# or C++ or Java. 
Ability to manage competing high priority tasks and adapt to changes in priorities. 
Excellent teamwork and collaboration skills.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to review and evaluate design and code of others.
 You should be clear and effective in communicating and illustrating complex ideas, complex problems, and proposed solutions. 
At Thermo Fisher Scientific, each one of our 75,000 extraordinary minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. 
 
 Surge Thermo Fisher Scientific 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Austin, TX Software Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,408 reviews As the world’s leader in serving science, at Thermo Fisher Scientific, our professionals develop critical solutions—and build rewarding c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
