
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Video Pipeline - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Video Pipeline ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
At Anduril we are developing aerial, aquatic, and ground-based robotic systems. Lattice Ghost UAS, Sentry Tower and our other platforms stream video over unreliable networks from remote locations. 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
The role of our video pipeline engineers is to develop real-time and asynchronous video feeds from remote deployments to web, virtual reality clients, computer vision front-end and back-end pipelines. Video pipeline engineers help design the ISR payloads for drones and the camera systems used in our other existing and future products. They also have some computer vision overlap with e.g. object detection. Extensive prior experience with relevant video technologies is not required for this role and is expected to be learned on the job. 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Embedded software experience with C++/Rust 
BS degree in an engineering discipline 
General understanding of camera hardware and video formats 
Solid understanding of writing reliable, multi-threaded software 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
The following (below) is not required but does indicate a good fit for the role and will be learned on the job as needed 
Embedded Linux software development experience 
Tools: v4l2, ffmpeg, WebRTC SFU routers like Janus, OpenCV/Python 
Formats: MP4, MPEG-TS, MISB KLV standards, H264 format, WebRTC/RTP 
Image formats: Demosaicing raw images, YUV420, BGR 
Linux platform: V4L2 camera API, VA-API, ffmpeg, gstreamer, OpenGL 
Nvidia Jetson platform: Argus, V4L2 extensions, OpenGL extensions 
Advanced camera controls: XU extension unit interface, region of interest (ROI), analog versus digital gain 
Experience integrating cameras into computer vision pipelines 
Image processing experience with: Denoising, contrast enhancement, super-resolution, auto-focus, auto-exposure, auto-white-balance 
MIPI camera bringup (Linux kernel drivers) 
Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Pipeline Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Pipeline Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
