
 
 
 
 Software Graduate Internship, Habana Labs, an AI Intel Company - Austin, TX 78746 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Graduate Internship, Habana Labs, an AI Intel Company Intel 5,431 reviews Austin, TX 78746 Intel 5,431 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Job Description 
Intel's Habana Labs organization develops industry leading AI accelerated software and hardware systems. Intel is going through an exciting transformation, with a vision to create and extend computing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth. Join us and help us creating the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come. We are looking for Interns that want to help us through this journey of learning and growing. 
 
As a member of the team, you will work on some of the most ambitious technical problems, develop solutions that will impact future Habana Labs products. Responsibilities may be diverse and of a technical nature. U.S. experience and education requirements will vary depending on the unique needs of the job. Job assignments are usually for the summer or for short periods during breaks from school. 
 
You may be developing, running, and benchmarking deep learning models on a Kubernetes based framework at scale or creating automation around running workloads. You might be helping to develop and design a framework for distributed deep learning hardware resource management or developing fault injection scrips into accelerator networks. You may be automating collection and display of performance data and automating performance tests and analysis. 
 
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
 
Highly motivated individual willing to work under pressure and deliver high quality results on time 
Effective prioritization and time management skills 
Effective written and verbal communication skills 
Excellent communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, time management, and task prioritization skills 
 
Length of internship: Minimum of 3 months with the possibility to extend it for another 9 months. 
Qualifications 
Qualifications: 
 
Candidate must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Relevant experience can be obtained through school work, classes and project work, internships, military training, and/ or work experience. This is an entry level position and it will be compensated accordingly. 
 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Candidate must be pursuing MS of PhD Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering or related discipline. 
 
6+ months of experience in the following areas: 
 
Python, Docker, Java, C++, Kubernetes 
Deep learning 
Golang and Microservice experience 
Software design, programming techniques, and AI algorithms 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$52,000.00-$147,000.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Intel in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,431 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
