
 
 
 
 Aerospace Engineer (Artificial Intelligence) - Anchorage, AK - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Aerospace Engineer (Artificial Intelligence) US Federal Aviation Administration Anchorage, AK Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 Due to the Pandemic and individual states with different phases of reopening, the selectee’s report date to the 
official duty station/facility may be delayed until such time as employees are allowed to report to the workplace. 
The person selected may telework up to the maximum extent possible, up to and including full time, until it is 
determined by state and Federal officials that employees are allowed to report to the workplace where this 
position is located, on a regular basis. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Responsible for evaluating artificial intelligence systems compliance to applicable regulations, policy, and industry standards. As an expert in aircraft artificial intelligence systems, the incumbent recognizes the need for new rules that may be necessary for new state of the art equipment or aircraft installations. The incumbent will provide policy and guidance for domestic and international consideration for standardization. Initiates, organizes, and conducts the development of new or modified Federal Aviation Regulations pertaining to artificial intelligence systems. Participates in Aviation Rulemaking Advisory Committees/Aviation Rulemaking Committees to draft new rules and ad hoc teams with industry, other aviation authorities, and agencies to develop regulations, policies and standards. Evaluates the design of artificial intelligence systems, and where necessary, participates in the analysis of accident, malfunction, and service difficulty reports involving artificial intelligence systems. 
Incumbent plans and accomplishes highly complex and challenging projects and other work activities under the minimal direction of a manager. Applies experience and comprehensive professional knowledge of aerospace engineering principles, theories, and concepts, as well as an understanding of new technologies and methodologies, to solve complex problems and to develop improved technical processes for the organization. Works closely with Policy & Innovation Division management, internal FAA stakeholders and external stakeholders (i.e., industry, other aviation authorities, etc.) to address challenges with emerging technologies. Identifies and participates in research and development studies to ascertain the need for new safety standards or to implement new technologies to improve continued operational safety (COS). Develop mutually rewarding relationships with fellow employees, industry, and stakeholders. All corporate activities are conducted to the highest ethical standards by communicating effectively, remaining flexible, respecting differing opinions, and exercising patience in challenging situations. 
Contacts are both internal and external. Incumbent coordinates with FAA technical specialists and industry members to facilitate technical discussions and negotiate consensus solutions that benefit the general public, aircraft operators, and manufacturers. Develops, integrates and implements solutions to diverse, complex problems that frequently require working across functional and/or organizational lines. Applies systems thinking to the above responsibilities. The FAA is moving to a systems based approach to oversight of the aviation industry and it is essential to evaluate large/complex delegated organizations, as well as smaller delegated entities, and efficiently and effectively oversee these entities based upon risk to operation within the aviation system. 
Broad policies and objectives provide general guidance for addressing issues, but allow considerable discretion to develop new and innovative approaches. Draws on experience to solve unusual problems and may create new solutions and policy 
interpretations as the situation requires. Provides policy guidance and instruction to others, both internally and externally. 
Provides guidance to lower-level staff to solve difficult technical issues. Resolves all but unique technical problems without the intervention of management or a more experienced engineer. Develops plans, techniques, and policies to address current or anticipated problems and issues. Works with senior management to solve problems. 
Work is reviewed rarely, typically through status reports and at project completion, to ensure technical compliance and alignment with the requirements of the project or other work activity. 
Work activities typically impact directly on the objectives of one or more major subdivisions and/or LOB's/SO's and may impact on the objectives of the FAA. 
 Travel Required 
 25% or less - The job may require up to 25% travel. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 NA
 Job family (Series) 
 0861 Aerospace Engineering
 Similar jobs 
 Aerospace Engineers
 Aircraft Design Engineers
 Engineers, Aerospace
 Engineers, Aircraft Design
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 US Citizenship is required. 
 Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959. 
 This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required. 
 Qualifications 
 Basic Requirements : Successful completion of a full four-year professional engineering curriculum leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in engineering in an accredited college or university. To be acceptable the curriculum must: (1) be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the ABET as a professional engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics; OR, 
ALTERNATIVE REQUIREMENTS : Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying professional engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering. The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the following: 
Professional registration: Current registration as a professional engineer by any State, the District of Columbia, Guam, or Puerto Rico; 
Written Test: Evidence of having successfully passed the Engineer-in-Training (EIT) examination, or the written test required for professional registration, which is administered by the Boards of Engineering Examiners in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico; 
Specified academic courses: Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and in engineering that included the courses specified in the basic requirements. The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of a professional engineering curriculum as described in paragraph A; 
Related curriculum: Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in engineering technology or in an appropriate professional field, e.g., physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance. 
Specialized Experience : In addition to the basic requirements, all applicants must demonstrate at least one (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade (FV-I FG/GS-13) in the Federal government. Specialized experience is experience that has equipped you with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. Examples of specialized experience include, but are not limited to the following: Experience in the application of aircraft certification requirements, policies, and procedures used in the design and certification of an aircraft or aircraft system (i.e., 14 CFR Parts 21, 23, 25, 27, 29, 33, 35; advisory circulars; and, policy memorandums). Experience designing, testing, or evaluating aircraft or other transportation vehicle artificial intelligence systems. Experience in the design and certification of aircraft or other transportation vehicle artificial intelligence systems. Experience in using system safety analysis tools to evaluate artificial intelligence systems. 
Eligible applicants meeting the minimum qualification requirements and selective factor(s), if applicable, may be further evaluated on the KSAs listed in the announcement. Based on this evaluation, applicants will be placed in one of the following categories: score order, category rating, or priority grouping and referred to the selecting official for consideration. 
Qualification requirements must be met by the closing date of this vacancy announcement. 
In lieu of providing a KSA narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA, in your work history, please include information that provides specific examples of how you meet the response level or answer you chose for each KSA. Your work history examples should be specific and clearly reflect the highest level of ability. Your KSA answers will be evaluated further to validate whether the level that you selected is appropriate based on the work history and experience you provided. Your answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as appropriate. 
As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge, Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring process for all announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response in the text box listed below each KSA. 
This position is covered by the FAA Core Compensation plan. Additional information about core compensation is available on the following website: http://jobs.faa.gov/FAACoreCompensation.htm 
 
 Education 
 This position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page). 
 
 Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration. 
 
Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html. 
 
Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered. 
This position has a minimum education requirement as specified in the Qualifications Required section. College/University transcript(s), or applicable documentation, described in the Qualifications Required section must be submitted by the closing date of this announcement to show the requirements are met; Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration. Please see Important Information Regarding Education under the Required Documents section.
 Preview Job Questionnaire
 Make sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
 Additional information 
 We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions. 
Position may be subject to a background investigation. 
A one-year probationary period may be required. 
 
The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies. www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/financial_disclosure_requirements 
 
The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family. 
This announcement may be used to fill like Engineer (Artificial Intelligence) positions in any organization in AIR-600, which may be in other duty locations, within the Aircraft Certification Service. 
Only two (2) vacancies will be filled in any one of the locations identified below. 
Note: The following are the salary ranges for the listed duty locations: 
Washington, District of Columbia: $108,896.00 to $168,820.00 includes 30.48% locality pay 
Burlington, Massachusetts: $107,753.00 to $167,048.00 includes 29.11% locality pay 
Des Moines, Washington: $106,008.00 to $164,344.00 includes 27.02% locality pay 
Fort Worth, Texas: $104,306.00 to $161,704.00 includes 24.98% locality pay 
Kansas City, Missouri: $97,905.00 to $151,780.00 includes 17.13% locality pay 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; $96,770.00 to $150,021.00 includes 15.95% locality pay 
Westbury, New York: $111,817.00 to $173,349.00 includes 33.98% locality pay 
Hapeville, Georgia: $101,952.00 to $158,055.00 includes 22.16% locality pay 
Des Plaines, Illinois: $107,319.00 to $166,375.00 includes 28.59% locality pay 
Lakewood, California: $110,507.00 to $171,317.00 includes 32.41% locality pay 
Wichita, Kansas: $96,770.00 to $150,021.00 includes 15.95% locality pay 
Security Requirement : Moderate Risk (5). This position requires completion and favorable adjudication of a background investigation prior to appointment, unless a waiver is obtained. Subject to a 5 year period reinvestigation. 
This is a bargaining unit position. 
 
 Links to Important Information:  Locality Pay , COLA 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 
 
 IMPORTANT:  Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated. Ensure that your application package/resume supports your responses. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING EDUCATION: 
Transcripts are not required from current FAA employees who have occupied an Engineering position in the FAA. If you are not a current FAA employee in an Engineering position or other career field with a minimum education requirement, you MUST submit a copy of your unofficial college transcript(s) or a list of courses, grades earned, completion date, and quarter and semester hours earned by the closing date of this announcement. If selected, official transcripts will be required. Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html 
 
Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited US educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an accredited American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered. 
 
This position has a positive education requirement; college transcripts are required for ALL candidates newly appointed to the FAA in the 0800 (Engineering) series. 
 
College transcripts must be submitted from current FAA employees applying for internal vacancies if they have never held a position in the 0800 (Engineering) series with the FAA. 
 
College transcripts are not required from current FAA employees who are currently occupying an 0800 (Engineering) series. 
 
If selected, official transcripts are required prior to employment. 
 
 All Veterans:  If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit either a DD Form 214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member 4 Copy or equivalent), or a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions. If you are claiming 10 point preference, you must also submit a completed SF-15, Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference, and supporting documents outlined on the SF-15. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran. 
 
If you are claiming 10 point preference but fail to submit the supporting documents outlined on the SF-15, you will be tentatively assessed as a 5 point preference eligible provided your DD Form 214 reflects that you have the service required to qualify for preference. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran. 
 
 Veterans currently on active duty claiming veterans' preference:  You will be granted tentative preference if you submit a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions and your application shows that you have the required service. Prior to being appointed, you must provide to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office a DD Form 214 documenting discharge/release and showing that the service was honorable or general. If you are on terminal leave, you must provide documentation certifying authorized terminal leave. 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Individuals with disabilities
 Special authorities
 Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
 Clarification from the agency 
 All U.S. Citizens, Individuals with Disabilities and 30% or more Disabled Veterans usajobs.gov 27 days ago original job Report job Aeronautical Engineer jobs in Anchorage, AK Jobs at US Federal Aviation Administration in Anchorage, AK Aeronautical Engineer salaries in Anchorage, AK Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
