
 
 
 
 AI/ML Rotation Program - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Rotation Program Apple 10,249 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,249 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 10, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200246144 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly — and making the kind of impact that changes people's lives. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.
The people here at Apple don’t just craft products — they build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts.
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking.
You will also have a unique and rewarding opportunity to contribute to cool projects around Apple, and use your data science, machine learning, natural language, computer vision and artificial intelligence skills to transfer your ideas into solutions for some of the most challenging technical problems in the next generation of products that will surprise and delight millions of people.
We want new ambitious team members to join the AI/ML Rotation Program at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Strong Computer Science fundamentals including familiarity with basic algorithms and data structures 
Strong object-oriented programming and design skills 
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills 
Description 
Apple's central AI/ML org is looking for engineers who are passionate about using machine learning to build new user experiences.
The team you will join is looking for someone with a combination of strong programming skills and a creative, user-focused mindset. We seek a true team player who can collaborate with engineers in several technical areas.
In this role, you should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities and get up to speed quickly in new technical areas. 
SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
- A wide range of software engineering tasks across multiple domain areas
- Machine learning projects involving state of the art modeling techniques
- Collaborate with cross functional teams to gather requirements, understand dependencies, define an architecture, and implement solutions to well-defined projects
- Work with multiple teams across the organization to gain a broad understanding of the Siri architecture 
Education & Experience 
BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,249 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
