
 
 
 
 Post Doc Researcher – ML/AI – Microsoft Research - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doc Researcher – ML/AI – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,139 reviews New York, NY Microsoft 7,139 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Call for Postdocs in ML/AI at Microsoft Research NYC 
Application deadline: November 29, 20 20 
We seek outstanding applicants for a Postdoctoral Researcher position in the areas of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and related fields. 
Microsoft Research offers an exhilarating and supportive environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research, both theoretical and applied, with access to an extraordinary diversity of big and small data sources, an open publications policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. We seek applicants with the passion and ability to craft and pursue an independent research program, including a strong publication record at top research venues. 
The Microsoft Research machine learning group in New York includes Hal Daumé III, Miroslav Dudík, Sham Kakade, Akshay Krishnamurthy, John Langford, Dipendra Misra, Ida Momennejad, Robert Schapire, Alex Slivkins, Jenn Wortman Vaughan, Hanna Wallach, and Cyril Zhang. We collaborate extensively with the other groups at MSR NYC (fairness/accountability/transparency/ethics in AI, economics and computation, computational social science, and computer systems) and with groups across Microsoft Research. 
To be assured of full consideration, all of your materials,  including reference letters ,need to be received by November 29 , 20 20 .Applications received after that date may or may not be considered. 
To ensure we receive a complete application from you, please be sure to follow these instructions: 
Upload your CV 
When prompted in your application, please provide the names and contact information of at least 3 referees (in nearly all cases one will be from your dissertation advisor; others may be from any other senior collaborators) 
Upload (as separate attachments to your application) 2 conference or journal articles, book chapters, or equivalent writing samples that you are most proud of and which best demonstrate your expertise 
Upload (as an attachment to your application) one academic statement (approximately 3 or 4 pages) that outlines both your research achievements and agenda, and your service and outreach activities and plans (e.g., those related to mentoring or diversity) 
After you submit your application, the system will send a request for letters to your list of referees on your behalf.  Note:   The application system will not request reference letters until after you have submitted your application.  You may wish toalert your letter writers in advance so that they will be ready to submit your letter by our application deadline of November 29, 2020. While you will not be able to view the letters themselves, you can check the  status   of individual reference requests within your application. 
We are committed to building an inclusive, diverse and pluralistic research environment, and strongly encourage applications from women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans, as well as students with non-traditional backgrounds. 
Responsibilities 
As a postdoc, you define your research agenda in collaboration with other researchers, driving forward an effective program of basic, fundamental, and applied research. We highly value collaboration and building new ideas with members of the group and others. You have the direct opportunity to realize your ideas in products and services used worldwide. 
Qualifications 
This role is not to exceed two years. 
Required Qualifications 
PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, statistics, operations research, mathematics, or a related field 
Research ability demonstrated by journal and conference publications (Examples include papers in NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, COLT, FAccT, Annals of Statistics, UAI, AAAI, AISTATS, ACL, EMNLP, CVPR, as well as ML/AI-related papers in CHI, EC, ICRA, IROS, RSS, CoRL, KDD, Mathematical Programming, SIGIR, STOC, FOCS, SODA, etc.) 
Preferred Qualifications 
Research agenda that overlaps with ML group 
Participation and activity in the scientific community 
Strong communication skills 
The ability to work in a highly collaborative and interdisciplinary environment 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Microsoft in New York, NY Researcher salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,139 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
