
 
 
 
 Staff Writer - San Diego, CA 92121 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Writer Tabor Communications, Inc. San Diego, CA 92121 Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tech Reporter / Staff Writer – Full-Time 
Tabor Communications Inc. (TCI) is lookingfor an experienced tech reporter to join our team to help cover big data,artificial intelligence and advanced-scale computing for our high-impact publications(Datanami, EnterpriseAI and HPCwire). 
Theideal candidate understands the tech industry – including the key companies andthe competitive landscape – and has experience writing about machine/deeplearning, modeling/simulation, high performance data analytics and thetechnologies that enable them – including high performance data centers, cloudcomputing, high performance storage and networking, as well as emerging AIsilicon and AI frameworks. 
Key activities include: work withmanaging editors to report and write articles, help prepare Tabor onlinepublications and weekly newsletters, social media engagement, support oftradeshows and events, and supporting new strategies for expanding the audienceof our online publications as part of a team effort. 
This position is remote. Salary iscompetitive and commensurate with experience. Paid vacation and a full benefitpackage are also included. 
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities  Experiencecovering the tech industry as a business journalist.  Superiorwriting ability/writing experience.  Excellentoral and written communication skills.  Functionalknowledge of HTML and CMS, specifically WordPress.  Experiencein social media strategies and deployment across multiple platforms (Facebook,Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.).  Abilityto work independently from virtual office environment and as part of a team.  Abilityto execute and implement effectively under tight deadlines, maintaining a highlevel of production.  Abilityto establish priorities, work independently, and proceed with objectives.  Aworking knowledge of Tabor brands and related technologies, key issues, topicsand industries. 
Credentials and Experience  Minimumeducation: BS or BA, preferably in journalism, IT or an engineering field (or equivalentexperience).  Acombination of at least five years education and related experience.  Abilityto manage critical communications among staff, clients and professionalassociates.  Excellentanalytical and decision-making ability.  Proficiencywith Microsoft Word and familiarity with Google Docs, etc. 
Work Environment 
The work environmentcharacteristics described here are representative of those an employeeencounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Whileperforming the duties of this job, the employee is in a remote work from homeposition. 
This position will report to theEditorial Director. 
If this sounds like a match, apply andtell us why. We'll respond by email to all qualified candidates. 
Please submit (1) cover letter, (2)resume, and (3) writing samples. 
Tabor Communications Inc. (TCI) is aninternational media and communications company and publisher of industryleading online advanced computing publications, including HPCwire,EnterpriseAIand Datanami. 
Tabor Communications provides equal employment opportunities toall employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination andharassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex,national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexualorientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristicsprotected by federal, state, or local laws. Tabor Communications, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Writer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Tabor Communications in San Diego, CA Staff Writer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tabor Communications, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
