
 
 
 
 Director, Health Plan and Provider Programs - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Health Plan and Provider Programs HeartFlow, Inc. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The individual will be responsible for the management and implementation of strategic relationships between HeartFlow and US payer and provider organizations. The person will work directly with the Market Access and Commercial leadership and field teams to design and implement commercial programs with physician groups, imaging centers, self-insured employers, and health plans. This person will be responsible for leveraging cross functional resources including: Commercial Operations, Commercial Field Representatives, Contracting, Market Access, Customer Success, CT Applications, and Implementation. This person will also interact with the broader Market Access team and ultimately be responsible for implementation of tactical plans developed by the market access and commercial leadership teams. 
This position reports to the Chief Commercial Officer and is a home-based position with up to 80% travel. 
 Job Responsibilities 
Implement assigned projects to increase volume and revenue. 
Maintain current knowledge of applicable third-party reimbursement rules and regulations. 
Serve as primary point of contact for assigned commercial health plans, practice groups, and imaging centers. 
Negotiating, securing, and managing contracts and implementation of HeartFlow service with managed care plans (MCOs), Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), health systems, insurance companies and self-insured employers. 
Support commercialization strategy with regional sales teams and participate actively in the preparation and execution of regional field sales plans. 
Establish critical relationships with a variety of stakeholders within their geography: health plan medical directors, practice administrators, and key opinion leaders. 
 Skills Needed 
Minimum 10+ years of health care/managed care and reimbursement industry experience. 
Experience contracting with commercial health plans, self-insured employers, and provider organizations medical services. 
Understanding of key private payer policy infrastructure, payment methodologies, and managed care trends. 
Understand the global payer and reimbursement environment, specifically as it relates to coronary artery disease diagnostic testing in the U.S. Must have understanding of coverage, coding, payment, and reimbursement requirements and policies. 
Ability to synthesize clinical literature and target product profile in order to understand implications for value to payers, patients, and health care providers. 
Outstanding interpersonal skills and strong written and verbal communication skills, with an ability to condense complex information into concise outputs and direction. 
Demonstrated ability to work with multiple stakeholders in a collaborative and constructive manner. 
Ability and willingness to act in accordance with regulatory compliance requirements, including but not limited to HeartFlow’s quality system requirements. 
 Educational Requirements & Work Experience 
BS required. MBA or advanced degree preferred 
 About HeartFlow, Inc. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to every aspect of employment at HeartFlow, including recruitment, hiring, training, relocation, promotion, and termination. 
Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals. HeartFlow, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in Remote Jobs at HeartFlow in Remote Program Director salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from HeartFlow, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
