
 
 
 
 Chargeback Specialist - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chargeback Specialist - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
Seamless.AI is looking for a motivated, detail oriented, Chargeback Specialist to join our growing collections team! You will be provided with the training and guidance to help you succeed in this exciting opportunity! You will have the opportunity to use your relationship building and communication skills to successfully help us win disputes and assist with the collections on overdue accounts. Your expertise will directly impact the health of our company and even help in expanding the growth of our business. Join us and help share the best sales leads technology to change the lives of sales people around the world! 
Apply today if you have:
 At least 2 years of Chargeback & Disputes experience Some experience making Collection calls to customers High attention to detail
 Excellent verbal & written communication Thrive in a fast paced environment
 What you'll get to do everyday:
 Monitor customer accounts to track, identify & research any disputes on payments. 
Manage and reconcile open chargebacks and disputes.
 Partner with internal departments to maximize recovery and prevention of chargebacks.
 Investigate historical data for each debt, bill for disputes and collections.
 Find and contact customers to collect overdue payments by phone and email. 
Make proactive payment reminder calls and emails.
 Take actions to encourage timely overdue payments. 
Explain payment plan options and notify customers of any billing changes.
 Process payments as they are received. 
Resolve conflicts professionally. 
Update account status, document all conversations, record all dispute, chargeback, & collection efforts.
 Report on chargeback, dispute, and collection activity, while keeping management aware of escalated situations. 
PM19 
 Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Specialist salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
