
 
 
 
 Systems Engineer - System Design - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Engineer - System Design General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 602 reviews San Diego, CA General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 602 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems. 
 
We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Systems Engineer to join our Mission Payloads & Exploitation (MPEx) team.
 
 
As part of the systems engineering group, the chosen candidate will be in the system engineering role of interpreting customer problem statements and needs, and translating them into system architectures, use cases, and requirements. 
 
 DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Will work with customers, system end users and system end user surrogates to develop system and software Concept of Operations (CONOPS) that lead to detailed system design and requirements. 
Will lead software systems architecture design and will be a key member in design reviews to ensure software/hardware system design and verification approaches will meet system requirements. 
Will be the focal point on programs for system knowledge and design decisions. Candidate will be expected to understand system components, hardware/software components, and internal/external interfaces. 
Will develop trade studies/white papers, when applicable, to explain design decisions or development approaches. 
Will develop system and subsystem requirements that are clearly stated, concise, attainable, and verifiable. Those requirements will be decomposed and allocated to components, software, and hardware. 
Will help design and ensure compliance of interfaces between software and hardware. 
Will develop data flows, activity diagrams, or sequence diagrams as appropriate to help define hardware and software systems. 
Will be the direct conduit to the software development teams to ensure that software requirements are properly flowed down, as well as traceable to higher level requirements and test cases. Candidate will work closely with software development team to ensure requirements and design are understood, and are adhered to as part of the development lifecycle. 
Will work on a wide range of products ranging from Command/Control to Payloads to Exploitation systems, and work with a wide range of highly talented people from a range of technical disciplines. 
Will work with all phases of the software/hardware development lifecycle, including system analysis, architecture, design, integration, testing, and documentation. Projects will include customer funded development, R&D, and modifications and maintenance of systems under established programs. 
Performs other duties as assigned or required. 
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. 
 Job Qualifications: 
 Typically requires a bachelors degree, masters degree or PhD in engineering or a related technical discipline from an accredited institution and progressive engineering experience as follows; six or more years of experience with a bachelors degree, four or more years of experience with a masters degree, or two or more years with a PhD. May substitute equivalent engineering experience in lieu of education. 
Must be capable of working independently to find system solutions, but also must be able to work with multi-disciplinary teams 
Must be capable of generating CONOPS, working closely with system end users or user surrogates to identify system solutions 
Must be capable of developing system architectures and communicating system performance characteristics and requirements. This can include generating meaningful Key Performance Parameters from a blank sheet with stakeholder consensus. 
Must be cable of generating trade studies 
Must be capable of developing/deriving use cases from CONOPS and/or customer operational requirements 
Must be capable of decomposing and deriving requirements from customer operational requirements and use cases 
Must have experience generating interface definition and data flow artifacts 
Must be capable of clearly communicating design and requirements to software/hardware teams for software/hardware implementation 
Must have subject matter experience in a relevant technology 
Previous experience working with the Department of Defense (DoD) on airborne payloads such as Radar, Electronic Warfare, or Electro-Optical systems is desired 
Previous experience with payload hardware/software, command/control, or data fusion/dissemination capabilities is desired 
Previous experience with Human Factors/Human Machine Interface/User Interface Design is desired to assist with development of intuitive interfaces and efficient workflows 
Previous experience with DoD Open System Architecture (OSA) standards such as UAS Control Segment (UCS), Future Airborne Capability Environment (FACE), Open Mission Systems (OMS), UAS Command and Control Standard Initiative (UCI) is desired 
Previous experience with software design and development desired; however, the systems engineering role will not perform software design or development 
Previous experience with artificial intelligence systems or workflow automation is desired 
Previous experience with image and video exploitation systems is desired 
Previous experience with software and hardware integration is desired 
Knowledge of mission planning concepts and existing mission planning systems (e.g., JMPS) is desired 
Knowledge of model based systems engineering is desired 
Knowledge of systems engineering tools are desired (e.g., DOORS, Jama, MagicDraw) 
Knowledge of the following standards is desired: STANAG 4607, STANAG 4609, STANAG 4676, STANAG 4545 
Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secrurity Clearance is required General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA System Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Atomics and Affiliated Companies General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 602 reviews General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of privately-held General Atomics, is a leading manufacturer of Unmanne... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
