
 
 
 
 Systems Biology Bioinformatician - St. Louis, MO 63105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Biology Bioinformatician Nestle Purina PetCare Company 1,121 reviews St. Louis, MO 63105 Nestle Purina PetCare Company 1,121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB SUMMARY: 
 
Nestle Purina is actively seeking a skilled and dynamic data scientist excited in the creation and development of computational solutions for problems in biology, working with data from omics technology platforms including, genomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics, microbiome and physiological/biochemical pathways. This data scientist will collaborate with subject matter experts, analyze and model data, developing algorithms (AI/ML/DL/NN) that translate a pet’s unique data into meaningful, actionable insights. This data scientist will use a diverse array of technologies and tools to deliver insights, such as R, SAS, Python, Spark, Hadoop, Google analytics, etc in the development of these algorithms. 
This person will be a member on an agile team with a global responsibility and will have the opportunity to play a central role in developing and shaping the future efforts in this fast-moving area. 
 ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 
 Consult with scientists from different areas in the design and analysis of experiments. Keep current in the latest analytical methods and lead analytical method development and programming to address study requirements. Perform appropriate analytical modeling and/or analysis of project data, interpreting results and preparing summaries and reports. Perform exploratory analyses of data as requested to explore for patterns and trends from past studies. Propose, develop and implement innovative concepts based on data and ongoing research strategies Present key insights from data to various audiences including senior leadership, to support actionable next steps Travel as necessary Practice safety in the work area 
 
 ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Keep current in field and maintain a high level of expertise Additional duties as assigned Actively acts as a consulting expert within Nestlé Purina in area of technical expertise Proven ability and willingness to mentor and guide the less experienced technical staff 
 SUPERVISION GIVEN AND RECEIVED: 
 
 Mentoring and guidance as required for assigned projects Supervision required should be minimal 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Experience, and Knowledge): 
 PhD or Master's degree from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, Biophysics or related fields, with five years of relevant experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning and/or neural networks. Deep experience extracting, cleaning, preparing, and modeling data; command-line scripting, data structures Proficiency in statistical programming and programming languages (R, Python, C, C++ preferred). Experience with cloud computing platforms such as AWS and Azure. Proficiency in SQL (HANA/Azure) to execute basic data engineering activities as-needed. Ability to translate objectives into project plans and lead and manage projects to successful end points. Ability to work with internal/external customers to assess needs, aid, and resolve problems, using excellent problem-solving skills and verbal/written communication to non-technical audiences. 
 It is our business imperative to remain a very inclusive workplace. 
To our veterans and separated service members, you're at the forefront of our minds as we recruit top talent to join Nestlé. The skills you've gained while serving our country, such as flexibility, agility, and leadership, are much like the skills that will make you successful in this role. In addition, with our commitment to an inclusive work environment, we recognize the exceptional engagement and innovation displayed by individuals with disabilities. Nestlé seeks such skilled and qualified individuals to share our mission where you’ll join a cohort of others who have chosen to call Nestlé home. 
The Nestlé Companies are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer seeking diversity in qualified applicants for employment. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, gender, gender identity, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, perceived disability, medical condition, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other protected status, as defined by applicable law. 
Prior to the next step in the recruiting process, we welcome you to inform us  confidentially  if you may require any special accommodations in order to participate fully in our recruitment experience. Contact us at accommodations@nestle.com or please dial 711 and provide this number to the operator:  1-877-204-8650 . Nestle Purina PetCare Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Nestle Purina PetCare Company in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nestle Purina PetCare Company Nestle Purina PetCare Company 1,121 reviews We Stand Taller because we dare to make every day better. To give it our all. To put our name on the work we do. Doing the right things r... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
