
 
 
 
 Head of Process Operation, Data and Modeling - Waltham, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Process Operation, Data and Modeling Sanofi 4,233 reviews Waltham, MA Sanofi 4,233 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview and Department Description: 
Sanofi is looking for a Head of Process Operation and Modeling to support the Process Development and Engineering department being formed in the Cambridge area. The team is responsible for the development of the small molecule NCE portfolio and the process improvement of the legacy portfolio. Reporting to the Head of Process Development and Engineering, this role will be responsible for building and leading the team in the U.S. while collaborating with colleagues in France. We are looking for a highly motivated individual with a mindset to implement changes who must be a recognized technical expert in the field of data and modelling with expertise in application on pharmaceutical processes. 
This is an exciting opportunity to demonstrate, in a cutting-edge scientific department, a new way of working where modeling and data science will support the next generation of Sanofi medicines improving the quality of life for patients across the world. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Lead the modelling and data science initiative in Synthetics and the implementation into the portfolio. 
Foster innovation in the field of data and modelling to process development and will manage an internal and external scientific network. 
Contribute, strategically and operationally to the development of NCEs by providing team support and data strategic inputs. 
Participate in the innovation program and the deployment of continuous processing and biocatalysis into the portfolio. 
Basic Qualifications: 
PhD in Chemical engineering or related discipline with a minimum of 10 years of experience in industry or academia. 
Minimum of 5 years’ experience managing team of high-level scientist. 
Strong scientific track record in system models and process simulations. 
Strong scientific track record in the following fields: Phama 4.0continuous processing, HTC. 
Knowledge in application of Machine Learning and artificial intelligence methodologies. 
Domain knowledge in Biologics with direct experience in either upstream or downstream development or manufacturing 
Knowledge in application of gPROMS, Matlab, Aspen, Python, DynoChem or similar in Drug Substance, Drug Product and Bio Pharmaceutical. 
Advanced scientific network within academia and industry. 
Ability to work as part of a team, engaging other scientists with complementary skill sets in the field of Biopharmaceutics. 
Change agent mentality, proposing novel approach to challenging scientific questions. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Solid track record in project and people management with an ability to communicate with transparency with peers and senior stakeholders. 
Sanofi Inc. and its U.S. affiliates are Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race; color; creed; religion; national origin; age; ancestry; nationality; marital, domestic partnership or civil union status; sex, gender, gender identity or expression; affectional or sexual orientation; disability; veteran or military status or liability for military status; domestic violence victim status; atypical cellular or blood trait; genetic information (including the refusal to submit to genetic testing) or any other characteristic protected by law. 
#GD-SA 
#LI-SA 
At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all. SanofiUS 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Head of Data jobs in Waltham, MA Jobs at Sanofi in Waltham, MA Head of Data salaries in Waltham, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sanofi Sanofi 4,233 reviews Sanofi is dedicated to supporting people through their health challenges. We are a global biopharmaceutical company focused on human heal... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
