
 
 
 
 IT SR Analyst Programmer - Remote - Jacksonville, FL 32099 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT SR Analyst Programmer - Remote Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32099 Remote Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Jacksonville 
State 
Florida 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Information Technology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career!
 Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits . Eligibility may vary. 
Position description 
This is a full time remote position within the United States. 
The Digital Pathology Unit within the Clinical Laboratory Support Sections is seeking a highly motivated, high-performing, experienced AI Developer professional to join the team. 
As a Data Engineer/AI Developer you will be a part of a team developing world-class processes and tools integrating machine learning and statistical computing into everyday research and clinical operations centered on digital pathology. You will play a critical role in architecting & developing cloud solutions that employ the latest machine learning and AI technologies. Here, you will make an impact by: 
Designing, planning, developing, implementing, and maintaining artificial intelligence, deep learning, machine learning, and statistical processes against digital pathology data 
Innovating at the intersection of AI and digital pathology 
Working with cross-functional clinical, business, and technical teams 
Engages with the researchers, management, and clinicians to develop acceptance criteria for features and use cases 
Actively participates in all Agile meetings 
To set you up for success in this role from day one, you will have the following minimum qualifications: 
Great communication skills 
2+ years of demonstrable DevOps experience 
Experience with UNIX/Linux system administration 
Experience with Google Cloud Platform, Azure DevOps, GitHub or GitLab 
Experience with CI/CD processes 
Experience with a broad range of technologies that span the stack 
Bachelor's degree or higher (completed and verified before start) from an accredited institution 
One (1) year experience in applied AI/ML in a private, public, government, or military environment 
Two (2) years of enterprise-level software development experience in a private, public, government, or military environment 
Experience building and deploying highly scalable systems, algorithms, and tools on platforms to support machine learning and deep learning solutions. 
Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include: 
Experience developing software that employs statistical computing/data science toolsets including R and Python 
Experience with programming data engineering languages like Java, Scala, C#, and SQL. 
Excellent understanding of AI techniques and algorithms, such as deep learning, machine learning, and predictive analytics. 
Completed course(s) in statistical computing, machine learning, advanced experimental design, and image analysis 
Participation in a 24/7 on-call support rotation may be required.
 
Mayo Clinic will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree and 3 years' experience, including 1 year demonstrated technical experience; 
Or, Associate's degree and 7 years' experience, including 1 year demonstrated technical experience. 
Additional qualifications 
Applies effective system design principles and software development methodologies. Demonstrated ability to multi-task among multiple complex assigned tasks/projects. Evidence of strong communication, meeting management, and organizational skills and ability to adjust the message as appropriate to the audiences of varying technical capabilities. Evidence of project management skills. Possesses an objective and positive attitude with all tasks and projects. Possesses a high level of project and deliverable consistency through demonstrated repeatable and reliable performance. Evidence of ability to take initiative and proactive on starting tasks and assignments and ability to work independently. Experience working in healthcare technology. Exposure to managing both custom developed and vendor-supplied applications. Masters degree in applicable field preferred. 
License or certification 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $3,171.20-$4,894.40 based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
Full time telework. Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. May be required to provide 24/7 on-call support. 
Weekend schedule 
May be required to provide 24/7 on-call support. 
Site description 
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer! 
Category 
IT and Engineering 
Career profile 
Information Technology 
Job posting number 
153799BR 
Recruiter 
Ted Keefe 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Analyst jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL IT Analyst salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
