
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, Video Understanding - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, Video Understanding Google 3,888 reviews Atlanta, GA Google 3,888 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, machine learning, other related area or equivalent practical experience. 
 Experience with applying machine learning algorithms in imaging domains. 
 Experience contributing to research communities and/or efforts, including publishing papers at conferences. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience developing new representations for video analysis applied to processing and creating videos. 
 Experience exploring artificial intelligence methods to support content creation and understanding. 
 Experience developing scalable machine learning and computer vision algorithms, leveraging deep learning. 
 Experience engaging on product innovation and deploying research to support critical product needs. 
 Published state of the art research. 
 About the job 
As an organization, Google maintains a portfolio of research projects driven by fundamental research, new product innovation, product contribution and infrastructure goals, while providing individuals and teams the freedom to emphasize specific types of work. As a Research Scientist, you'll setup large-scale tests and deploy promising ideas quickly and broadly, managing deadlines and deliverables while applying the latest theories to develop new and improved products, processes, or technologies. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new architectures, our research scientists work on real-world problems that span the breadth of computer science, such as machine (and deep) learning, data mining, natural language processing, hardware and software performance analysis, improving compilers for mobile platforms, as well as core search and much more. 
As a Research Scientist, you'll also actively contribute to the wider research community by sharing and publishing your findings, with ideas inspired by internal projects as well as from collaborations with research programs at partner universities and technical institutes all over the world. 
 
The Perception team within Google Research focuses on research and development of systems to interpret and transform sensory data. We are looking to grow our team in the area of video analysis, creation and synthesis. Building on state-of-the-art research in computer vision, machine learning, artificial intelligence, HCI, and computer graphics, we seek to develop the next generation of tools and systems that leverage content understanding. We are interested in exploring concepts from deep learning, time-series and multimodal analysis, language models and interactivity to support the medium of video. 
Research happens at Google everyday, on many different embedded teams throughout the company. Our research reaches the user through both services and products such as Search, Maps, Google Assistant, Google Translate, Google Cloud and our computing, storage, and networking infrastructure. To achieve this, we’re working on a wide variety of projects that utilize the latest state-of-the-art technologies that push the boundaries of what is possible. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop new representations for video analysis applied to processing and creating videos.
 Explore artificial intelligence methods to support content creation and understanding.
 Develop scalable machine learning and computer vision algorithms, leveraging deep learning.
 Engage on product innovation and deploying research to support critical product needs.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Google in Atlanta, GA Research Scientist salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,888 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
