
 
 
 
 Laboratory Technician - De Soto, Kansas - De Soto, KS - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Laboratory Technician - De Soto, Kansas Biodesix, Inc. De Soto, KS Job details Salary $21 - $26 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ABOUT US: 
Biodesix is a leading diagnostic company with a focus in lung disease. The Company develops diagnostic tests addressing important clinical questions by combining multi-omics through the power of artificial intelligence. Biodesix is the first company to offer six non-invasive tests for patients with diseases of the lung. Biodesix launched the SARS-CoV-2 ddPCR™ test and the Platelia SARS-CoV-2 Total Ab in response to the global pandemic and virus that impacts the lung and causes COVID-19. The blood-based Biodesix Lung Reflex® strategy for lung cancer patients integrates the GeneStrat® and VeriStrat® tests to support treatment decisions with results in 72 hours, expediting time to treatment. The blood-based Nodify Lung™ nodule risk assessment testing strategy consisting of the Nodify XL2™ test and the Nodify CDT™ test evaluates the risk of malignancy in incidental pulmonary nodules, enabling physicians to better triage patients to the most appropriate course of action. Biodesix also collaborates with many of the world’s leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to solve complex diagnostic challenges in lung disease. For more information about Biodesix, please visit www.biodesix.com. 
OBJECTIVE OF THE POSITION: 
This position is located at the Biodesix Laboratory in De Soto, Kansas. 
Laboratory technicians assist with the setup and support of the daily activities of the laboratory. In addition, Laboratory Technicians have the technical training and experience required to perform regulated clinical laboratory test realization (test specimen receipt through test result generation) using standard in-vitro laboratory techniques. Team members are also expected to operate a proprietary LIMS. The position also works in a cross-functional matrix organization working across departments, including Development, Customer Service, Accounting, Quality, Operations, the Laboratory Directors, and other departments as needed. 
Ongoing training will be provided to supplement key skills required to perform the functions of this position as applicable. 
Required: must embrace a culture of transparency, willing and open to share data and technical knowledge, excellent communication skills, on time delivery of complete and quality results. Surfaces issues promptly to manager with follow through to a resolution. 
Appropriate designees may act as responsible delegates according to the Biodesix Quality Matrix, including day to day responsibilities required for CAP/CLIA/COLA as well as all state-specific requirements in which Biodesix is an approved test facility. 
As a Laboratory Technician, this role is required to abide by applicable laws, regulations, and accreditation standards governing the laboratory meeting qualifications under CLIA 06D2085730, Section 493.1495; Human Resources Sustaining Standard of Practice 4 (HR Sr) Technical Personnel. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Completes training and Competency Assessment for all new and existing procedures. 
Takes responsibility for completing continuing education (CD) requirements set by applicable regulatory and accrediting agencies. 
Performs all test realization function in support of Biodesix products and services. 
Performs duties in line with established SOP and in accordance with HIPAA. 
Enters appropriate data into LIMS. 
Uploads appropriate data to the Customer Service team. 
Contributes to the overall maintenance of laboratory equipment and supplies following SOPs. 
Contributes to the creation and revision of Laboratory SOPs in the Quality Management System (QMS). 
Contributes to the Internal Audit readiness through good documentation practices. 
Contributes to Development projects, as needed. 
Other duties as assigned. 
COMPETENCY OR POSITION REQUIREMENTS: 
Technical level will be benchmarked based on laboratory experience, technical competency and ability to work independently. 
Outstanding technical laboratory skills. 
Excellent attention to detail with a strong commitment to thoroughness and error-free execution of procedures. 
Exceptional organizational and documentation skills. 
Knowledge of lab safety 
Communicates effectively with on-site and remotely located management/support teams. 
Has exceptional written and verbal skills. 
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment with strong work ethic. 
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
Bachelor’s degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology. 
OR equivalent laboratory training and experience meeting the requirements defined by CLIA. 
Experience with Agilent LC-MS preferred. 
Basic computer skills required (Microsoft Office suite). 
OTHER : 
This position is eligible for both equity awards and theshort-term incentive program. 
Biodesix provides paid healthcare,including medical, dental and vision, and a competitive paid vacation and sickleave program. Please visit our website for additional details. 
www.biodesix.com/careers/benefits 
Biodesixis an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receiveconsideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteranstatus. Biodesix, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Laboratory Technician jobs in De Soto, KS Jobs at Biodesix in De Soto, KS Laboratory Technician salaries in De Soto, KS Company Info Follow Get job updates from Biodesix, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
