
 
 
 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Talent Acquisition Coordinator Sitel 11,611 reviews United States Sitel 11,611 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
About Sitel Group® 
 
As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
Sitel is currently looking for a Talent Acquisition Coordinator (TAC). This individual can work virtually. 
The Talent Acquisition Coordinator (TAC) plays an important role in providing consistent, centralized support to recruiters as they identify and move candidates through the candidate life cycle (initial engagement through backgrounds). 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Open and close positions and requisitions in SuccessFactors (ATS). 
 Schedule candidate interviews with recruiters and hiring time and coordination of travel when necessary. 
 Job Description (JD) formatting and posting on career site and external posting sites, if needed. 
 Offer process including; processing of offer approvals through system and completing offer letter signatures to candidates. 
 Completing background checks, send onboarding documents and forms, and send the email out to orientation/HR partners and stakeholder managers that candidate has been hired. 
 When requested, assist recruiters by performing basic sourcing or screening for minimum requirements of open roles. 
 General administrative support. 
 
Typical Qualifications/Skills and Abilities: 
  Proven ability to take initiative and build positive and productive personal & professional relationships. 
 Excellent organizational skills and meticulous attention to detail. 
 Demonstrated record of goal achievement. 
 Demonstrated initiative, ownership, and customer focus skills, with the motivation and ability to function independently or as a team member. 
 A high degree of flexibility in matrix environment. 
 Excellent verbal/written communication skills and highly proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. 
 Ability to prioritize tasks and work on multiple assignments concurrently. 
 
Experience Target: 
 Minimum of two years related experience in an administrative or TA/HR Administrative role. 
Education: 
 Four-year degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Recruiting Coordinator jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Recruiting Coordinator salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,611 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
