
 
 
 
 Senior Staff Battery Management System Engineer - Moline, IL 61265 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Staff Battery Management System Engineer John Deere 3,524 reviews Moline, IL 61265 Remote John Deere 3,524 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW. 
Primary Location:  United States (US) - Illinois - Moline 
 Function:  Product Engineering 
 Title:  Senior Staff Battery Management System Engineer - 72870 
This position may be located in Moline, IL, Cary, NC, Fargo, ND or Remote per the hiring manager's discretion. This may be dependent on the successful candidate's background, experience, and proficiency. 
This position is currently eligible for a telework and/or a compressed workweek arrangement. The arrangement may be delayed for training or other job acclimation purposes. This arrangement is subject to change. 
Your Responsibilities 
As a  Senior Staff Battery Management System Engineer  you will support product electrification projects by leading and executing the development of lithium-ion battery management systems (BMS) for John Deere products worldwide. This includes product analysis, design, testing, as well as development of advanced battery models and controls. 
Development and commercialization of battery management systems for energy storage (Lithium-Ion batteries) across all John Deere production systems 
Technical leadership for advanced battery management algorithms 
Technical leadership for development of battery models including; electrical, thermal, and aging models 
Technical leadership for identification of appropriate battery technical solutions 
Technical work direction to engineers and lab technicians executing the detailed battery design and testing 
What Skills You Need 
12 or more years’ experience in product design and engineering 
7 or more years’ experience in the design, development, testing, and integration of battery management systems in advanced energy storage systems including lithium-ion batteries 
5 or more years’ experience in the production and/or product launch of lithium-ion battery systems 
7 or more years’ experience in development and validation of Battery Management System algorithms including state of charge (SOC), state of health (SOH) and Safety Functions 
7 or more years’ experience in Battery Management System software development and validation 
5 or more years’ experience in battery management system hardware design, development, and testing 
5 or more years’ experience contributing as a core team member on a cross-functional product development team 
5 or more years’ experience in battery management system integration into electric vehicle applications 
What Makes You Stand Out 
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering. Desired emphasis on battery management systems, battery technology and/or similar technologies. 
Advanced technical degree, Masters level or greater, is highly desired unless individual has equivalent technical field and work experience in the area of battery management systems and battery technology product application. 
Understanding of energy storage (Lithium-Ion Battery) technology trends, vehicle industry application trends, battery management system technology trends, and lithium-ion battery test approaches. 
Experience in leading complex engineering projects. 
Work experience with rectifiers, inverters, power control systems, and chargers. 
Experience with installation, commissioning and field support of energy storage systems (Lithium-Ion Batteries) including diagnosing and troubleshooting battery system failures. 
Experience with artificial intelligence and/or machine learning methodologies and application to battery management systems. 
Experience with battery management system HIL testing. 
5 or more years’ experience in development of battery equivalent circuit, thermal and aging models using Matlab / Simulink. 
Experience with construction, agricultural, and turf vehicle engineering. 
What You'll Get 
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package. 
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines. 
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. John Deere 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior System Engineer jobs in Moline, IL Jobs at John Deere in Moline, IL Senior System Engineer salaries in Moline, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from John Deere John Deere 3,524 reviews Are you looking for a meaningful career? How does feeding the world sound? There are currently 7.6 billion people on this planet and by 2... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
