
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellow - Fairfax, VA 22030 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Fellow George Mason University 588 reviews Fairfax, VA 22030 George Mason University 588 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description Department of Computer Science 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellow 
 
The George Mason University Department of Computer Science, within the Volgenau School of Engineering in collaboration with the The Schar School of Policy and Government and the School of Business, are seeking a highly motivated Postdoctoral Research Fellow to conduct research in the areas of cryptocurrencies, deanonymization on the blockchain and money laundering. George Mason University has a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff, and strongly encourages candidates to apply who will enrich Mason’s academic and culturally inclusive environment. 
 
Responsibilities:
 The responsibilities of the position include, but are not limited to, research in the following areas: 
 
 Design and apply clustering and deanonymization techniques for a variety of cryptocurrencies; 
 Run analysis on the level of money laundering on cryptocurrencies; 
 Design probabilistic tools for automated detection of malicious behavior while transacting with cryptocurrencies. 
 
 
 Required Qualifications:
 The successful candidate must have an earned PhD or have completed it by the start date of the position, in Computer Science or Computer Engineering; 
 The candidate must be able to show solid expertise in cryptography/security and machine learning illustrated by having published in major venues such as ACM CCS, IEEE S&P, USENIX Security, NDSS, CRYPTO, EUROCRYPT, ICML, KDD, NIPS, ASIACRYPT, WWW, IEEE CSF, ESORICS, PKC, PETS, FC, ACNS, EURO S&P, SCN, etc.; 
 Research in blockchain/cryptocurrency area as well as experience with blockchain deanonymization and blockchain applications and smart contracts will be highly desirable. 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Additional knowledge of financial markets and money laundering is also highly desirable, but not required. 
 
 
 About the Department:
 The Department of Computer Science has 46 tenured and tenure-track faculty and 15 teaching-track faculty with wide-ranging research interests, and strong research groups in cybersecurity, systems and networks, machine learning and data mining, artificial intelligence, and software engineering. The Department has seen a substantial increase in computer science majors as enrollment has grown from 550 undergraduates in 2012 to nearly 2,000 today. The department has over 130 PhD students and more than 350 graduate students enrolled in four MS programs. The Department has $14.5 million in annual research expenditures, 14 recipients of the prestigious CAREER/Young Investigator Awards, four IEEE Fellows, and two ACM Fellows. 
 
 
 In conjunction with Amazon’s decision to establish a second headquarters in Northern Virginia, the Commonwealth of Virginia announced a multi-year plan to invest in the growth of degree programs in computing, and George Mason University has committed to accelerate its plans to grow its capacity in computer science and related disciplines. For more information on the department, visit our web site: https://cs.gmu.edu/. 
 
Mason Engineering: The Future of Engineering is Here 
 
The Volgenau School of Engineering at George Mason University is a fast-growing force for innovation in research and education. The school boasts more than 8,600 students in 37 undergraduate, master’s, and doctoral degree programs, including several first-in-the-nation offerings. Of the 250 full-time faculty who comprise the School, 90 are tenured, 50 are tenure-track, 85 are instructional faculty, and 25 are research faculty. As part of a nationally ranked research university, its research teams expended more than $60 million in sponsored research awards last year and has projects with over $400 million in current and anticipated awards. Located in the heart of Northern Virginia’s technology corridor, Mason Engineering stands out for its research in many leading areas including artificial intelligence, data analytics engineering, cybersecurity engineering, biomedical imaging and devices, community-based healthcare, autonomous systems, 5G communications, systems architectures, computational biomedicine, advanced materials and manufacturing, sustainable infrastructure, and more. The School encourages multidisciplinary research and provides faculty with opportunities to work with other disciplines. 
 
 
 George Mason University is the largest public research university in Virginia, with an enrollment of over 38,000 students studying in over 200 degree programs. Mason is an innovative, entrepreneurial institution with national distinction in a range of academic fields. It was classified as an R1 research institution in 2016 by the Carnegie Classifications of Institutes of Higher Education. Mason is located in the City of Fairfax in Northern Virginia at the doorstep of the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area, with unmatched geographical access to a number of federal agencies and national laboratories. Northern Virginia is also home to one of the largest concentrations of high-tech firms in the nation, providing excellent opportunities for interaction with industry. Fairfax is consistently rated as being among the best places to live in the country and has an outstanding local public school system. 
 
 
 In conjunction with Amazon’s decision to establish a second headquarters in Northern Virginia, the Commonwealth of Virginia announced a multi-year plan to invest in the growth of degree programs in computing, and George Mason University has committed to accelerate its plans to grow its capacity in computing and high-tech fields. Among the exciting initiatives being undertaken by the university are the launch of the Institute for Digital InnovAtion (IDEA), a university think tank and incubator to serve the digital economy, and the expansion of its Arlington Campus with a planned 400,000 square foot Digital InnovAtion Building. These initiatives reflect hundreds of millions of dollars in new investment by Mason that will rapidly elevate Mason’s already leading national position in computing and related areas. We also expect multiple joint faculty positions funded by Virginia’s Tech Talent Investment Program. 
Special Instructions to Applicants
 For full consideration, applicants must apply for position number F598AZ ; at https://jobs.gmu.edu/; complete and submit the online application; and attach a CV, a 1 page short research statement (to be attached as ‘Other Doc’), and a list of three professional references with contact information. 
The review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. The appointment is for 12-months and can be extended based on performance and continued availability of funding. 
For Full Consideration, Apply by: 12/11/2020 George Mason University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Fairfax, VA Jobs at George Mason University in Fairfax, VA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Fairfax, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from George Mason University George Mason University 588 reviews George Mason University (also Mason), located in Fairfax, Virginia, United States, is the largest public research university in the Commo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
