
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer - Multi-modal Systems, Siri Understanding - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer - Multi-modal Systems, Siri Understanding Apple 10,249 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,249 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  May 10, 2021 
Role Number: 200154868 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, computer vision, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri multi-modal learning team at Apple.
The Siri team is looking for a bright and talented machine learning engineer to influence in developing Siri’s next generation multi-modal assistant on Apple’s innovative devices and novel features. You should be eager to get involved in hands-on work researching and developing new Siri experiences with multiple input modalities like speech, vision and other sensors. 
Key Qualifications 
Machine learning research and development experience on developing systems for computer vision, speech recognition, natural language understanding applications. 
Fluency in programming languages including but not limited to Python/Java. 
Proficiency in at least one major machine learning framework, such as Tensorflow, PyTorch etc. 
Strong understanding of machine learning for different modalities like computer vision, speech processing, natural language understanding. 
Consistent track record of researching, inventing and/or shipping advanced machine learning algorithms 
Creativity and curiosity for solving highly complex problems 
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills with ability to work well in cross functional teams. 
Description 
You will be a part of a team that's responsible for help research and develop Siri’s multi-modal experience in a full range Apple devices. This position requires passion for researching and developing multi-modal machine learning algorithms and systems. You will work with the speech, vision, natural language understanding teams to deliver a great Siri user experience. You must have a “make this happen” attitude and willingness to also work hands-on in building machine learning tools, testing, data collection, running experiments as well as work with state-of-the-art computer vision, speech and natural language understanding processing algorithms.
Your key responsibilities in this role are:
-Research, design and implementation of machine learning/deep learning algorithms
-Benchmarking and fine tuning of machine learning/deep learning algorithms
-Optimizing algorithms for real time and low power constraints for embedded devices
-Support algorithm integration into Apple products
-Collaboration with teams across Apple with multidisciplinary skills
Because you'll be working closely with engineers from a number of other teams at Apple, you’re a team player who thrives in a fast paced environment with rapidly changing priorities. 
Education & Experience 
MS/Ph.D in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field with focus on machine learning, computer vision, speech processing, natural language understanding or similar 
Additional Requirements 
#AIML#siriunderstanding#machinelearning#speech#ai#seattle Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,249 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
