
 
 
 
 AI/ML Senior Full Stack Engineer - Center for Digital Health - Remote - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Senior Full Stack Engineer - Center for Digital Health - Remote Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Remote Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Center for Digital Health 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career! 
Position description 
The Artificial Intelligence Innovation and Enablement team within the Center for Digital Health at Mayo Clinic is looking for a highly skilled Principal Full Stack Engineer to partner with our Product Managers, UX designers, and AI/ML architect to lead our ML Ops and tool build. We are building teams of talented data scientists, implementation analysts, UX staff and software engineers to develop and implement AI/ML models into production use. We serve as a central resource to enable other areas across the Mayo Clinic Enterprise in their AI/ML efforts. This is a career-defining opportunity to use your superpowers for good. At the values-based #1 hospital in the world, you will be collaborating with incredible healers and scientists, leading the way forward to help augment their abilities with machine learning. 
Roles and Responsibilities:  Work with AI/ML architects, UX designers, and product managers to understand requirements and engineer AI/ML solutions and products that improve the experience of doing healthcare AI/ML. Within a design thinking framework, collaborate with product managers, designers, data scientists and other internal and external stakeholders to gather and refine requirements to address the business needs. Create product engineering specifications and design documents based on requirements. Provide technical leadership to the software engineering team. Take direction from the Software Architect and ML Ops Manager and help lead the team through the software design, development, testing and release cycle to deliver and support the AI/ML solutions on-prem or on cloud. Actively seek ways to improve software development process and keep the team up to date on latest software technologies and processes. Provide clear and accurate status report to management and stakeholders as needed. Guide and coach members of the software engineering team. 
This vacancy is not eligible for sponsorship/ we will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field with 7 years of experience. Or Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field with 5 years of experience. 
Demonstrated experience on a broad range of software technologies and development platforms.
 
5 years of experience in designing and building software solutions, including both front-end and back-end development. Excellent programming skills. 
Expertise in front-end technologies, including JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5. 
Expertise in server-side programming languages including Java, Ruby, PHP and Python. 
Excellent communication and teamwork skills. 
Experience in leading software development processes.
 
Ability to collaborate effectively with internal business stakeholders, outside partners and technology teams. 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $5,856.80-$8,492 based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
M-F, daytime hours 
 100% remote role; employee can work from anywhere in the U.S. 
Weekend schedule 
NA 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Administration, Business, Finance, IT and Engineering 
Job posting number 
152239BR 
Recruiter 
Laura Percival 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Full Stack Developer salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
