
 
 
 
 Digital Design Returnship - Chandler, AZ 85226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Design Returnship Synopsys 262 reviews Chandler, AZ 85226 Synopsys 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Temporary Full Job Description 30268BR 
 USA - Arizona - Chandler, USA - Arizona - Tucson, USA - California - California, USA - California - Folsom, USA - California - Irvine, USA - California - Los Angeles, USA - California - Mountain View/Sunnyvale, USA - California - Pasadena, USA - California - San Diego, USA - California - San Francisco, USA - California - San Jose, USA - Colorado - Denver, USA - Colorado - Longmont, USA - Colorado - Westminster, USA - Florida - Oviedo, USA - Georgia - Atlanta, USA - Illinois - Chicago, USA - Illinois - Schaumburg, USA - Indiana - Bloomington, USA - Indiana - Indianapolis, USA - Maryland - Columbia, USA - Massachusetts - Boston, USA - Massachusetts - Boxborough, USA - Massachusetts - Burlington, USA - Massachusetts - Marlboro, USA - Michigan - Detroit, USA - Michigan - Novi, USA - Minnesota - Bloomington, USA - Minnesota - Minneapolis, USA - Minnesota - Roseville, USA - New Jersey - Bedminster, USA - New Jersey - Newark, USA - New York - New York City, USA - New York - Ossining, USA - North Carolina - Durham, USA - Ohio - Cincinnati, USA - Ohio - Columbus, USA - Oregon - Hillsboro, USA - Pennsylvania - Allentown, USA - Tennessee - Nashville, USA - Texas - Austin, USA - Texas - Dallas, USA - Texas - Plano, USA - USA, USA - Virginia - Dulles, USA - Washington - Bellevue, USA - Washington - Seattle, USA - Washington DC, USA-Texas-Addison, USA-Texas-Addison, USA-Virginia-Herndon 
 Job Description and Requirements 
 Let us help you get back into a high paced, dynamic and collaborative work environment, where your ideas and contributions will enable innovative products and solutions. As Synopsys, you will have the opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working alongside industry professionals. You will build and refine skills relevant to your career goals. The Synopsys RIYA (Re-Ignite Your Aspiration) returnship program emphasizes re-integration, allowing you to work hand-in hand with mentors and colleagues on your team. The end goal will be to provide you with an enriching experience through exposure to our products, tools, strategies, while expanding your network, that will ultimately lead to a full-time role. This is a 4-6 month position intended for professionals who have been out of the industry for at least 2 years. 
 
Skills: 
You are encouraged to apply if you have all or some of the skills and experience listed below. 
Experience with EDA tools 
Experience with VLSI CAD Algorithms 
Basic knowledge of semiconductor IC circuits 
Programming languages such as C/C++, Python, MATLAB, CUDA 
Understanding of Machine Learning and Deep-Learning algorithms 
Expertise with RTL2GDS Design Implementation Flow and methodology 
Education Qualifications: 
BS in Electrical Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related field. 
Our Silicon Design & Verification business is all about building high-performance silicon chips—faster. We’re the world’s leading provider of solutions for designing and verifying advanced silicon chips. And we design the next-generation processes and models needed to manufacture those chips. We enable our customers to optimize chips for power, cost, and performance—eliminating months off their project schedules. 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Temporary
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 Temporary
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Digital Designer jobs in Chandler, AZ Jobs at Synopsys in Chandler, AZ Digital Designer salaries in Chandler, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 262 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
