
 
 
 
 Senior Applied Machine Learning Scientist - Mountain View, CA 94043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Applied Machine Learning Scientist Microsoft 7,139 reviews Mountain View, CA 94043 Microsoft 7,139 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and we believe that artificial intelligence will play a critical role in accomplishing that mission. The Core Search and AI team is the leading applied machine learning team at Microsoft responsible for delivering the highest-quality experience to over 500M+ monthly active users around the world in Microsoft’s search engine, Bing. Beyond Bing other search engines such as Yahoo, DuckDuckGo, and new startups like Neeva depend on us as well. 
We have seen little innovation in search in the last decade and we are looking for people who want to build the next generation of search using advanced AI technologies such as deep learning. Our work spans a very large scope of scenarios including delivering high quality search results from a massive document corpus, extractive and abstractive summarization to generate document snippets, personalization, machine reading comprehension, and document recommendations. 
As a team, we leverage the diverse backgrounds and experiences of passionate engineers, scientists, and program managers to help us realize our goal of making the world smarter and more productive. We believe great products are built by inclusive teams of customer-obsessed individuals who trust each other and work closely together. We collaborate regularly across the company both to find the technology breakthroughs from groups like Microsoft Research to infusing AI into the rest of Microsoft products like Office and Azure. 
Some examples of our work include: 
Open sourcing our vector search algorithm (covered by Ars Technica and TechCrunch) 
Using transformer networks for search (covered in Search Engine Land and in State of AI 2020 report) 
Deep learning based question answering and captions (covered in VentureBeat, Search Engine Land) 
Codeveloping our large scale training library called DeepSpeed (covered in SiliconAngle, The Batch) 
Building and open sourcing blazing fast transformer network inferencing (covered in ZDNet and Forbes) including developing our own accelerated chips for inferencing 
If you are passionate about working on the latest and hottest areas that will help you develop skills in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, data science and high scale systems, this is the team you’re looking for! 
#semanticsearch# 
Responsibilities 
Customize existing algorithms or develop new algorithms to improve search and recommendation systems. 
Drive independent research and development of machine learning algorithms resulting in shipped product improvements. 
Work on the full lifecycle of machine learning development including training data collection, feature engineering, model training, offline and online experimentation. 
Advance the state-of-the-art machine learning and NLP algorithms for real-world large-scale applications. 
Drive a machine learning project from idealization to shipping. 
Mentor and grow junior engineers in the team. 
Qualifications 
 Required Qualifications 
Bachelors, Masters or advanced degree in Computer Science or related field (including Mathematics and Physics) 
2+ years of industry experience applying Machine Learning techniques 
2+ years of experience coding in Python, C++, C#, C or Java 
Preferred Qualifications 
MS or PhD computer science or related field. 
Experience with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch 
Experience building large scale cloud-based solutions. 
Customer focused, strategic, drives for results, is self-motivated, and has a propensity foraction. 
Fantastic problemsolver:ability to solve problems that the world has not solved before. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Mountain View, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,139 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
