
 
 
 
 Data Manager - Boulder, CO 80309 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Manager University of Colorado Boulder 412 reviews Boulder, CO 80309 University of Colorado Boulder 412 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $75,000 - $100,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary 
 We are encouraging applications for a Data Manager to support a newly established National Artificial Intelligence (AI) Institute. Funded by the National Science Foundation, The Institute for Student-AI Teaming brings together a geographically distributed team of researchers from nine Universities with partners from academia, K-12 school districts, and industry to address the central challenge of how to promote deep conceptual learning via rich socio-collaborative learning experiences for all students. This position supports researchers and will work closely with the Principal Investigator and the Institute’s leadership team to establish and implement a data lifecycle management system that is expressly designed to support state-of-the-art natural language processing and multimodal machine learning research. This position provides exciting opportunities to interact with an interdisciplinary team of leading scientists and educators, and instill efficient and collaborative mechanisms for team-based science that has national impact. 
 
The University of Colorado Boulder is committed to building a culturally diverse community of faculty, staff, and students dedicated to contributing to an inclusive campus environment. We are an Equal Opportunity employer, including veterans and individuals with disabilities.
 Who We Are 
 The Institute for Student-AI Teaming founded by National Science Foundation (NSF), will develop, deploy, and study AI Partners that interact naturally with students and teachers through speech, gesture, gaze, and facial expression in real-world classrooms and remote learning settings. The AI partners will be designed in close collaboration with educators with the aim of supporting students to develop STEM competencies, disciplinary practices, and 21st century skills. The long-term impact on the Institute is to help realize the grand challenge of “Education for All.” The Institute will accomplish this goal by leading the nation towards a future where all students—especially those whose identities are underrepresented in STEM—routinely participate in rich and rewarding AI-enabled collaborative learning experiences that scale, resulting in deeper student engagement and persistence in STEM, more inclusive classroom cultures, and significant improvements in learning outcomes. 
The Institute for Student-AI Teaming is hosted and supported by the Institute of Cognitive Science (ICS) at CU-Boulder. Founded in 1968, the mission of ICS is to understand and enhance human cognition, learning, and development through the creation of interdisciplinary partnerships. ICS fosters rich scientific interchange across researchers from a broad range of disciplines, including Artificial Intelligence, Linguistics, Psychology, Neuroscience, Computer Science, Philosophy, and Education. ICS also specializes in incubating cutting edge, state-of-the-art R&D centers. 
 
 What Your Key Responsibilities Will Be 
 Work closely with Institute leadership to establish and implement a data lifecycle management system that complies with Institutional Review Board-approved protocols and policies; Train researcher team members on this system. 
Identify appropriate data platforms for multimodal data (e.g. Microsoft multimodal data platform, AWS S3, Google cloud). 
Establish and maintain a relationship with the CU Research Computing team as appropriate to support on-premise data solutions. 
Work closely with Institute leadership and research team members to establish, maintain, and manage versions for data repositories, including large data repositories. 
Establish, document, and enact policies guiding controlled access to data repositories. 
Work closely with trained annotation teams to prepare new data sets. 
Establish and carry out policies and practices for documenting data sets. 
Preprocess/curate data to prepare data sets for machine learning research. 
Implement version control policies to ensure research teams are using appropriate versions of data sets. 
Identify and prepare data that can be publicly shared. 
Use basic statistical methods to probe and display data set characteristics. 
Coordinate with multiple groups engaged in data collection activities. 
Develop software tools to support data lifecycle management processes as needed. 
 What We Can Offer 
 The salary range is $75,000-100,000, commensurate with experience and education. 
 Benefits 
 The University of Colorado offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid time off, tuition benefit and ECO Pass. The University of Colorado Boulder is one of the largest employers in Boulder County and offers an inspiring higher education environment. Learn more about the University of Colorado Boulder. 
 Be Statements 
 Be Dynamic. Be Impactful. Be Boulder. 
 What We Require 
 M.A./M.S. in Computer Science or a similar field and/or Bachelor's degree and 4 years of relevant experience. 
Proficiency with Python, command-line interface tools, R, or similar. 
Prior experience in data preprocessing for machine learning. 
 What You Will Need 
 Strong communication, customer service, and teamwork skills. 
Strong verbal communication and interpersonal skills, and high degree of professionalism. 
Current knowledge and experience of data lifecycle management and ability to coordinate with cross-functional teams. 
Customer-service-oriented approach for managing internal stakeholders. 
Demonstrated organizational skills. 
Strong experience using appropriate data preprocessing and data management tools. 
Demonstrated technical writing skills for documenting data sets and protocols for managing data repositories. 
 What We Would Like You To Have 
 5-10 years of relevant experience in establishing and implementing data lifecycle management systems. 
Experience managing human subjects data or other controlled or sensitive data. 
Experience with specific data lifecycle management software such as Flywheel. 
Prior experience developing machine learning models. 
 Special Instructions 
 To apply, please submit the following materials: 
Resume/CV 
Cover Letter 
Review of applications will begin on May 17, 2021. 
During the application process, you will need to enter contact information for one reference and we will request a letter of recommendation and additional materials if needed, as the search progresses. 
Note: Application materials will not be accepted via email. For consideration, applications must be submitted through CU Boulder Jobs. 
 Posting Contact Information 
 Posting Contact Name:  Boulder Campus Human Resources 
 Posting Contact Email:  Recruiting@colorado.edu University of Colorado Boulder 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Manager jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at University of Colorado Boulder in Boulder, CO Data Manager salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Colorado Boulder University of Colorado Boulder 412 reviews As one of only 34 U.S. public research institutions in the Association of American Universities (AAU), the University of Colorado Boulder... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
