
 
 
 
 Production Assembler (Front Half Nights) - Temp-to-Hire - Beaverton, OR 97008 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Production Assembler (Front Half Nights) - Temp-to-Hire FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews Beaverton, OR 97008 FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Production Assembler (Front Half Nights) Temp-to-Hire 
 FormFactor, Inc. 
 Beaverton, OR 
 Re: COVID-19, FormFactor is committed to the safety of our employees. We have ample safety protocols in place, including social distancing, safety training and appropriate screenings for all on-site personnel and visitors. 
 We live in a mobile driven world where technology is constantly improving. Semiconductor manufacturers need a partner as they pioneer and drive the most advanced integrated circuits (ICs) ever made. FormFactor is the world’s leading supplier of semiconductor test and measurement products used to test the ICs that power the majority of smart phones and tablets on the planet, as well as electronic systems used in computing, consumer, automotive, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and other applications. We are a big company with a small time feel. Working at FormFactor gives you the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology, have a direct influence on next generation products hitting the market and drive the overall growth and development of the semiconductor industry. 
 We are a fast-paced, agile, growing company that values diversity of thought and constantly strives for a more diverse, inclusive environment. We are looking for enthusiastic, talented individuals who can thrive in a changing and challenging environment. 
 
 Our Technicians work a Compressed Work Week (CWW). This means that each pay period you work three 12-hour shifts one week, and four 12-hour shifts the following week*. Per Oregon law, you will be eligible for Overtime Pay (1.5X Hourly Rate) for all time worked over 10 hours in one shift. Shifts available: 
 Front Half Nights: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, every other Wednesday, 5:00pm - 5:15am 
 
 These CWW schedules only apply to our Beaverton, OR locations 
 
 PURPOSE: 
 The Electronics Assembler is responsible for assembling of complex electronic and electro-mechanical systems. Assemblers work from schematics, diagrams or written and verbal instructions to accurately assemble microscopic components into electronic test products. This role requires strong assembly skills for very small, fragile, high tolerance components, the ability to derive, validate, and document component tolerances, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced production environment. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Operate laser cutting equipment per documented procedure to cut and extract polymer membranes and components for assembly and engineering evaluation. 
 Assemble polymer membranes onto electronic probe components, including attachment, clamping into proprietary fixtures, UV curing and process time management. 
 Perform mechanical attachment of small, mixed material components with the use of screw fasteners and adhesives. 
 Perform all technical duties of an Assembly Tech II as needed. 
 Manage prioritization of assembly process execution to maximize output based on product run, curing time, and product due dates. 
 Read assembly documentation and understand Bill of Material lists and assembly documentation. 
 Perform simple math calculations to assess tolerance stack summation. 
 Assemble small parts and components using a microscope and specialized jigs, fixtures and hand tools. 
 Set up and run tests to validate build specifications. 
 Collect, organize and evaluate Statistical Process Control (SPC) data. 
 Set up and operate specialized equipment per documented processes. 
 Safely handle chemicals such as solvents and adhesives while adhering to all safety rules and procedures. 
 EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED 
 Associates degree or equivalent in Electronics, Microelectronics, Engineering, Factory Production, or related subject. 
 Minimum of 2 years experience in assembly or electronics manufacturing environment. 
 Minimum of 2 years of experience in the operation of complex mechanical equipment, laser cutting equipment, or assembly jig operation. 
 Minimum of 1 year of experience collecting, organizing and evaluating data. 
 Working knowledge of mechanical assembly practices such as clamping, gluing, UV or heat curing. 
 Demonstrated experience meeting aggressive deadlines and tight time frames. 
 Demonstrated flexibility in balancing changing priorities in a manual process environment. 
 Ability to multi-task and operate multiple machines simultaneously. 
 Demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills and be able to read, comprehend, and execute complex work instructions. 
 Experience with Microsoft products (Access, PowerPoint, Outlook, Excel and Word). 
 Able to sit for extended periods and work under a microscope. 
 Able to wear safety lab equipment such as lab smock, hair covering, shoe covering, and gloves. 
 Able to perform detailed visual inspection tasks. 
 Able to work overtime as needed to support production schedule. 
 Able to respond quickly in the case of an emergency such as a chemical spill, building evacuation or power outage. 
 WORK ENVIRONMENT 
 Ability to work continuously inside a clean room environment with chemicals while wearing protective clothing (Smock, Hairnet, Gloves, etc.) 
 Ability to work at a microscope for extended periods of time up to 80% per shift depending on station assigned 
 Ability to read work instructions and perform both written and computer documentation. 
 Ability to push and pull 10-15 lbs. 
 Ability to perform routine lifting of 6 lbs. materials. 
 FormFactor is committed to providing a work environment where everyone is treated with dignity and respect. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and are committed to compliance with all Federal, State, and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, sex (including breastfeeding and related conditions), gender (including gender identity and gender expression), national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, religion, physical or mental disability, marital status, registered domestic partner status, medical condition, military or veteran status, genetic characteristics or information, or any other legally protected characteristic. These protections extend to all employment and management decisions including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotions, pay practices, benefits, disciplinary actions and terminations, and all other terms and conditions of employment. FormFactor, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Production Assembler jobs in Beaverton, OR Jobs at FormFactor in Beaverton, OR Production Assembler salaries in Beaverton, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from FormFactor, Inc. FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews At FormFactor, it’s not enough just to make revolutionary products.  We also strive to be a great place to work.  We demonstrate our comm... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
