
 
 
 
 AmeriFlux - Water Cycle Postdoc - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AmeriFlux - Water Cycle Postdoc Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 172 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Berkeley Lab’s Climate & Ecosystems Division in the Earth and Environmental Sciences Area (EESA) has an opening for a Postdoctoral scholar in the AmeriFlux Management Project (AMP). The postdoc will lead and conduct collaborative research on water fluxes using AmeriFlux data, and will play a key role in the theme for network action on water fluxes (the Year of Water Fluxes). Possible directions of research include evapotranspiration synthesis; coupled carbon and water fluxes; validation and/or synthesis of flux and remote sensing observations; model-data integration; and application of machine learning or artificial intelligence. The postdoc will work most closely with Dennis Baldocchi (UC Berkeley) and Margaret Torn. 
 What You Will Do: 
 Co-lead AmeriFlux theme Year for Water Fluxes activities, including planning workshops and interacting with scientists and stakeholders from participating communities. 
 Lead and conduct collaborative research related to water fluxes using AmeriFlux data 
 Help lay the groundwork for the next theme year on remote sensing 
 Participate in AMP and AmeriFlux meetings and workshops 
 Submit manuscripts to peer-reviewed journals. 
 Participation in LBLs safety culture 
 Commitment to LBL’s values of Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accountability 
 
 What is Required: 
 A Ph.D. (or equivalent) in biogeochemistry, ecohydrology, environmental engineering, biometeorology, Earth sciences or related field is required before starting position 
 Demonstrated quantitative and computational skills 
 Demonstrated written and verbal communications skills 
 Domain knowledge in a relevant field such as ecology, ecosystem science, ecohydrology, or land-atmosphere interactions. 
 Strong interest in advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in the AmeriFlux community 
 Demonstrated ability to publish research in relevant journals 
 An ability to work independently and in an integrated team environment 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 Demonstrated experience with remote sensing techniques 
 Proficient coding skills in at least one of R, Matlab, Python, Fortran 
 Numerical skills 
 Knowledge of ecophysiology and plant biochemistry 
 
 For full consideration, please submit your application by April 15th, 2021, and include CV, contact information for three references, and PDFs of 1-3 of your papers. The posting shall remain open until the position is filled. 
 Notes: 
 This is a full-time, M-F, exempt from overtime pay (monthly paid), 2-year postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs. You must have less than 3 years of paid postdoctoral experience. 
 Salary for Postdoctoral positions depends on years of experience post-degree. 
 This position is represented by a union for collective bargaining purposes. 
 Salary will be predetermined based on postdoctoral step rates. 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 Learn About Us: 
 Berkeley Lab (LBNL) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. 
Working at Berkeley Lab has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab- Click Here. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and other underrepresented groups presently considering scientific research careers. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 172 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
