
 
 
 
 Voice and Multimedia Engineer - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Voice and Multimedia Engineer Capgemini 8,253 reviews Salt Lake City, UT Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :12+Months 
Responsibility : 
The Voice and multimedia Engineer will be part of Resolution team responsible for proactive voice and multimedia infrastructure management of the Global voice infrastructure which includes Cisco Call Manager, Call Center, Voice Recording (Cybertech, Verint), Audio Conferencing (Avaya), Unity Voice mail systems,
 Trader Voice platforms (IPC, BT, Unigy, ISR/Hoots) Monitoring Infra, External Connectivitys (Clients & Vendors), Multimedia Cisco telepresence, 
Monitoring the Voice and multimedia Equipments deployed globally using Monitoring tools 
Troubleshooting and Resolution to any production issues (monitoring or user reported) 
Track and document production issues 
Ensuring production issues are worked on within agreed SLA / SLT 
Owning an issue to provide resolution 
Escalating complex and critical issues to Leads in timely 
Working with networking product vendors and telecoms service providers with regards to production issues 
Follow global change management procedures and best practices for implementation. 
Engineer should have a working knowledge of industry wide best practices. Change management, Incident management, Release management. 
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with internal and external technical, business, and support groups, including vendor/partner relationships. 
Document and maintain accuracy of standard operating procedures and best practices for areas of responsibility. 
Requirements : 
Minimum 2/ 3 + years of experience in voice and multimedia domain / profile 
Experience managing, monitoring and supporting Voice infrastructure 
Experience with SNMP monitoring tools such as EMC SMARTS 
Strong ability to diagnose voice alerts, events or issues along with srong analytical and problem solving skills. 
Good Time management and organizational skills 
Ability to handle multiple concurrent tasks with minimal supervision 
Ability to work on flexible schedule 
Highly self-motivated with positive attitude and ability to work independently in a global team environment. 
Plan/Execute all technical aspects of voice infrastructure upgrades, installations and enhancements. 
Maintain accurate records of changes, incidents, projects and as-built documentation. 
Work actively with team members and voice operations management to improve team efficiency and efficacy. 
Assess risk associated with voice platform issues and respond/communicate in a timely manner. 
Hands-on voice systems experience required (3+ years preferred) 
Experience with Voice - Cisco Call Manager, Call Center, Voice Recording (Cybertech, NICE), Audio Conferencing (Avaya), Unity Voice mail systems, Trader Voice platforms (IPC, BT, Unigy, ISR/Hoots) is preferred. 
Experience with Multimedia technology, Polycom and Cisco room based systems including TelePresence 
Have technical systems knowledge, audio-visual knowledge technical skills, basic understanding of acoustics and lighting design. 
Ability to configure room based A/V equipment and troubleshoot production issues 
Ability to lead and oversee technical aspects of deploying new voice infrastructure or executing platform upgrades/enhancements in an enterprise environment. 
Desires to work on interesting Audio Visual and Broadcast technology. 
Prior experience maintaining high service levels in a high availability environment. 
Prior experience executing and validating changes in a production environment. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Voice Engineer jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Jobs at Capgemini in Salt Lake City, UT Voice Engineer salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
