
 
 
 
 PT Lecturer - Enterprise Intelligence - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PT Lecturer - Enterprise Intelligence Northeastern University 616 reviews Boston, MA Northeastern University 616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Job no:  502825 
 Position Type:  Faculty Part-time 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  College of Professional Studies 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and a world leader in experiential learning. The same commitment to connecting with the world drives our use-inspired research enterprise. The university offers a comprehensive range of undergraduate and graduate programs leading to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Our campuses in Charlotte, N.C., San Francisco, Seattle, and Toronto are regional platforms for undergraduate and graduate learning and collaborative research. Northeastern pursues advanced research in security and materials at the Innovation Campus in Burlington, Massachusetts, and in coastal sustainability at the Marine Science Center in Nahant, Massachusetts. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
Looking for a qualified candidate who would teach on-ground, hybrid, and online graduate-level courses for the Master of Professional Studies in Enterprise Intelligence. This position is located at the Northeastern University Boston Campus. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
Instructional areas included, but are not limited to, Artificial Intelligence (AI), with particular expertise in Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Neural Networks, and Deep Learning. The mission of the Master of Professional Studies in Enterprise Intelligence is to foster foundational AI skills among working professionals, including Data Management, Data Analytics, Data Visualization & Communication, human literacy, and Technology (Python, etc.). This degree prepares students for entry-¬‐ and mid-¬‐level roles in AI, that are specific to particular professional domains or disciplines in business, healthcare/pharmaceutical, finance, and human resources). The degree is deeply rooted in experiential learning that is closely linked to professional applications in the work force. 
 
For a full list of courses, click on the “curriculum tab” of the following link: 
 
https://cps.northeastern.edu/academics/program/master-professional-studies-enterprise-intelligence 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Minimum qualification: Masters in an aligned discipline and analytics-industry experience. 
 
Preference for candidates with a PhD in a sciences field, or similar. 
 
Demonstration of teaching, coaching, and/or training is required, with a history of successful teaching (online/on ground) at the graduate level is strongly preferred. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 N/A 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 FAC 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University is a global, experiential and leading research university, built on a tradition of engagement with business, industry and communities to create a distinctive approach to education, research and service. 
 
The College of Professional Studies offers innovative and flexible programs that allow adult learners and working professionals to complete their degrees. CPS offers associate, bachelor’s degree, certificate programs and post-baccalaureate programs in fast-growing fields such as biotechnology, leadership, business administration, finance, project management, information technology and management. Degrees are delivered in full or part-time formats and courses are offered in a variety of on-campus and online options. 
 
 
Courses are offered in online, on-campus, and blended formats. Courses are typically 6-weeks in duration. Positions are available contingent upon enrollment, funding, and departmental needs. Position is not-benefits eligible 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  24 Feb 2020 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lecturer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Lecturer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 616 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
