
 
 
 
 Product Manager - AI Applied Research - Seattle, WA 98109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager - AI Applied Research Facebook 623 reviews Seattle, WA 98109 Facebook 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. With over 2.1 billion people, our community is growing rapidly, and at this scale we cannot fulfill our mission without cutting edge Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems that operate at unprecedented scale. At Facebook AI, our mission is to bring the world closer together by advancing AI. We envision solutions to the companies problems that are only solvable with advancements in AI, invent the technology needed, and then work with product teams across Facebook, Inc. to apply that technology and make the future we envisioned a reality. PMs in Facebook AI should be passionate about working with a multidisciplinary team of researchers, engineers, designers, and data scientists to drive the next set of AI breakthroughs that will make people's lives better. They should also be excited by the opportunity to work collaboratively and by having impact on not just one area, but a broad portfolio that spans across all of Facebook, Inc. If this sounds exciting, we want to talk to you. If this sounds exciting, we want to talk to you. 
Lead and drive AI products within the context of a broader product goals, strategy and roadmap. 
Independently identifies significant opportunities in an ambiguous area and builds consensus around roadmaps and how to evaluate success. 
Decides on impact high-level business metrics. 
Leads and motivates a team of engineers and other cross-functional representatives, and maintains team health. 
Frequently identifies significant product, organizational, and process opportunities and drives them to fruition often without explicit direction and resourcing. 
Incorporate data, research and market analysis to inform product strategies and roadmaps. 
Display strong leadership, organizational and execution skills across the entire organization. 
Shape the direction of Facebook's core products by applying cutting edge AI innovations to tackle people problems such as reducing integrity issues, making content and ads more relevant, and improving search amongst many others. 
Build new AI technologies, services, and platforms for areas such as computer vision, NLP, speech/audio, and personalization that operate at Facebook scale and power all Facebook products. 
8+ years product management or related industry experience. 
Experience applying machine learning (ML) technologies such as computer vision, NLP, speech/audio, or personalization to build new product experiences. 
Experience driving projects with cross-functional colleagues. 
Proven record of successful product outcomes. 
Experience defining vision and strategy for a product. 
Experience of going through a full product lifecycle, integrating customer feedback into product requirements, driving prioritization and pre/post-launch execution. 
Experience recruiting and leading a cross-functional team of world-class individuals. 
Experience developing social products, technologies and platforms. 
BA/BS in relevant field. 
Experience building new AI/ML technologies. 
Experience working with researchers on R&D projects. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Facebook in Seattle, WA Product Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 623 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
