
 
 
 
 Accounting Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Accounting Manager Lambda 17 reviews Remote Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our deep learning systems power cutting edge advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more. 
 
Lambda’s growing client list included Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and many more top public and private research institutions. 
 
Join us in building the future of Artificial Intelligence. 
 
 
About the Role 
 
As a Lambda Accounting Manager, you will be the first accounting hire at Lambda prior to Lambda phasing out our third party accounting firm. This role will be helping integrate a new ERP system as well as helping to automate as many accounting related functions as possible. 
 
What You’ll Do 
 
(List responsibilities and make them as important as possible) 
 
 Oversee and complete month end close by completing the following activities: 
 Manage data between our various platforms (bank feeds, Django, Stripe) 
 Bank reconciliations 
 Journal entries 
 Processing 
 Manage the accounts receivable process: 
 Booking orders 
 Manage invoicing 
 Match cash receipts against invoices 
 Deposit liability reconciliation 
 Manage the accounts payable process 
 Enter POs 
 Process bills 
 Ensure the completeness and accuracy of all transactions recorded 
 Perform high level flux analysis on a monthly basis 
 Coordinate with our third party accountants on sales tax review 
 Assist in audit cycles 
 Maintain chart of accounts 
 Coordinate with Operations team 
 
 Experience that’s great to have 
 
(List qualifications) 
 
 At least five years of previous experience as a bookkeeper 
 Bachelors in Accounting or Finance preferred 
 Experience with the following software/platforms: 
 Quickbooks Online 
 MS Office 
 Bill.com 
 Stripe payments processor 
 Background/understanding of hardware and cloud products 
 
 Nice to Have 
 
 Experience working at a high growth company 
 Experience working with inventory 
 Experience bookkeeping for multiple companies or business units at the same time 
 Designing a month end close process 
 Evaluating and implementing a change to automated invoicing 
 Experience or participated in 
 
 About Lambda 
 
 We offer generous cash & equity compensation. 
 Investors include Gradient Ventures, Google’s AI-focused venture fund. 
 We are experiencing extremely high demand for our systems, with quarter over quarter, year over year profitability. 
 Our research papers have been accepted into top machine learning and graphics conferences, including NeurIPS, ICCV, SIGGRAPH, and TOG. 
 We have a wildly talented team of 30, and growing fast. 
 Our remote workforce, based on role, is across the U.S., with headquarters in San Francisco. 
 Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents. 
 Commuter/Work from home stipends. 
 401k Plan. 
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off. 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Accounting Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Lambda in Remote Accounting Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
