
 
 
 
 Content Strategist/Copywriter - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content Strategist/Copywriter - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
As the Content Strategist at Seamless.AI, you will partner with our Product Owner of Salesflix to help outline, write, edit, launch, market, and nurture our online sales training programs, making a direct impact on the growth and education of our current and prospective customers. This role will also partner with the Content Manager and the content team to ensure utmost success across our online content strategy which includes but is not limited to, our books, lead magnets, sales enablement, product marketing, social media content, and blog posts. 
 
 The Ideal Content Strategist will: 
Develop sales course content that strategically drives new users and builds world-class salespeople, marketers, and entrepreneurs. 
Become a subject matter expert in our company objectives and be able to effectively skyrocket success through our Salesflix user activity in Kajabi. 
Form a close partnership with the Product Owner of Salesflix and the CEO of Seamless 
Work with other team members at Seamless to establish new voices and trainers within the company. 
Have a passion for engaging and educating customers in unique and creative ways. 
Be eager to help launch a new product from the ground up and drive results
 Have unlimited autonomy and creative freedom to produce content salespeople need and want the most. 
 
 
Apply today if you have: 
Previous experience ghostwriting, editing, and long-form writing. 
A love to learn, conduct research, write, edit, and enjoys a non-fictional but conversational approach to writing. 
Strong narrative writing surrounding different types of content. 
Portfolio or examples of work that showcase personality and ability to write long-form content (at least 500-1000 words in length). 
Demonstrated ability to edit and write across various media content including marketing, social media, and books. 
Ability to research topics to develop and write content while maintaining the voice of our CEO and brand. 
Exceptional collaboration skills. 
Superior organizational and time management skills. 
 
 
Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Content Strategist jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Content Strategist salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
