
 
 
 
 Electron Microscopy Postdoc - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Electron Microscopy Postdoc Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 172 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Berkeley Lab’s Materials Sciences Division has an opening for an Electron Microscopy EELS Postdoc. 
 The National Center for Electron Microscopy (NCEM) facility in the Molecular Foundry is one of the world's foremost user facilities for electron beam nanocharacterization, providing state-of-the-art electron microscopes and expertise in high-resolution imaging, spectroscopy, and analysis. The postdoctoral fellow associated with this position will participate in the development and application of new analysis methods for the analysis and noise reduction of Electron Energy Loss Spectroscopic data based on machine learning and artificial intelligence (ML/AI) approaches. You will be part of a team-centered around the multi-PI, multi-institution 4DCamera Distillery project led by the Molecular Foundry to develop and deploy AI/ML tools to rapidly distill information from the data streams of fast electron detectors for a variety of imaging, diffraction, spectroscopic, and instrument automation applications. You will also utilize the leading-edge transmission electron microscopy (TEM) capabilities of our facility, including aberration correction and advanced pixelated direct electron detectors utilized for EELS data generation. Key to the success of this project will also be the development of robust analysis codes to quantitatively interpret very large datasets and compare against first-principles simulations, such as those within the Materials Project database. This is a 2-year appointment with the possibility of renewal. 
 What You Will Do: 
 Perform world-class research by developing EELS analysis methods to understand the structure-property relationships of energy-relevant materials by extracting local composition and bonding information from large-scale, noisy datasets. 
 Develop new and innovative analysis methods that apply ML/AI tools for interpretation of fine structure in EELS data. 
 Develop new and innovative analysis methods that apply ML/AI tools for noise reduction of both individual EELS spectra and multidimensional spectral maps. 
 Develop methods for matching EELS data against pre-simulated first principles libraries to determine oxidation state, bond hybridization, and composition of materials. 
 Provide feedback to optimize EELS experimental parameters for maximal information retrieval 
 Collection of experimental EELS data using the suite of FEI Titan-class TEMs available at the NCEM facility 
 Additional Responsibilities as needed: 
 Coordination with the Materials Project at LBNL to aid the specification and development of efficient algorithms for matching experimental EELS data to pre-simulated databases. 
 Incorporation of analysis codes into the software stack for future fast EELS detectors, operating up to MHz speeds. 
 
 What is Required: 
 Ph.D. or equivalent degree in Materials Science, Physics, or related Physical Sciences or Engineering discipline 
 Excellent scientific publications record in relevant areas 
 Experience in the application of machine learning and/or artificial intelligence methods for the analysis of imaging or spectroscopic data. 
 Well-developed oral and written communication skills. Ability to work effectively within a team and with various levels of internal and external users and staff. 
 Strong organizational and time management skills. Ability to manage competing priorities, provide quality work within tight time constraints, and deliver projects on schedule. 
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 Experience with computational materials modeling such as density functional theory, molecular dynamics, etc. 
 Experience in the management and manipulation of large, multidimensional data sets commensurate with electron microscopy and spectroscopy 
 Experience in the operation of aberration-corrected transmission electron microscopes, particularly in STEM mode 
 Ability to prepare high-quality samples for transmission electron microscopy experiments 
 
 This position will remain open until filled. 
 Notes: 
 This is a full-time, 2 year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds, and ongoing operational needs. 
 You must have less than 3 years of paid postdoctoral experience. 
 Salary for Postdoctoral positions depends on years of experience post-degree. 
 Salary will be predetermined based on postdoctoral step rates. 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core values at Berkeley Lab. Our excellence can only be fully realized by faculty, students, and staff who share our commitment to these values. Successful candidates for our faculty positions will demonstrate evidence of a commitment to advancing equity and inclusion. 
 Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and other underrepresented groups presently considering scientific research careers. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 172 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
