
 
 
 
 Director, Business Product Strategy - Delivery & Signals - San Francisco, CA 94105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Business Product Strategy - Delivery & Signals Facebook 623 reviews San Francisco, CA 94105 Facebook 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our team partners closely with leaders to set the strategic direction of the long-term product roadmap. We analyze the trends that shape our world, and apply them to our portfolio of products to identify how to position Facebook for long-term success. We particularly focus on themes of monetization and how to evolve Facebook’s business model. This role will lead product strategy support for the Ads product group, which is tasked with making every impression meaningful - serving the right ad, to the right people, at the right time. This visionary strategic thinker will join the leadership of the Ads product group, and manage multiple teams supporting the entire product group. The leader will also connect the dots with our Artificial Intelligence (AI) organization and other monetization efforts (e.g. commerce, business messaging, etc.). The candidate is expected to influence the long-term roadmaps for these teams. 
Strategically evaluate our current product portfolio and roadmap, evaluate new opportunities, evolve our product strategy, and guide long-term roadmaps 
Influence product leadership in monetization and more broadly across the company to achieve our mission and strategy 
Lead and grow a high-performance strategic teams 
10+ years of experience in product strategy at a consumer tech/e-commerce company and/or strategy consulting with exposure to consumer tech/e-commerce 
Track record of developing and leading high-performance, nimble and analytically rigorous teams 
Experience shifting priorities while maintaining a high degree of organization and focus 
Substantive experience in the advertising/marketing and/or machine learning spaces 
Experience driving innovation at leading tech company 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Strategy jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Facebook in San Francisco, CA Director of Strategy salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 623 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
