
 
 
 
 Post Doctorate RA - HPC Proxy application-driven Codesign - Richland, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doctorate RA - HPC Proxy application-driven Codesign Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Richland, WA Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Organization and Job ID 
 Job ID: 312152 
 Directorate: Physical & Computational Sciences 
 Division: Advanced Computing, Math & Data 
 Group: Scalable Analytics & Decision Optimization 
 Job Description 
 The Data Sciences & Machine Intelligence group in the Advanced Computing, Mathematics, and Data Division at PNNL seeks a dynamic Post-Doctoral Data Scientist to join the group to lead and support codesign activities by analyzing real-world compute-intensive and data-intensive applications on heterogeneous computing platforms. This is an excellent opportunity to hone and develop your scientific career in an outstanding research institution by joining an interdisciplinary research team that focuses on key topics spanning data sciences and machine intelligence to advance scientific discovery. The primary emphasis of this position will be growing existing and crafting new capabilities in broad areas of: 
 (1) Analysis, modeling, and assessment of existing and emerging class of converged applications which can potentially consolidate Graph Analytics, Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence and classic HPC simulations. 
 (2) Research and develop new algorithms and implementations targeting heterogeneous platforms. 
 (3) Collaborate closely with subject matter experts to solve challenging domain problems 
 (4) Lead and contribute to the publication and presentation of results in high impact scientific computing journals and conferences, and sponsoring agencies. 
 (5) Mentor and train graduate and undergraduate interns. 
 In addition to performance analysis and profiling on HPC platforms, knowledge of the latest advancements in common HPC parallel programming models such as OpenMP, MPI, CUDA, etc. are very relevant. Experience in developing parallel ML/AI workloads will be preferred. 
 Proficiency in parallel computing concepts, basic CS algorithms, HPC hardware architecture for performance optimization, , fundamentals of Graph Analytics and Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence, experience in GPGPU programming (such as OpenMP offload/CUDA/HIP/OpenCL). 
 Proactive, highly motivated self-starter with demonstrated experience with contributing and leading tasks on projects with multi-disciplinary teams. 
 Proficiency in performance profiling/analysis/modeling of codes developed using HPC programming models and runtimes. 
 Demonstrated ability to develop approaches and solutions to complex problems in the forms of proposals, software, documents or other work products. 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Candidates must have received a PhD within the past five years (60 months) or within the next 8 months from an accredited college or university. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or related field. 
 Peer-reviewed publication record in Data Sciences, Machine Learning or a closely related area. 
 . 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. 
 If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via https://jobs.pnnl.gov/help.stm
 Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from having any affiliation with the foreign government of a country DOE has identified as a “country of risk” without explicit approval by DOE and Battelle. If you are offered a position at PNNL and currently have any affiliation with the government of one of these countries you will be required to disclose this information and recuse yourself of that affiliation or receive approval from DOE and Battelle prior to your first day of employment. 
 Directorate: Physical & Computational Sci's 
 Job Category: Post-Graduates and Post-Docs 
 Group: Data Sci & Machine Intelligenc 
 Opening Date: 2021-05-28 
 Closing Date: 2021-06-26 Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Richland, WA Jobs at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, WA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Richland, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
