
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate/Full Professor - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate/Full Professor Northeastern University 616 reviews Boston, MA Northeastern University 616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  504080 
 Position Type:  Faculty Full-time (Tenure/Tenure Track) 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  College of Social Sciences and Humanities, School of Law 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
Northeastern University School of Law is seeking candidates for a full-time tenured or tenure-track faculty position within the law school, with a secondary appointment in the Northeastern University College of Social Sciences and Humanities. The ideal candidate would have a scholarly focus on the privacy and other legal implications of artificial intelligence and other technologies that rely on algorithms, machine learning, and/or human-computer interaction, as well as a perspective informed by one or more fields of the social sciences or humanities. 
 
The School of Law has long been a national leader in experiential legal education, with a deep commitment to law in service of the public interest and to engaged scholarship and interdisciplinary collaboration. In making faculty appointments, the School of Law seeks to enhance its innovative curriculum, which combines experiential learning with rigorous analytical training and interdisciplinarity. 
 
The College of Social Sciences and Humanities is a leader in the Experiential Liberal Arts with commitment to the analysis of hierarchies, intersectionality, and race, racism and social justice through all our work. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Applicants must hold a terminal degree in a field related to law, policy or technology (e.g. JD, LLB or PhD or a comparable foreign equivalent) from an accredited institution by the appointment start date and must have demonstrated an understanding of technology and its implications for law and policy. Applicants must have demonstrated potential for outstanding teaching and scholarly achievement. 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 FAC 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University has a strong tradition of diversity and accessibility. The search committee is especially interested in qualified candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the academic community through their research, teaching, and/or service. We encourage applications from racial and ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities and members of the LGBTQ community. We also encourage applicants to share how their background and experience will contribute to the Northeastern community. 
 
If you have questions, please contact faculty appointments administrator, Stephen Evans, at s.evans@northeastern.edu, or committee chair, Rashmi Dyal-Chand, at r.dyal-chand@northeastern.edu. 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  05 Nov 2020 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Associate Professor salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 616 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
