
 
 
 
 Model Risk Quant Analytics Manager (Remote) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Model Risk Quant Analytics Manager (Remote) KeyBank Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Location:
 127 Public Square - Cleveland, Ohio 44114
 ABOUT THE JOB (JOB BRIEF)
 Serves as a senior, experienced technical expert to conduct independent validations of KeyBank’s high impact models (e.g. Fraud, Authentication, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Loss Forecasting, Compliance, etc.) in compliance with regulatory and KeyBank’s model validation policies and guidelines. The role will have a focus on the application areas of Fraud Detection, Anomaly Detection, and Identity Authentication, but will also allow exposure to other application areas in credit risk decisioning, marketing, and others. The role necessitates a requisite background on fraud/authentication typology and risks coupled with the appropriate technical skill set for advanced analytics and machine learning. The person in this role will be viewed as a subject matter expert in the fraud and authentication area with the ability to carry out activities with a highly specialized technical skill set in advanced analytics, machine learning and modeling. The position will be responsible for direct and indirect project leadership, and mentoring others on best practices for machine learning and advanced analytics within the team.
 ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
 Act as a member of the validation team to complete in-depth technical validations and reviews of models in the fraud, identity authentication, anomaly detection, amongst other functional areas.
 Leverage relevant industry expertise on fraud/authentication typologies and risks to evaluate model suitability for use and leveraging best practices for model use.
 Employ and assess advanced analytics and machine learning approaches for design sutiability, appropriate performance, and necessary diagnostics (e.g. optimization, hyperparameter tuning, interpretability, etc.)
 Review and challenge the conceptual framework, assumptions, limitations, technical soundness, fitness-for-use, and monitoring of KeyBank’s high impact models.
 Verify the correct model implementation through review and understanding of version control software.
 Oversee critical projects on high impact models, plan and organize project scope, liaison with stakeholders, and evangelize on best practices.
 Mentor junior model validators within the team on best practices.
 Verify the model has been properly documented, and produce documentation of the validation testing and results robustly for internal and external communications.
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
 PhD/Master’s in computer science, mathematics, data science, statistics, applied mathematics, finance, economics, or other related field
 3+ years of model development or model validation experience in high impact models within financial crimes and fraud applications (e.g. Fraud, Identity Authentication, Anomaly Detection, , etc.)
 7+ years of model development or model validation experience preferred (relevant academic experience can be considered)
 Strong working knowledge of Python, R, Matlab or other programming languages for computational/statistical learning
 Advanced knowledge of data science, machine learning, statistics, mathematics and artificial intelligence theory and applications
 Preferred experience with productionizing machine learning development, monitoring and implementation in cloud technologies (e.g AWS, GCP, Azure, or others)
 Preferred experience with modern data pipelining practices and tools (e.g. Data Proc, BigQuery, Spark/PySpark, and others)
 Excellent written and oral communication skills
 Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office
 Ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously to meet strict deadlines
 Mentoring experience of junior staff experience
 Effective working both independently and as a team-member
 Location is open to remote work
 COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
 This position is eligible to earn a base salary in the range of $81,000 to $189,900 annually depending on job-related factors such as level of experience. Compensation for this role also includes eligibility for short-term incentive compensation and deferred incentive compensation subject to individual and company performance. Please click here for a list of benefits for which this position is eligible.
 KeyCorp is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer committed to building a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture . All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability , veteran status or other protected category. 
 Qualified individuals with disabilities or disabled veterans who are unable or limited in their ability to apply on this site may request reasonable accommodations by emailing HR_Compliance@keybank.com . KeyBank 30+ days ago original job Report job Financial Modeler jobs in Remote Jobs at KeyBank in Remote Financial Modeler salaries in Remote Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
