
 
 
 
 Clinical Informaticist, Healthcare Data - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Clinical Informaticist, Healthcare Data Curai Palo Alto, CA Curai’s mission is to provide the world's best healthcare for every human being. This is an audacious mission, and we’re fulfilling it by building a virtual healthcare product, Curai Health, that people can use to become and stay healthy. Curai Health provides high quality virtual primary care with minimal barriers related to access, cost, & convenience. 
AI is at the core of our strategy: Curai Health blends the best in high-touch clinical care, the smartest artificial intelligence and the most robust clinical data sources to create a scalable primary care model that gets smarter and more cost-efficient after every patient encounter. Curai Health’s AI sits alongside our care team, not only self-learning but also listening to providers, driving greater understanding of medical language, symptomatology and condition diagnosis. Curai Health’s learning healthcare system layers AI throughout the entire care experience and builds on the collective medical knowledge of the world's most renowned clinical data sources and state-of-the-art research. 
As a member of the Clinical Innovation team, you will help develop innovative solutions to challenges in delivering high quality, scalable, and virtual healthcare. You will also help build the foundations for data driven applications focused on automation, clinical decision support, and interoperability. 
Responsibilities: 
Ensure that our healthcare data pipeline is of high quality and enables internal and external data interoperability 
Manage our medical knowledge base of medical concepts and their clinical relationships 
Use your clinical informatics acumen to perform knowledge engineering of clinical logic 
Collaborate with clinical, product management, engineering, and automation teams in developing clinical technology solutions 
An ideal candidate has: 
Medical degree (MD or DO) 
Masters, PhD, or fellowship training in medical informatics or a related-field 
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in developing ontologies and medical terminologies 
Experience with standards for health information exchange, integration, sharing, and retrieval such as HL7/FHIR and CDA 
Informatics experience working with standard medical terminologies such as ICD10, SNOMED CT, RxNorm, LOINC, and UMLS 
Experience in EHR development, clinical decision support, or other components of a data-driven health information systems 
Demonstrated passion for innovation in clinical decision making and health care delivery 
Strong communication skills and ability to work with cross-functional teams 
Experience in projects related to natural language processing and machine learning 
Experience in software development and implementation 
We are headquartered in Palo Alto, CA, but are remote-first and have employees all over the country. Relocation is not expected. Employees receive a package of benefits that includes medical, dental and vision coverage, 401(k) matching, a remote work stipend, and parental leave. 
Our interview process typically consists of an initial call to meet your future manager and a technical phone call with a future teammate. This is followed by a series of conversations where you meet cross-functional partners and other teammates at the company. This gives us a chance to learn more about you, and you a chance to learn more about us, our mission, our product, company culture, and vision. We always try to tailor our interview process to your background and interests. 
We are highly committed to building a diverse and inclusive environment at Curai. In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. To promote an equitable and bias-free workplace, we do not negotiate compensation outside of our existing salary bands. In addition to base salary, employees receive equity as part of their total compensation package. We also adjust compensation based on location. Curai 30+ days ago original job Report job Clinical Informaticist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Curai in Palo Alto, CA Clinical Informaticist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
