
 
 
 
 Data Analyst: Pyspark and Snowflake - Federal Way, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Analyst: Pyspark and Snowflake Capgemini 8,253 reviews Federal Way, WA Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :3+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Have 5+ years of professional experience as a Data Analyst mining large scale data and transform data points to knowledge. 
Must be hands-on on data analysis tools and frameworks such as Hive, Spark SQL or Python to analyze any amount of data to both solve business requirements and feed in to engineering team to build data transformations. 
Familiar with technologies relevant to the data such as Hadoop, OLAP databases and visualization tools such as Tableau or Looker or similar 
Extensive big data analysis and come up with logic to build analytical dimensions and metrics using Hive, Spark QL or Scripting Languages such as Python 
Collects and documents requirements and processes 
Requirements : 
Document requirements and manages validation process 
Performing ad hoc analysis, interpreting and communicating results in a clear manner 
Work with engineering team to automate daily monitoring of models in production , help troubleshoot issues and make necessary improvements as needed. 
Processing, cleansing and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis 
Cleary communicate design & development strategies to all stake holders, educate them as and when needed. 
Establishes, supports and maintains standards of the analytics and data analytics process 
General understanding of databases (MySQL, SQL Server & Snowflake) 
General understanding of reporting solutions (Tableau, PowerBI, Looker, ?) 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Analyst jobs in Federal Way, WA Jobs at Capgemini in Federal Way, WA Data Analyst salaries in Federal Way, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
