
 
 
 
 Analyst - Lender Risk & Data Strategy - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Analyst - Lender Risk & Data Strategy Ocrolus New York, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the Ocrolus rocket ship! 
Ocrolus is a  fintech infrastructure company  that transforms documents into actionable data with over  99% accuracy . Designed to streamline document-driven workflows and automate high-stakes financial decisions, Ocrolus is trusted by leading fintechs like  SoFi, LendingClub, Cross River Bank, BlueVine, Enova, and Plaid,  to name a few. Powered by Artificial Intelligence and a unique human-in-the-loop data validation process, Ocrolus plugs directly into customer workflows via API, eliminating the need for manual data work. Ocrolus has raised over $50 million in venture capital, backed by Oak HC/FT, FinTech Collective, Bullpen Capital, and QED Investors, among others. 
We pride ourselves on being a dynamic, diverse team, unified by shared values of  Ownership, Optimism, Objectivity, Humility, Urgency, and Appreciation . We love what we do and the people we do it with, which is why we invite our team to bring their full selves to work every day. 
You will be analyzing data on millions of customers across multiple asset classes to inform the development of analytical solutions that help financial services clients make high-quality decisions. Analyze internal and external data sources to build novel credit and fraud analytics and identify opportunities for clients. Work with machine learning, data science, and operations teams to gather unique data and integrate into Ocrolus data products.
 Responsibilities: 
Work with analytical metrics and insights available across small business, personal loans, mortgage, and auto 
Integrate and analyze external data sources and combine with Ocrolus data to produce novel insights 
Conduct retrospective and scenario-simulation exercises for clients to illustrate value of adopting Ocrolus analytics and models 
Work across multiple teams both within the company as well as with clients 
Build a Consistent pipeline of new data sources for evaluation and integration 
 Requirements: 
3+ years experience in analytical roles, preferably in or around financial services 
Strong experience in data-centric programming, particularly in Python and/or R 
Top-notch SQL skills, ability to work with relatively complex relational data 
Experience in integrating and transforming data from multiple sources 
Ability to examine raw data and assemble a clear and compelling narrative 
Excellent communication skills, both spoken and written. Skilled in communicating complex information to non-technical audiences. 
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously 
Strong attention to detail while keeping big-picture goals in place and making progress against objectives 
Intense curiosity about data, business problems, and everything in between. Able to deeply understand a problem and combine creative thinking and technical skill to solve it. 
 Our employees are incredible individuals - that’s the only kind we hire - and we’re committed to their well-being and supporting their efforts to become the best they can be, both at work and in life. This includes offering flexible working hours, unlimited PTO, Summer Fridays, an inclusive work environment (D&I Council), and wellness reimbursement for physical and mental well-being. 
We’re growing rapidly and were recently named # 1 Fastest-Growing Fintech Company on the Inc. 5000,  and  #1 Fastest-Growing Software Company in NY  in Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500. If you have ever wanted to jump on a rocket ship as it’s taking off, now is your chance! 
Ocrolus is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Ocrolus 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Risk Analyst jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Ocrolus in New York, NY Risk Analyst salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ocrolus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
