
 
 
 
 Business Analyst L3 - Chattanooga, TN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Analyst L3 Capgemini 8,253 reviews Chattanooga, TN Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
5+ years of Maximo experience, ability to lead and coach team in technical aspects of Maximo. Strong communication and troubleshooting skills. 
Ability to identify and implement improvements and the automation of repetitive tasks. 
The Maximo Team Lead will lead and coach a small team of Maximo experts supporting, customizing, and improving Maximo. This person will help improve efficiency, security, and the overall infrastructure design, and streamline TVA support processes in relation to Maximo.
 The primary responsibilities for this role will be to the lead and provide technical guidance to a small team that: 
Requirements : 
Addresses and resolves support incidents. 
Creates database scripts in Oracle 12 
Deploys TVA customizations into the Maximo environment 
Identifies and tests IBM releases or fix packs 
Automates repetitive tasks as much as possible 
Improves documentation and organizes the repository for easy acces 
Review TVAs overall system design and make recommendations for improvement 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Analyst jobs in Chattanooga, TN Jobs at Capgemini in Chattanooga, TN Business Analyst salaries in Chattanooga, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
