
 
 
 
 Data Scientist, AI / NLP - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist, AI / NLP Happify Health Remote Remote About Happify Health 
 
Happify Health is a global software-enabled healthcare platform focused on improving mental and physical health. Our platform utilizes an evidence-based approach that delivers scientifically-validated programs which positively impact behavior to help manage chronic conditions alongside providing access to solutions such as telehealth, AI-powered coaching and access to therapeutics, as required, to improve peoples’ everyday lives. Happify Health offers two core solutions for its customers and end-users; Digital Therapeutics and Care Delivery solutions and services across the healthcare ecosystem, including enterprises, health plans, health systems, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and individuals. Today, the Happify Health platform is available globally in 10 languages, supports more than 10 chronic conditions, and covers more than 20 million lives. 
 About the Role 
 
Happify Health’s Artificial Intelligence (AI) team utilizes natural language processing (NLP) and deep learning algorithms to develop the next generation of conversational agents in clinical applications. This role will join a nimble team of computer scientists and clinical psychologists, and will report directly to the Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Use deep learning, machine learning, natural language processing, word embeddings, and statistical pattern recognition to develop algorithms for psychological, semantic, and emotional analysis of conversational input (text and voice). 
 Assist in training and optimization a large number of natural language classifiers. 
 Suggest and implement creative modeling and optimization solutions to address issues reported by users. 
 Support the development of dialogue content authoring and testing systems.
 Qualifications 
 
 Strong educational background in data science, computer science, or equivalent, including hands-on data science projects and coursework in deep learning, machine learning, natural language processing, and statistical pattern recognition. 
 Relevant industry experience in natural language processing and deep learning. 
 Proficiency in building algorithms using Python environments, including TensorFlow, PyTorch, Theano, Keras, SciKit Learn. 
 Experience working with transformer models, sequence models, and natural language classifiers. 
 Experience developing algorithms under computational constraints, including memory and computation optimization. 
 Strong coding skills in live product environments, going through full product life-cycle. 
 Knowledge of dialog management algorithms (including reinforcement learning and inverse reinforcement learning) is preferred. 
 Passion for psychology and/or mental health is strongly preferred. 
 
 Happify values candidates with different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We do not discriminate based upon ethnicity, age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, socioeconomic status, disability, or veteran status. We're committed to building a company that is an inclusive environment for all. 
 
There have been cases of scams targeting candidates by individuals pretending to work at Happify. We will never ask you to share financial information to participate in our recruiting process. If you suspect that you've been contacted by a scammer, please consider filing a report with law enforcement. If you'd like to verify an email you received from Happify, please write us at verify@happify.com. Happify 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Happify Health in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Happify Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
