
 
 
 
 Director Voice Services - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Voice Services NICE CXone 53 reviews Remote Remote NICE CXone 53 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Director Voice Services 
 Location: Remote 
The Director of Voice Services leads a team that is fundamental to the production and delivery of Voice services at NICE inContact. In this position, the Director is expected to oversee daily operational activities and technical resources that guarantee service levels of a global voice service network hosted by NICE inContact. This leader is responsible for key processes and personnel in the product development and deployment lifecycle. Personnel include telecom provisioning and voice service teams. 
 
 Major Functions/Responsibility 
 
The Director is collaborative leader and coach that works with and through others throughout the organization. This person aligns people and processes with the overall business goals of the company. 
Manage and provide technical and project leadership regarding networks, systems expansion, upgrades and validation of voice equipment. 
Manage and expand a 24x7 global team 
Provide insight into technical designs to ensure solutions developed are consistent with strategic business plans. 
Provide leadership to individuals on team(s) through coaching, feedback, development goals and performance management. 
Prioritize, assign and manage department activities and projects. 
Provide leadership, guidance and mentoring to technical support team individuals. Assess performance, maximize productivity and promote teamwork. 
Develop training programs and provide growth paths. Foster positive employee relations. 
Effectively communicate with other departments to determine the network system requirements, develop a plan and effectively execute the plan of the technical support projects. 
Follow the company code of ethics and NICE inContact policies and procedures at all times. Communicate in an effective and professional way with both internal and external customers. 
Required Education, Experience, and Specific Job Related Skills 
 
 Education Requirement: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer science or related field or equivalent work experience required. 
Experience Requirement: 
 
5+ years experience as a Manager of highly technical teams working in a fast paced environment. 
12+ years data networks and telephony systems experience. 
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment. 
Excellent verbal and written skills. 
Ability to meet and set short term and long-term objectives for self and assigned team. 
Ability to adapt to changing conditions and plans with well-reasoned decision and minimal supervision. 
Advanced computer literacy skills.
 Experience Preferred: 
 
Excellent verbal and written skills 
Experience in a carrier grade telco environment 
Ability to adapt to changing conditions and plans with well-reasoned decision and minimal supervision. 
High degree of computer literacy 
ABOUT NICE inContact:  NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on-premises enterprise software solutions. Nice 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Remote Jobs at NICE CXone in Remote Director salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NICE CXone 53 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
