
 
 
 
 Abbott System Engineer - Anaheim, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Abbott System Engineer Capgemini 8,253 reviews Anaheim, CA Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Investigates and defines clinical, functional, and technical requirements for new algorithms. 
Gathers and analyzes input requirements for medical devices, supporting instrumentation/service infrastructure, and translates these into specific system requirements/interface specifications. 
Participates in a broad cross-functional review of work output. 
Strong experience in System-level testing 
Experience on hardware experience, especially electromechanical devices is a plus 
Required Medical Device Standards experience. 
Contributes to the evaluation and validation of a specific system or project before submission 
Interacts with functional groups as necessary to conduct feasibility studies, technology assessments, concept studies, or benchmarking studies. 
Identifies and resolves issues, escalating as appropriate 
Demonstrated experience in System software testing using DOORS. 
Experience on Cardiac Management device testing is a plus. 
Support all Company initiatives as identified by management and in support of Quality Management Systems (QMS), and other regulatory requirements. 
Complies with U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations, regulatory requirements, operating procedures, processes, and task assignments. 
Maintains positive and cooperative communications and collaboration with all levels of employees, customers, and vendors required. 
System Testing Plan Creation 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Anaheim, CA Jobs at Capgemini in Anaheim, CA System Engineer salaries in Anaheim, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
