
 
 
 
 Head of Innovation - Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Innovation Celebrity Financial Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181 Celebrity Financial is the ambitiously expanding parent company of multiple businesses across the mortgage, banking, and fintech industries. We are led by a mission to educate and enable financial literacy for all, and driven to improve ourselves, our communities, and our industry. To serve that mission, we are building innovative new companies and financial technologies to break new ground in digital banking, customer centric mortgage delivery, personalized counseling, and financial education. Celebrity’s core business, driven by a proprietary model rooted in ‘Responsible Autonomy, is expected to double in size over the next 6-9 months. At the scale of $10 Billion in production, supported by 1200 Team Members, Celebrity will concurrently expand into correspondent lending and Digital Banking spaces. 
 
 Position Overview: 
The Head of Innovation will mobilize and lead the Celebrity Innovation Lab and successfully oversee a portfolio of innovation initiatives focused on testing and learning contemporary technologies with significant potential to drive revenue growth, achieve operational synergies, and/or delivery high quality client experiences. Some of the key technology areas of focus for the Innovation Lab include: Emerging Mortgage/Lending platforms, Emerging Financial Services Platforms (Banking, Insurance, Investments, Payments/Treasury, …), Client Digital Tools, Associate Digital Tools, Mobile/Wearables/Internet of Things (IoT), Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. 
The Head of Innovation will also be responsible for building relationships with key technology companies to help identify leapfrog opportunities to accelerate Celebrities delivery and adoption of new technology. The right candidate for this role has a strong product development and technology delivery background is energized by finding new and innovative ways to deliver technology and information. 
Things we are looking for in our Head of Innovation:
 Creative & Innovative Thinking - demonstrate ability to think creatively and solve challenging technical problems with innovative and cost-effective results. 
Experience Leading Through Growth/Change  -  someone who has experience building/growing/scaling a business (systems, data, infrastructure, application development, people leadership, ...). 
Contemporary Technology Leadership Experience  -  experience leading teams that have developed/supported technology capabilities in the following areas: 
Mortgage Platforms – Loan Origination Systems (LOS) and Point of Sale (POS) platforms. 
Financial Services Platforms – Core Processing Platforms (Banking, Insurance, Investments, …), Treasury/Payment Platforms, CRMs, Major Vended Platforms. 
Enterprise Platforms – core systems supporting multiple lines of business and integral to the overall operations of the company (e.g. HR, Finance, Marketing, Risk, Compliance, Intranet, CRM, …) 
Digital  –  client facing websites, mobile apps, APIs, cloud platforms like AWS or Pivotal Cloud Foundry 
Data – warehousing, operational data stores, analytics, APIs, artificial intelligence, business intelligence, robotics 
Core Enterprise Software Applications - desktop apps, distributed software, vended and in-house core processing platforms. 
Client Relationship Management (CRM) Platforms  -  SalesForce, Microsoft Dynamics, Other similar CRM platforms, 360 Client Views, 
Delivery Mindset - proven ability to deliver solutions of high quality, on-time, on-budget. 
Agile Development and Servant Leadership - proven ability to build engaged, highly effective agile teams. Focus on removing barriers so that technical team can be successful. 
Duties & Responsibilities: 
 
Team Buildout – Build an internal team and external partnerships which is well integrated into Celebrity’s culture and focused on delivering innovative solutions to complex business challenges to improve efficiency, increase profitability and lower operational risk. 
Innovation Portfolio Plan/Roadmap Creation – Build and oversee a comprehensive Innovation portfolio rolling 18-24-month roadmap and underlying key milestones and deliverables. 
Innovation Lab Portfolio Scorecard – Produce monthly/quarterly innovation portfolio scorecards and KPI’s across all major initiatives and opportunities. 
Innovation Lab Delivery Leadership – Create contemporary, differentiating client/associate experiences that align with client/associate preferences which are increasingly becoming more digitally, and data driven. 
Portfolio/Program management – Efficiently lead agile teams and programs or projects that deliver high quality data/digital solutions on time and within budget requirements. 
Experience building and running an innovation lab or similar type of innovation function/group. 
Qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree required, advance degree a plus. 
10+ years of experience building and leading product and/or technology teams in large, complex organizations. 
10+ years financial services industry experience. Mortgage/Banking/Insurance industry experience is a plus. 
Detailed understanding of common financial services technologies including financial services core processing platforms, mortgage platforms, HR platforms, Finance platforms, Marketing platforms, Risk/Compliance platforms, product support platforms, quality assurance automation platforms, core processing platforms, data platforms/solutions, analytic tools/platforms, client digital delivery platforms, private/public cloud PaaS, micro services, and APIs. 
Proven ability to interact effectively with all levels of technology professionals and business stakeholders and build strong ongoing working relationships. 
Strong experience working within highly regulated industry environments and able to understand and react to the increased scrutiny the financial services industry faces related to the safeguards of data and confidential information. 
Strong problem-solving skills and innovative mindset with proven ability to drive creative solutions to complex challenges. 
Celebrity Home Loans is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, and protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Celebrity Home Loans NMLS # 227765 
One Mid America Plaza, Suite 800, Oakbrook Terrace, IL 60181 Celebrity Home Loans, LLC 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Celebrity Financial in Oakbrook Terrace, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
