
 
 
 
 Sr. Analyst Healthcare Fraud Waste & Abuse - Maryland - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Sr. Analyst Healthcare Fraud Waste & Abuse Mitre Corporation Maryland Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE is a trusted operator of federally funded research and development centers and we're on a mission to make the world a safer place-for all of humanity, today and in the future. To deliver on our mission, we need the world’s best talent and leaders-groundbreakers and partnership-builders on a global scale in areas like healthcare, artificial intelligence, critical infrastructure resiliency, pandemic management, and cybersecurity.
 In return, we have the privilege of backing you with thousands of technical experts in diverse fields, a culture of innovation and knowledge sharing, access to data and resources uniquely available to MITRE through our wide-ranging partnerships across government, industry and academia.
 We are looking for leaders!
 MITRE is seeking Project Leaders and Domain Specialists to support the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS), Center for Program Integrity (CPI) program. CPI’s mission is to protect the Medicare and Medicaid programs from fraud, waste, and abuse (FWA)
 Required Skills:
 Working knowledge of and or experience with the HHS-Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) as well as CMS’ Center for Program Integrity and other related Centers within CMS
 Deep knowledge of the Medicare and Medicaid payer systems and payment models, as well as experience with their payment partners (MCOs)
 Experience with or leading Healthcare Fraud Investigative teams comprised of data analysts, medical reviewers, medical coders and FWA investigators.
 Understanding in Fraud, Waste and Abuse detection, investigation and medical review for Medicare, Medicaid, and Commercial health insurance programs.
 Experience with investigative specialties including pricing and fee schedules, ICD-9/ICD-10, HCPCS and CPT coding, medical terminology, medical and payment policy, Medicare compliance, auditing and quality control, overpayment recovery, HIPAA regulations, and healthcare regulatory requirements.
 Experience with industry-leading Medicare FWA, data analysis and case management tools.
 Investigative experience comprised of medical review, site inspections, and provider interviews
 Develops and executes cross-agency improper payment, fraud, and risk use cases.
 Strong interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills.
 Proven track record for supporting Program Integrity projects / programs.
 Good understanding of or ability to grasp the wider objectives of the program and develop strategic solutions to meet objectives.
 The ability to find innovative ways to resolve problems. Innovative problem solver
 Minimum BS or BA degree in applicable healthcare, science or similar fields; MS degrees Preferred.
 Preferred:
 For Project Leaders: Good knowledge and handling of project and program management methodology and techniques including:
 Planning and integration
 Managing scope, schedule, and costs/budgets
 Resource allocation procedures and management
 Quality Management, including addressing the results of sponsor surveys
 Human Resources identification and management
 Identifying and managing risks and issues
 Subcontracting and procurement
 Experience with:
 Medical billing and coding
 Medicare and Medicaid compliance
 Medicare and Medicaid policy and regulation
 Healthcare Administration or a related field
 Certified Medical Coder (CPC)
 Certified as Accredited Heathcare Fraud Investigator (AHFI)
 Experience working in/with the Federal environment is strongly preferred
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 Suitability - HHS
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Senior Fraud Analyst jobs in Maryland Jobs at Mitre Corporation in Maryland Senior Fraud Analyst salaries in Maryland Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
