
 
 
 
 Quantum Computational Scientist - Algorithm Application Engineer - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Quantum Computational Scientist - Algorithm Application Engineer IBM Austin, TX 73301 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
Quantum computers are incredibly powerful machines that take a new approach to processing information. Built on the principles of quantum mechanics, they exploit complex and fascinating laws of nature that are always there, but usually remain hidden from view. By harnessing such natural behavior, quantum computers can run new types of algorithms to process information more holistically. They may one day lead to revolutionary breakthroughs in materials and drug discovery, the optimization of complex man-made systems, and artificial intelligence. We expect them to open doors that we once thought would remain locked indefinitely. 
 
As a Quantum Computational Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
 
IBM Services is looking for a  Quantum Computational Scientist  who will interface with research and algorithm experts to implement quantum approaches, which includes data pre/post-processing, running numerics and visualizing data. Working with quantum industry experts, you will be a key member of a multi-discipline squad focused on building quantum capabilities and researching quantum application development for clients within Financial Services sector industries including banking and financial markets, and insurance. 
 
Responsibilities include: 
Work with IBM Q Start team on active exploratory research engagements to prepare for future use case commercialization within specific industry. 
Interact with client data science teams to explore promising areas for quantum. 
Implement quantum approaches, which includes data pre-/post-processing, running numerics and visualizing data. 
Collaborate with industry and solution-ing experts to design and shape experiments to demonstrate quantum-enabled advantage. 
Contribute best practices related to information architecture, including collection, integration, organization, analysis, and visualization of data for quantum-enabled impact. 
Support practice development initiatives focused on building employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise through coaching and development of training course material. 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
PhD / Masters in STEM-related fields with knowledge in quantum computing. 
2+ years of data engineering and data science experience. 
1+ year of consulting experience within specific industries. 
Familiarity with classical approaches to machine learning and linear algebra, including Support Vector Machine (SVM) for linear categorization and Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) to reduce dimensionality of data. 
Familiar with Qiskit software, including Qiskit Aqua for domain applications and Qiskit Terra for quantum circuit design and optimization. 
Excellent ideation, facilitation, and communications skills. 
Detail-oriented team player with strong interpersonal skills and ability to take a leadership role when necessary. 
Fluency in English, both oral and written. 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
2+ years of experience in at least one of the industries, with knowledge of industry trends, R&D areas, and computationally intensive processes (e.g. optimization). 
Familiarity with Qiskit computing language. 
None 
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementFor additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application. 
 
IBM intends this job to be performed entirely outside of Colorado. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 30+ days ago original job Report job Algorithm Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Algorithm Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
