
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Information Intelligence - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Information Intelligence Apple 10,249 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,249 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Apr 29, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200242811 
Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? The Siri Search & Knowledge teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence. The features we build are redefining how hundreds of millions of people use their computers and mobile devices to search and find what they are looking for. Siri’s universal search engine powers search features across a variety of Apple products, including Siri, Spotlight, Safari, Messages and Lookup. As part of this group, you will work with one of the most exciting high performance computing environments, with petabytes of data, millions of queries per second, and have an opportunity to imagine and build products that delight our customers every single day. 
Key Qualifications 
5+ years of industry experience with large scale distributed systems 
Strong coding skills in Go, Java and/or Scala with experience in gRPC and Protocol Buffers. 
Strong background in computer science: algorithms and data structures. 
Experience designing and implementing architecture of large scale systems serving high traffic at low latency. 
Experience with AWS Services such as Amazon S3, EC2, EKS / Kubernetes and Key-Value Store systems. 
Excellent interpersonal skills; able to work independently as well as in a team. 
Description 
We design and build infrastructures to support features that empowers billions of Siri users. Our team processes trillions of links to find the best content to surface to users through search. We also analyze pages to extract critical features for indexing, ranking. We apply statistical analysis to improve link selection, freshness, retrieval rates, extraction quality, and many others. You’ll have the opportunity to work with large scale systems with trillions of rows and many petabytes of data and incredible complexity. 
Education & Experience 
MS or Ph.D in Computer Science, Machine Learning or related field Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,249 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
