
 
 
 
 Staff Scientist, Human Genetics - Seattle, WA 98109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Staff Scientist, Human Genetics Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center Seattle, WA 98109 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Cures Start Here.  At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network.  Careers Start Here. 
At Fred Hutch, we believe that the innovation, collaboration, and rigor that result from diversity and inclusion are critical to our mission of eliminating cancer and related diseases. We seek employees who bring different and innovative ways of seeing the world and solving problems. Fred Hutch is in pursuit of becoming an antiracist organization. We are committed to ensuring that all candidates hired share our commitment to diversity, antiracism, and inclusion. 
 
 
The Geraghty Lab seeks an exceptionally skilled, experienced molecular biologist to join their team. A summary of Dr. Geraghty's research can be found here. 
Responsibilities:
 
The  Staff Scientist  will work in a research laboratory that performs state of the art genotyping for disease association studies. The laboratory collaborates with local and international labs to carry out anthropological, clinical, and basic disease studies that are aimed at a better understanding and development of data and tools for diagnosis and treatment of a variety of human diseases. 
A core goal is to facilitate the use of immune genetic data both as a predictive tool in anticipating clinical outcomes ( diagnosis ) and as knowledge and information relevant to the biological processes causal of those outcomes ( therapeutics .) Precisely such application has long been active in support of hematopoietic cell transplants (HCTs) and plans are to expand and extend use to infectious disease, autoimmunity, and cancer. This work includes two fronts in expanding the genetic testing capacities of our genotyping systems and developing new analytic capabilities for data application. Novel typing systems focusing on heretofore untested immune response variation are being developed by building on the core systems supporting HLA. For novel analytics, study cohorts have been assembled to apply machine learning/artificial intelligence tools to identify patterns of immune genetic variation predictive of clinical outcomes in HCTs (for replication with and extension with new methods and added data) and for COVID-19 as a model of infectious disease. 
Qualifications:
 
A PhD in a biological science or related with an understanding of the fundamentals of molecular genetics is required. Familiarity with the genetics of the immune response would be a significant advantage – in particular with the HLA system. To be successful in this position, one must have the ability to communicate effectively with coworkers, working together in executing tasks that engage multiple complementary activities in parallel. In addition to benchwork, these activities include data analysis and effective interaction with the laboratory’s software and data analysis group. The ability and willingness to take initiative in problem solving and suggestions for workflow improvements will be a key to advancement and associated benefits. 
A  statement  describing your commitment and contributions toward greater diversity, equity, inclusion, and anti-racism in your career or that will be made through your work at Fred Hutch is requested of all finalists. 
Our Commitment to Diversity: We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) Employer. We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability (physical or mental), marital or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at hrops@fredhutch.org or by calling  206-667-4700 . Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 30+ days ago original job Report job Staff Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Staff Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
