
 
 
 
 Senior Manager, Imaging Systems - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager, Imaging Systems NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA leads the world in artificial intelligence, autonomous machines, and deep learning. We deliver real-time AI to cars, robots, and medical devices through vertically integrated products like our DRIVE AV self-driving car software and through platforms like DRIVE OS that support broader ecosystems.. As NVIDIA's Imaging Software team, we provide the eyes that these intelligent systems use to perceive and change the world.
 We are looking for a Senior Manager with broad technical expertise in image processing, production software, camera systems, and image quality to build our overall imaging roadmap, grow our partner ecosystem, and deliver world-class images for human and machine vision across a wide variety of application domains.
 What you'll be doing:
 Leading our image quality tuning, tools, and ISP control teams to support the needs of both NVIDIA vertical product teams and of our broader DRIVE and Jetson platforms.
 Defining and driving NVIDIA's image quality strategy and roadmap.
 Partnering with sensor vendors, tier-1s, and scaling partners to ensure a wide range of camera options and excellent support to NVIDIA end customers.
 Presenting the team vision to senior NVIDIA and external leaders.
 Investigating new applications for edge compute, understanding image processing requirements, and crafting domain-specific solutions. This includes guiding the creation of new image quality metrics, evaluation procedures, and inventing novel image processing systems and methods.
 What we need to see:
 Masters in CS/ECE/EE, imaging science, optics, or similar fields or equivalent experience.
 8+ overall years of relevant experience including 5+ years of management or senior technical leadership experience.
 Proven track record of taking a variety of products incorporating cameras to market. Have you built robots, self-driving cars, VR headsets, cell phones, surveillance cameras, assembly line inspection stations, drones, endoscopes? We would love to hear more about the unusual imaging challenges you faced and how you overcame them to deliver outstanding results.
 Broad grounding in image quality fundamentals and theory, including optics, image sensors, camera systems, lighting, and display technologies
 Pragmatism and wisdom to navigate software development lifecycle, product release schedules, and customer desires.
 Hands-on technical leadership to model and nurture a professional engineering culture motivated by first-principles analysis, integrity, and pride in craftsmanship.
 Excellent communication, presentation, and analytical skills to explain imaging system challenges, solutions, and tradeoffs clearly and simply to non-experts.
 Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills, and especially the ability to influence within a dynamic and highly matrixed organization
 Love for all things imaging!
 Ways to Stand Out from the Crowd:
 Innovative leadership, resulting in first-of-kind products, patents, process improvements, business efficiency, and publications.
 Deep insight into problem solving with customers, marketing, and business teams.
 Computer vision or deep learning experience
 Knowledge of automotive, robotic, medical, or defense standards for image quality and safety. Bonus points for participation in standards bodies.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Imaging Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Imaging Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
