
 
 
 
 VP of People - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP of People Litify New York, NY Litify is looking for an experienced VP of People to lead our People Operations team. This role is expected to be hands-on and balance the strategic with the tactical while overseeing the full range of HR including: HR Operations, L&D, Experience across the employee lifecycle, Employee Relations and acting as a partner to our Talent Acquisition team.
 
The ideal candidate will possess strong interpersonal skills, empathy for others, and thrive at building solid relationships based on trust. This role functions as a Human Resources expert and a key business partner.
 
 You will: 
Collaborate with cross-functional team to update company policies and procedures, communicating and enforcing organization values in compliance with all legal and organizational requirements, standards and procedures
 
Assists in the oversight of HRIS, continuously identifying and implementing new processes, technologies, and workflows that will help us grow and maintain an excellent experience for our team
 
Ensure ongoing compliance of all legal and organizational requirements, standards, and procedures and advise leadership on the team
 
Review, track and strategically enhance employee benefits in order to support a growing and diverse employee population
 
Oversee Open Enrollment and relationship with benefits vendors
 
Lead a compensation and promotion calibration across all functions of Litify
 
Write, deliver, and facilitate internal communications to help with change management and consistent messaging across the organization
 
Keep your finger on the pulse of the organization, supporting employees through hardship, and influencing managers to enact changes that preserve what's unique about our culture while helping us evolve to support the needs of our people
 
Why Litify?
 
Litify is led by an experienced executive team, including one of the world's most influential and successful lawyers, well-known VC's, and software visionaries. Litify will transform law firms into high performing businesses and will radically improve how legal services are delivered - connecting the firm and the client with newer more efficient apps. Litify will use artificial intelligence to predict the outcome of legal matters, changing the economy of law. Litify.com will become a household consumer name for getting legal assistance and make legal advice dramatically more accessible to the people.
 
Litify is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Litify 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Vice President of Human Resources jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Litify in New York, NY Vice President of Human Resources salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Litify Litify’s mission is to transform the legal industry through the use of trusted, intelligent, user friendly software. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
