
 
 
 
 Manned Monitoring Center Operator - Irving, TX 75063 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manned Monitoring Center Operator Twenty20 Solutions Irving, TX 75063 Job details Salary $17 - $19 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Description: 
Twenty20™ Solutions is a global provider of automation and security technology, smart surveillance, and access control solutions for on and off-grid environments. Combining Artificial Intelligence with our cloud platform, we provide fixed and mobile solutions and actionable data for real-time decision making to protect our customer assets, people and operations. 
The Twenty20 Solutions automation platform enables visualization and intervention of equipment in highly remote environments. Through its Manned Monitoring Center (MMC), personnel remotely monitor Twenty20 security systems on customer locations to provide alert and event detection, assess developing and ongoing situations, and communicate time sensitive security information to customers. 
Twenty20 Solutions is currently reviewing applications for “MMC Operator” candidates to provide remote monitoring services on weeknight, overnight and weekend shifts at our Irving, Texas offices. This position is more than watching camera streams. Instead, it requires a focused, disciplined and committed individual managing event streams based on technology. Event analytics and Artificial Intelligence drive our platform’s ability to derive meaningful and actionable events that lead to effective monitoring for our customer’s assets. 
. Requirements: 
Job duties include, but are not limited to: 
Strictly follow Twenty20 Solutions MMC operating standards and procedures. 
Maintain a high level of situational awareness surrounding customer sites and developing activity. 
Analyze, assess and acknowledge system generated alerts and event notifications. 
Review live streaming video footage and location dashboards for suspicious or in-progress criminal activity. Activate breach deterrent protocols. 
Place necessary outgoing calls to alert customers, law enforcement, first responders and management of events occurring that require their attention/response. 
Prepare post-situational and additional reports/logs in a complete, factual and legible manner for onward delivery to customers. 
Submit maintenance and repair support tickets for tier 1, 2 & 3 support. 
Compensation: $17-$19 per hour 
Part Time Position Twenty20 Solutions 26 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Monitor jobs in Irving, TX Jobs at Solutions in Irving, TX Monitor salaries in Irving, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Twenty20 Solutions Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
