
 
 
 
 Magnet Theme Enrichment Instructor - Project STEAM - North Haven, CT 06473 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Magnet Theme Enrichment Instructor - Project STEAM Area Cooperative Educational Services 13 reviews North Haven, CT 06473 Area Cooperative Educational Services 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Wintergreen Interdistrict Magnet School, a K-8 school, is seeking a part-time Project STEAM Magnet Theme Enrichment Instructor. This instructor will work 120 days from 9:20 - 11:20 am , on a rotating basis , with students in grades 6-8. Experience required.
 Wintergreen Interdistrict Magnet School is rich in innovation, inquiry and the arts. This school serves approximately 630 students from Hamden, New Haven, Wallingford, Meriden and Waterbury. 
External Candidates please apply online at  www.aces.org . Internal candidates should apply via the " Careers at ACES " link on  Interfaces . 
EEO/AAE 
The successful candidates must care deeply for children, have good classroom management and interpersonal skills. Professional experience in virtual design is required. Experience should include Computer Science exploration in Scratch, Artificial Intelligence, Block-based to text-based programming in Python. Candidate must commit to 10 hours of virtual training and a minimum of a 3 year commitment to this project. Area Cooperative Educational Services 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Instructor jobs in North Haven, CT Jobs at Area Cooperative Educational Services in North Haven, CT Instructor salaries in North Haven, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Area Cooperative Educational Services 13 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
