
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Researcher - Core Engineering - Salt Lake City, UT 84101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Machine Learning Researcher - Core Engineering Goldman Sachs Salt Lake City, UT 84101 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:
 
YOUR IMPACT 
The financial industry thrives on data driven decision making. You will be joining the team that builds and operates foundational platform, used by the rest of Goldman Sachs to apply data science and machine learning to the daily operations of the firm. We take the best components from open source and major cloud providers and adapt and expand them to accommodate unique needs of the firm. The resulting systems are not only part and parcel of the daily life of hundreds of Goldman Sachs data scientists, but also play critical role in the experience of thousands of Goldman Sachs clients. 
OUR IMPACT 
At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets. Engineering is at the critical center of our businesses. Our dynamic environment requires strategic thinking that is innovative and produces smart solutions. 
The Goldman Sachs Data Science and Machine Learning Platform team provides high-impact solutions for our data scientists responsible for solving problems of significant business value across multiple divisions of the firm. We build scalable and resilient systems using predictive modeling, natural language processing, anomaly detection, time series forecasting, deep learning, and other techniques on high-volume and high-velocity data. 
RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS:
 
HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL 
A true greenfield opportunity, you will join the team as we embark on creating new, scalable and resilient data science tools for a complex industry. You will collaborate with data scientists and business leaders to understand challenges facing the firm and its clients. Your design and development work will contribute to a world-class client experience and optimize business performance. 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 
Phd in a quantitative discipline, preferably machine learning and 2+ years of industry experience or 5+ years of industry experience in systems using machine learning and other artificial intelligence techniques 
Knowledge and passion for finance and financial services preferred 
Working knowledge of more than one programming language (Python, R, Java, C++ etc.) 
Experience working closely with data scientists and appreciation for their unique workflow from experimentation to production 
Excellent interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal 
Ability to stay commercially focused and to always push for quantifiable commercial impact 
Ability to collaborate effectively across global teams and communicate complex ideas in a simple manner 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS:
 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS 
At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.
 
 
We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.
 
 
We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html 
© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved. 
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Goldman Sachs 30+ days ago original job Report job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Jobs at Goldman Sachs in Salt Lake City, UT Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
