
 
 
 
 Computational Science Postdoc Fellow - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Computational Science Postdoc Fellow Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory San Francisco Bay Area, CA The Advanced Light Source Division at Berkeley Lab is seeking a Computational Science Postdoc Fellow to work on the development of a user-friendly platform for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning tools (AI/ML) to accelerate research, with an emphasis on imaging applications. 
 
The ALS is a U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science national scientific user facility whose excellent scientific reputation, expert staff, and capabilities in the soft x-ray, hard x-ray, and infrared regimes attract more than 2,000 academic and industrial users each year in disciplines spanning physical, chemical, materials, biological, energy, and Earth sciences. It is one of five Berkeley Lab user facilities that serve a combined 11,000 users annually. The co-location of these user facilities – including the Molecular Foundry Nanoscale Science Research Center and the NERSC scientific computing center, as well as Berkeley Lab's outstanding programs in materials and chemical sciences among others – offers a prime environment for collaborative science. The ALS has been a global leader in soft x-ray science for more than two decades and is currently undertaking a new project (ALS-U) that will endow the facility with state-of-the-art x-ray capabilities. It's an exciting time to join our growing team! 
 
The core values of the Advanced Light Source (ALS) reflect a strong commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We seek candidates who will support a culture in which the entire ALS community feels welcomed and valued. An ongoing commitment to recruiting a vibrant, diverse, and talented workforce is paramount to promoting a diverse lab community. 
 
 What You Will Do: 
 The postdoc will contribute to the conceptual design, development, and optimization of a platform for AI/ML-guided analysis of data available across various DOE user facilities, with an emphasis on images. 
 The postdoc will report to Dula Parkinson, Program Lead for Diffraction & Imaging at the ALS. 
 Work with others on the team to design, develop, and improve the ability of the AI/ML-guided analysis platform to handle multi-modal, multi-dimensional image data. 
 Develop AI/ML approaches for filtering, upsampling, and segmenting ALS image data. 
 Develop AI/ML approaches for transfer learning and evaluate the effectiveness of transfer learning. 
 Develop and evaluate methods for reverse image search. 
 Develop multi-modal AI/ML methods that enable data from multiple sources-including both image and non-image data-to be leveraged. 
 Develop user-friendly interfaces for enabling domain scientists who are not AI/ML experts to use the above tools, and work with domain scientists to deploy and evaluate the tools, including providing training and documentation. 
 
 What is Required: 
 Ph.D. degree in the Physical Sciences, Material Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science or a related discipline 
 Demonstrated record of scientific excellence (for example, through publications, talks, or software products). 
 Experience with scientific software development, and with the open-source scientific Python software stack 
 Experience working in a team environment and ability to work collaboratively with a diverse group of scientists and engineers, especially in a distributed environment 
 Some knowledge of AI and ML principles and practices 
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 Experience with neutron or X-ray techniques 
 Experience using or working with data from a synchrotron light source or another major user facility 
 Experience contributing to open-source software projects 
 Familiarity with widely-used AI/ML libraries such as scikit-learn, PyTorch, and TensorFlow 
 Experience with image processing or application of AI/ML to images, for example for filtering or segmentation; experience working with 3D image data is also desired 
 
 This position will remain open until filled. 
 
 Notes: 
 This is a full-time, 3-year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds, and ongoing operational needs. 
 You must have less than 2 years of paid postdoctoral experience. 
 Salary for Postdoctoral positions depends on years of experience post-degree. 
 Salary will be predetermined based on postdoctoral step rates. 
 This position is represented by a union for collective bargaining purposes. 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 Learn About Us: 
Working at Berkeley Lab has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab- Click Here. 
 Berkeley Lab (LBNL) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and other underrepresented groups presently considering scientific research careers. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Fellow jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Fellow salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
