
 
 
 
 IBM OPTIM Developer - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IBM OPTIM Developer Capgemini 8,253 reviews San Jose, CA Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Proven Project Management and Program Management experience 
With over 5 years of experience in designing and implement IBM Optim solution for data archiving and purging 
Knowledge of working on multiple databases Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server, No-SQL databases etc. 
Broad experience working on multiple source systems ERPs, databases, CRM etc. 
Engaging multiple application owners in understanding data model and data structure and design retention and purging solution 
Must possess good inter-personal and communication skills 
Understand the requirements for centralized archiving solution and for tool-based life cycle policy management 
Experience with implementing historical data archive, data retention policy in compliance with regulations such as PII, PCI, HIPAA, SOX etc 
Requirements : 
Elastic Search , Kibana, Data Studio , requirement Analysis, Reporting 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Capgemini in San Jose, CA Developer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
