
 
 
 
 Intelligence Analyst for C-sUAS - Washington, DC 20590 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Intelligence Analyst for C-sUAS Calhoun International, LLC Washington, DC 20590 Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description About Us: 
Calhoun International is a Professional Services company providing innovative solutions to our clients. Our expertise ranges from strategic intelligence analysis, expert instruction on intelligence analysis and sensors, cyberspace operations, information systems training, and knowledge management services among others. Calhoun International is located in Tampa, FL with employees in Florida, Virginia, Maryland, Washington, D.C. and overseas. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. 
Responsibilities: 
 
Research, analyze, evaluate, and execute studies, analyses, assessments, and technical reports, which may include the use of existing documents, databases, models, architectures and simulations. Deliverables produced shall be in a variety of formats in response to a wide range of requirements and delivery schedules. 
 
Subject Matter Expert or strong background on analysis of airborne threats including UAVs 
 
Possess extensive experience in preparing and presenting intelligence products to senior military and civilian leaders. 
 
In depth understanding of current and developmental regional weapons systems across the  air, land, sea, space, and cyberspace domains. 
 
 The ability to apply advanced analytical methodologies against difficult, seemingly complex, multi-stage intelligence problems . 
 Requirements: 
 
Working knowledge of OUSD (I), Joint, DIA and Army organization roles, missions and functions. 
 
Demonstrated ability to break down complex concepts, generate conclusions from disparate information, and succinctly relay key information to leadership. 
 
Demonstrated advanced organizational, multi-tasking, critical thinking, and collaborative skills. 
 
Excellent writing, briefing, and analytical skills is highly desired. 
 
High proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. 
 
Ability to thrive in fast-paced work environment with minimal supervision or direction. 
 
Ability to coordinate and work across HQDA staff sections and the IC 
 
Security Clearance: 
Must have active TS/SCI clearance.
 Bonus Points: 
 
Broad understanding of the global threat environment with emphasis on the “2+3” as identified in the U.S. National Defense Strategy, e.g., Russia, China, Iran, North Korea and Violent Extremist Organizations. 
 
Understanding of the Foreign Disclosure process and the release of intelligence to FVEY and coalition partners. 
 
Familiarity with regional efforts on “big data” analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine-learning. Calhoun International, LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Calhoun International in Washington, DC Intelligence Analyst salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
