
 
 
 
 Sr. Data Scientist - Parsippany, NJ 07054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Data Scientist Zoetis 312 reviews Parsippany, NJ 07054 Remote Zoetis 312 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description *Open to remote candidates*
 Position Summary:
 The Sr. Data Scientist will report to the Head of Enterprise Data Science within the Business Insights and Analytics (BI&A) team of the Digital, Data and Analytics (DDA) organization, and execute data science use cases in support of the digital and analytics strategy of Zoetis.
 Respo  nsibilities:
 Employ the full breadth of data science models, tools, and solutions to execute prioritized analytics use cases across the enterprise
 Collaborate with colleagues and external partner data scientists and analytics professionals to execute analytics use cases
 Present data science solutions to business and Zoetis Tech & Digital colleagues in a clear and understandable manner
 Follow data analytics quality and security standards for data science work
 Effectively document data science models, methods, and code. 
 
 Qualifications:
 
 Education and Education
 MS degree and 6+ years of experience or PhD degree and 3-5 years of experience; degree should be in Statistics, Predictive Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, Econometrics, Mathematics, Operations Research or closely related field
 Knowledge, Skills, Abilities
 Strong understanding and skills in advanced analytics and data science models and methodology, such as statistical analysis, algorithm development, artificial intelligence, machine learning, text mining, natural language processing, and optimization
 Strong understanding of and experience using data science tools and technology, such as R, Python, SQL, SAS, and cloud-based technology
 Understanding of basic data engineering concepts, data extraction, transformation, and loading
 Experience with source control and collaboration tools (e.g. Git and Github Enterprise)
 Strong teamwork skills
 Learning agility and fierce curiosity
 Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
 Strong problem-solving skills, managing complex cross functional deliverables
 Ability to prioritize across multiple projects and business needs
 Ability to understand complex business problems and translate them into data science solutions
 Deliver assignments within the established timeline and with high quality
 Travel Requirements:  Minimal (0-10%)
 Full time
 Regular
 Colleague
 Zoetis is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status or any other protected classification. Disabled individuals are given an equal opportunity to use our online application system. We offer reasonable accommodations as an alternative if requested by an individual with a disability. Please contact Zoetis Colleague Services at zoetiscolleagueservices@zoetis.com to request an accommodation. Zoetis also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act. All applicants must possess or obtain authorization to work in the US for Zoetis. Zoetis retains sole and exclusive discretion to pursue sponsorship for the acquisition or maintenance of nonimmigrant status and employment eligibility, considering factors such as availability of qualified US workers. Individuals requiring sponsorship must disclose this fact. Please note that Zoetis seeks information related to job applications from candidates for jobs in the U.S. solely via the following: (1) our company website at www.Zoetis.com/careers site, or (2) via email to/from addresses using only the Zoetis domain of “@zoetis.com”. In addition, Zoetis does not use Google Hangout for any recruitment related activities. Any solicitation or request for information related to job applications with Zoetis via any other means and/or utilizing email addresses with any other domain should be disregarded. In addition, Zoetis will never ask candidates to make any type of personal financial investment related to gaining employment with Zoetis. Zoetis 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Parsippany, NJ Jobs at Zoetis in Parsippany, NJ Senior Data Scientist salaries in Parsippany, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zoetis Zoetis 312 reviews Zoetis is a world leader in discovering, developing, manufacturing and marketing veterinary medicines and vaccines — as well as complemen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
