
 
 
 
 PCF Platform Engineer - Reading, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PCF Platform Engineer Capgemini 8,253 reviews Reading, PA Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration:  8+ months 
Mandatory Skills: 
Experience (3+ years) as a Platform Engineer with Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) - Install, upgrade, application onboarding, resolving application issues w.r.t. deployment on PCF foundation, troubleshooting, Backup and recovery, monitoring, alerting etc.) 
Experience (2+ years) with other IaaS and PaaS environments (any of the VMWare, AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform etc.) 
Good experience in Bosh, Concourse and Terraform are mandatory 
Very good experience in Linux/Unix systems (shell scripts, system activity reports, stats, familiarity with processes, dump and log analysis 
Essential Skills: 
Understanding of networking, VPC, CIDR, Security policies 
Development background (Any of the Java/Ruby/Python/Node/Go) 
Understanding of cloud application design principles (micro-services, 12-factor apps, stateless application meant for cloud, containers etc.) 
Familiarity with container technologies, e.g. Docker, Kubernetes etc. 
Minimum 1 years of experience in AWS IaaS technologies notably such as EC2, VPC, EBS, S3, RDS, ELB 
Nice To Have Skills: 
Knowledge on CI/CD tools like Chef/Puppet/Ansible, Jenkins, Git and Spinnaker 
Key Responsibilities: 
Maintain availability and resiliency of large-scale PCF foundations. 
Install, upgrade and maintain new tiles on Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) in public or private cloud. 
Understanding and troubleshooting application issues with respect to PCF and guide application teams for resolution 
Provide best practices for PCF foundation maintenance, such as automation, backup and restore, monitoring. 
Must be able to learn and adapt to new technologies quickly 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Platform Engineer jobs in Reading, PA Jobs at Capgemini in Reading, PA Platform Engineer salaries in Reading, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
