
 
 
 
 Physical Design Engineer - Phoenix, AZ 85018 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Physical Design Engineer Intel 5,432 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85018 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Become a member of one of the largest engineering companies in the world! 
Join us to develop new technology that will provide Intel a competitive advantage in programmable solutions. If you find it exciting to work in a diverse team that innovates with other Intel advanced technology groups, with other industry leaders and academia, then we have your opportunity. 
The Intel Programmable Solutions Group (PSG) has been delivering industry leading custom logic solutions to customers since inventing the world's first reprogrammable logic device in 1984. To expand the technology that provides us with advantages in programmable solutions, we are looking for a phenomenal engineer to join our high-powered team. 
The Customer ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) Solutions team in PSG (Programmable Solutions Group) is looking for a motivated individual for SoC/ASIC physical design implementation. The candidate will take the RTL, synthesize, place, route, and perform static timing and run verification tools to complete the design to tape-out.
 The candidate will grow within our supporting team setting, and learn: 
EDA tool usage of synthesis, place and route, static timing, formal verification, reliability, layout verification, etc. 
Analytical skills required to debug complex design specs, timing constraints, power intent. 
Collaborate, share, and leverage the team to solve some of the most complex technical challenges. 
Behavioral traits: 
Problem Solving skills. 
Written/verbal communication skills. 
Position to start in Q3'2021. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. 
Minimum Requirements 
The candidate must have a Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or a related field. 
Minimum of 6+ months experience in: 
RTL Synthesis. 
Static Timing Analysis. 
VLSI Design Concept. 
Preferred qualifications: 
Automatic Place and Route. 
Verilog. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Engineer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Intel in Phoenix, AZ Design Engineer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
