
 
 
 
 Software Quality Assurance Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Quality Assurance Engineer FARO Technologies 98 reviews Remote Remote FARO Technologies 98 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Searching for a role where you drive some of the future’s most promising innovations? FARO is an international company where ideas count more than hierarchy. We develop and market computer-aided 3D measurement and imaging devices and software. At FARO, smart, skilled people work together in an open atmosphere…. And challenging work never gets boring.
 Become a part of this great team and start moving forward.
 FARO is looking for a Software QA Engineer who can perform functions to support the field monitoring of the Customer’s software experience. Explore, assess, track, and report field product quality to the Quality organization, manager and help implement tools to measure, track and improve software testing processes and effectiveness. In this position you will advocate for the customer to ensure that products are meeting requirements. Your inputs to the Quality and Marketing organizations will shape future releases to ensure products meet and exceed expectations.
 We have:
 An open mind for new ideas and methodologies
 Leading edge technology
 A dynamic team of engineering, sales and marketing professionals to work with
 You have:
 Bachelor’s degree in a field such as Computer Science, or equivalent, plus 5-6 years of Software Test Engineering experience.
 Proficient knowledge in C++ and object oriented programming.
 Deep knowledge in software engineering and software architecture.
 Strong communication skills, open minded.
 Passion for software development in a team.
 Experience in 3D visualization or computer graphics is a plus. (OpenGL, WebGL, DirectX; rendering algorithms and spatial data structures)
 Experience in the fields of image understanding, image processing, photogrammetry or similar is a plus. (e.g. OpenCV).
 Experience with feature recognition, pattern matching, artificial intelligence etc. is a plus.
 How you will make a difference @ FARO:
 Establish and maintain top level Software Quality Standard requirements. Creation, maintenance, training, and auditing to those standards.
 Excellent problem-solving skills are required. The ability to lead a cross functional team through the 8D problem solving process is critical to this role.
 Create and maintain scripts that may be required by the Manufacturing organization to support real time visualization of yields, internal test results, or other inputs in the form of control charts, or other visual indicators when process parameters deviate from expected results. Work as a technical bridge between the needs of the manufacturing operation and R&D to ensure available data streams are adequate measured to guarantee manufacturability of hardware
 OTHER DUTIES MAY INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
 Perform or assist with any departmental operations, as required or directed to maintain work flow and meet production schedules and requirements.
 Participate in the software test automation efforts in collaboration with the Software QA manager.
 Maintain safe work areas and comply with safety procedures and equipment operating rules.
 Attend and participate in a variety of meetings and task force groups to integrate activities, communicate issues, obtain approvals, resolve problems and maintain specific level of knowledge pertaining to new developments, requirements and policies.
 Act as administrative team leader as elected and/or assigned. Communicate general business, quality, performance, and productivity issues to team members.
 Recommend revisions to control documentation such as production check lists, operating procedures and policy manuals. Make and distribute authorized modifications as required.
 Maintain work area in a clean and orderly condition. Perform other related duties as assigned.
 TOOLS AND EQUIPMENT USED:
 Various mathematical, graphic, design and database software programs, computer and peripherals, mechanical and computerized measuring devices, and standard office equipment.
 Physical Requirements:
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit, stand, talk and communicate, use hands/fingers, feel and reach with arms. This position requires the ability bend or stoop as necessary and frequently lift up to 50 lbs.
 Behavior/Relationship Skills  :
 Speak and prepare oral and written communication clearly and effectively, fostering open communication, listen to others, and deliver presentations.
 Act with integrity, demonstrate adaptability, and develop self through learning and feedback.
 Convey a sense of urgency, persistence, and commitment.
 Think strategically, analyze issues, use sound judgment, and innovate.
 What FARO can offer you:
 FARO has  excellent benefits  for you and your family. We not only care for our employees but also to their immediate family members. We believe in a balanced work-life and have developed programs and benefits plans to support that ethic, such as:
 A competitive paid time off bank and paid holidays
 Medical, dental, life and AD&D insurance plans
 Pre-tax flex spending accounts for medical and dependent care
 401K with employer match
 Tuition reimbursement and training opportunities
 Wellness fairs
 Frequent lunch and learns to help educate employees about various issues affecting their lives
 Other employee events
 FARO Technologies is a Drug Free Workplace with Pre-Employment Drug Screening. We provide equal employment [and affirmative action] opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.
 We want to talk to YOU! Join the most trusted team in 3D measurement technology www.faro.com/careers .
 Join us. Become part of a dynamic organization that values quality, leadership, teamwork,
 honesty and openness as a way of life in conducting our business.  #LI-ZT1 FARO Technologies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at FARO Technologies in Remote Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from FARO Technologies FARO Technologies 98 reviews FARO is the world’s most trusted source for 3D measurement technology. The Company develops and markets computer-aided measurement and im... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
