
 
 
 
 Case Record Manager - Henrico, VA 23228 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Case Record Manager NCI Information Systems Inc. Henrico, VA 23228 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
For more than 30 years, NCI Information Systems has been a leading provider of digital transformation solutions and services to U.S. government agencies. With its NCI  Empower ™ Platform, NCI is at the forefront of implementing artificial intelligence (AI) solutions to solve the government’s most complex mission challenges. Headquartered in Reston, Va., NCI is accelerating public sector AI adoption to create a government workforce that is exponentially more creative and productive. For more information, visit www.nciinc.com. 
Responsibilities:
 
NCI : As the  Case Records Manager  you will be in direct communication with the project director and will provide technical assistance to the CMS Hearings and Appeals staff, as necessary. The Case Records Manager will also provide oversight and direction with the documentation protocol necessary for timely completion of the PERM program. The Medical Records Manager will be primarily responsible for ensuring the full and complete scanning and uploading of all medical records received to begin the medical review of claims.  In assuming this position, you will be a critical contributor to meeting NCI's mission: To deliver innovative, cost-effective solutions and services that enable our customers to rapidly adapt to dynamic environments. 
Highlights of Responsibilities: 
Manages documentation specialists and Sr. Documentation specialists 
Manages Intake, Pre-and Post Appeal's Hearing coordination, and Medicare Geographic Classification Review Board (MGCRB) project. 
Provides oversight of the case records workflow process including initial requests, logging and tracking, distribution, storage, destruction and/or forwarding of all records 
Monitors all stages in the production cycle 
Initiates and implements interventions necessary to address or prevent any disruptions to the record workflow 
Ensures timely processing of project deliverables related to case records and MGCRB 
Coordinates intake assignments and case record QC functions 
Produces and submits required reports according to established content and time guidelines 
Ensures departmental compliance with quality management system and ISO requirements 
Determines and coordinates the education and training for the department staff 
Develops and approves departmental policies and procedures for the Case Records Management unit 
Effectively communicates with the customer, stakeholders and employees 
Performs other projects and responsibilities as assigned by the Program Director 
Qualifications:
 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Bachelor’s Degree, or Master’s Degree from an accredited institution and in a field of study that can be reasonably interpreted to perform tasks related to this position 
A minimum of eight (8) years of supervisory/managerial experience related to file and record management 
PREFERRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
Knowledge and working experience with Medicare or CMS strongly preferred. NCI Information Systems Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Records Manager jobs in Henrico, VA Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Henrico, VA Records Manager salaries in Henrico, VA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
