
 
 
 
 Associate Professor - Hershey, PA 17033 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Professor Penn State University 1,421 reviews Hershey, PA 17033 Penn State University 1,421 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Department of Public Health Sciences (PHS) in the Penn State College of Medicine is seeking applicants to fill a tenure-eligible position at the rank of Associate Professor within its Division of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics. The specialty area of interest is artificial intelligence and machine learning that is applicable to biomedical research.
 The Department consists of three academic divisions, namely, Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Epidemiology, and Health Services and Behavioral Research. There are more than 60 faculty members in the Department (34 tenured/tenure-eligible) and more than 65 support staff members. PHS provides a strong infrastructure for its faculty members in the areas of biostatistics, study design, data management, research computing, project management, and finance and administration. PHS offers six Graduate programs, namely, PhD in Epidemiology, PhD in Biostatistics, Doctor of Public Health (DrPH), Master of Public Health (MPH), Master of Science (MS) in Clinical Research, and Master of Professional Studies in Homeland Security with an option in Public Health Preparedness, as well as several Graduate Certificate programs.
 The successful candidate will possess extensive expertise in artificial intelligence and machine learning that is applicable to biomedical research. The Penn State College of Medicine plans to establish a Center for Biomedical Data Sciences (CBDS), in conjunction with one of the major goals specified in its 2020-2025 Strategic Plan:
 Develop and apply the artificial intelligence, neural engineering, machine learning and informatics capabilities needed to make rapid advances in biomedical research, education, health outcomes and value-based patient care.
 The successful candidate will play an instrumental role in the development of the CBDS.
 In the initial year, the successful candidate will be expected to expend approximately 80% effort on research, 15% effort on teaching and mentoring students, and 5% effort on service.
 The successful candidate should possess a doctoral degree in computer science, mathematical sciences, engineering, or a related discipline. Candidates should possess a strong portfolio of research activities in artificial intelligence and machine learning.
 With its location in Hershey, near Harrisburg, PA, PHS has a strong collaborative relationship with public health scientists and practitioners within the Pennsylvania Department of Health.
 Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. The salary will be commensurate with the candidate’s experience and credentials. Candidates should apply and submit a letter of application to include a statement of current and future research interests, curriculum vitae, and names with contact information for three professional references.
 The Pennsylvania State University is committed to and accountable for advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in all of its forms. We embrace individual uniqueness, foster a culture of inclusive excellence that supports both broad and specific diversity initiatives, leverage the educational and institutional benefits of diversity, and engage all individuals to help them thrive. We value inclusive excellence as a core strength and an essential element of our public service mission.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 Hershey, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Hershey, PA Jobs at Penn State University in Hershey, PA Associate Professor salaries in Hershey, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,421 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
