
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager - San Jose, CA 95113 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager Accenture 20,663 reviews San Jose, CA 95113 Accenture 20,663 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions – underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network – Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With approximately 469,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com. 
People in the Innovation & Thought Leadership career track drive asset innovation and marketplace reputation within a specific area of expertise. They grow into thought leadership roles, by increasing the depth of their expertise and reputation as an expert or innovator, and can progress either in role, laterally, or upward. 
 
About Accenture Operations Research Program: 
 
Our research and development program focuses on creating business value for our clients by embedding Artificial Intelligence solutions in our cross-industry offerings like Finance & Accounting, Marketing, Supply Chain, Talent HR and industry-specific offerings like Health, Network, Utilities, and Credit Services. 
 
Our research and development group operates in a global collaborative model across Bangalore, Delhi, and Mumbai (India), San Jose (USA) along with strategic internal partnership with Accenture Technology (including Technology Labs), Accenture Digital (including advanced analytics) and key research alliances with universities like MIT, Stanford University, CMU, Columbia University, UIUC, and UC Berkeley. 
 
As we create new services embedded in our offerings by leveraging artificial intelligence, machine learning, machine reasoning, natural language processing, predictive and advanced structured and unstructured data analytics, our research and development group undertakes strategic projects that will disrupt and shape the future of offerings and build prototypes that demonstrate how advances in technology will change the way we do business in the next 2 to 5 years. 
 
About the role: 
 
The Research and Development team in Operations follows a multi-pronged approach for project execution: from adapting existing assets like Accenture Insight Platform to Operations use cases, exploring third-party and open source solutions for execution speed and for specific use cases, engage in fundamental research to develop novel solutions. We leverage the vast global network of Accenture to collaborate with Accenture Tech Labs, Accenture Open Innovation and Accenture Analytics for creating solutions. 
 
The  Artificial Intelligence (AI) Senior Manager  will be responsible for assembling R&D teams to solve particular client problems, architect technical solutions, lead the project timelines and execution, represent the team with our clients, and work with business subject matter experts and technology delivery teams to deliver strategic state-of-the art AI-powered products and services from design and development to final deployment in our client’s production environments. 
The Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager works on the entire lifecycle of a research and development project including defining the solution design with the R&D lead, collaborating with business experts for business understanding, supporting the identification of business value, managing research consultants and platform engineers and working with technology teams for prototyping solutions, client pilot implementations and production deployments. 
 
The Artificial Intelligence Senior Manager is also expected to contribute to Accenture’s internal and external publications and be co-author with lead researchers on publications in leading journals and participate in relevant conferences. The senior manager is also expected to contribute to Accenture Operation’s patent portfolio. 
 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Ph.D. or Master’s Minimum of 5 years of experience in Artificial Intelligence techniques, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Computer Vision in corporate or academic research environments (including years in PhD or postdoc position if the projects are in related areas) Minimum of 3 years leading teams Minimum 2 years client facing delivering AI solutions 
Preferred Qualifications: 
- Degree concentrations - Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Machine Learning, or related scientific fields 
 Strong programming skills to advise and direct software developers in rapid prototyping and implementation of solutions Understanding of the software and AI development cycle, testing and development operations Prior experience managing global teams of multi-disciplinary experts and developers Experience in product development particularly applying Artificial Intelligence Ability to understand business context, generate ideas, identify business value, and come up with creative solutions with positive return of investment Experience eliciting high-level business requirements and creating detailed functional specs as well as other documentation, such as requirements, work-flow diagrams and use-cases Proficient verbal and written communication skills in English. Ability to articulate and clearly communicate the solution scope, timeline and benefits with clients as well as tough messaging in a professional manner. Ability to develop strong working relationships with all relevant parties, particularly at the senior management level Experience in multi-disciplinary business process management, business process automation, or robotic process automation in finance and accounting, procurement, talent and HR, marketing, sales and operations or any industry verticals such as telecom, utility, health is an advantage Published articles in academic or industry journals and patent portfolio 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Manager jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Accenture in San Jose, CA Senior Manager salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,663 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
