
 
 
 
 Chair of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology - University, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chair of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology University of Florida 1,147 reviews University, FL University of Florida 1,147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. JOB DESCRIPTION 
Chair of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology 
 University of Florida College of Medicine
 The University of Florida College of Medicine invites applications and nominations for the position of Department Chair of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. 
The University of Florida (UF) is a top-tier research university with $900 million of annual research funding and an outstanding record of training undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The UF College of Medicine is the largest of six colleges at the UF Academic Health Center, which is located on the main campus in Gainesville, FL. UF is ranked #6 and the UF College of Medicine is ranked #15 in the latest U.S. News and World Report rankings for public universities. 
Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (BMB) is a research-intensive department and our areas of research strength fall into three main areas. These include (1) Structural Biochemistry (virus structure and cryo-EM, NMR spectroscopy, and protein x-ray crystallography) (2) Metabolism (metabolism and disease, metabolomics, and metabolic flux analysis), and (3) Molecular Biology (RNA structure and function, epigenetics, gene regulation, DNA repair and replication). The campus-wide UF Artificial Intelligence Initiative is a new area under development in the Department. Our research programs will continue to take advantage of existing resources that include established centers, institutes and core facilities on the UF campus. HiPerGator 3.0 and HiPerGator AI, the NVIDIA DGX SuperPOD, enable scalable artificial intelligence (AI) and high-performance data analytics. BMB houses the Center for Structural Biology and the Center for Epigenetics. The Advanced Magnetic Resonance and Imaging (AMRIS) Facility at the McKnight Brain Institute is a state-of-the-art user facility for high-resolution solution NMR, solid-state NMR, dynamic nuclear polarization NMR, preclinical MRI/S, and human MRI/S and is part of the NSF-funded National High Magnetic Field Laboratory (NHMFL). Additional support for our research programs is provided by the UF Health Cancer Center UF Genetics Institute, the Cryo-Electron Microscopy core in the UF Interdisciplinary Center for Biotechnology Research, and the Center for Integrative Cardiovascular and Metabolic Disease. Taken together, these facilities provide unique state-of-the-art instrumentation and technical expertise to support our research programs and help recruit new research faculty needing these resources. 
Our educational activities serve students at the undergraduate, professional, and graduate levels. The Department provides students with learning opportunities in the classroom and in our research laboratories. We play a major role in the graduate curricula that serves students in the Biomedical Sciences Ph.D. program, the Genetics and Genomics Ph.D. program, and the BMB Master’s Degree program. We are actively involved in the Medical Education (M.D.) curriculum and teach in three courses for first-year medical students. We participate in the UF Medical Honors Program and teach first-year dental students. The department also teaches an undergraduate course in biochemistry and molecular biology that is required for many undergraduate majors and is a prerequisite for professional and graduate programs. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Candidates for this position should have a current academic rank of Professor, a distinguished track record of innovative research in an area that complements our strengths, prior experience in directing research and educational programs, and administrative experience in leading an academic unit of comparable size and scope. The BMB Department Chair will report directly to the Dean of the UF College of Medicine and will direct the education, research, and service missions of the Department. It is expected that the BMB Chair will recruit new faculty to grow exciting new areas of research that complement existing BMB research strengths and add to the research portfolio of the College of Medicine. Additional attributes of a new Chair include (1) strong leadership skills and a commitment to diversity, inclusion and equity, (2) understanding and appreciation of our critical missions in research and education, (3) vision and energy to build a strong research-intensive department (4) a commitment to mentoring junior faculty and promoting programs to advance their career development, and (5) enhancing interdisciplinary interactions with other departments, centers, and institutes. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Candidates must apply online at https://apply.interfolio.com and should include a letter of interest outlining their special qualifications for this position and a current curriculum vitae. Formal review of applications will begin on July 5, 2021 and will continue until a viable applicant pool is established. Inquiries and nominations can be sent to Mercedes Swan, Manager for the Strategic Talent Group at mdswan@ufl.edu or  352-273-1703 . 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call 352/392-2477 or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#category=67 
 
OPEN DATE 
May 21, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
University of Florida College of Medicine 
UNIT 
College of Medicine University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chairperson jobs in University, FL Jobs at University of Florida in University, FL Chairperson salaries in University, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,147 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
