
 
 
 
 Python - Django Developer - Cary, NC 27513 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Python - Django Developer Verizon 28,908 reviews Cary, NC 27513 Verizon 28,908 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 We are searching for a Full Stack Developer with Python and Django to support our global customer operations team. This role will be part of a team working on a challenging portfolio of innovative projects that will enable digital operational excellence in Verizon Business Group (VBG) Customer Operations. The program direction includes artificial intelligence, operations automation, and industry leading omnichannel technology. 
Improve the efficiency and client experience of our services. 
Build robust, scalable, user-facing web applications in Python/Django. 
Develop and create new customer and employee experiences using modern APIs and frameworks. 
Work as part of an agile team in delivering solutions. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You'll need to have: 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or scientific field or four or more years of work experience. 
Four or more years of relevant work experience. 
Four or more years of Python Django web development experience. 
Experience in Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Postgresql, Docker, Kubernetes responsive web design. 
Strong understanding of Django ORM and SQL Alchemy. 
Solid knowledge of the principles of class based object-oriented programming. 
Strong experience using web services and RESTful APIs. 
Experience in git version control. 
Experience in the design and development of modern web applications and services. 
Experience with relational databases. 
Even better if you have one or more of the following: 
Masters degree in Computer Science. 
Experience with JavaScript Frameworks such as Angular and ReactJS. 
Knowledge of semantic markup and modern web layout techniques. 
Experience with agile development processes. 
Excellent teamwork, communication and collaboration skills. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Python Developer jobs in Cary, NC Jobs at Verizon in Cary, NC Python Developer salaries in Cary, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,908 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
