
 
 
 
 Responsible Innovation Program Manager – Business & Human Rights - Research Triangle Park, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Responsible Innovation Program Manager – Business & Human Rights Cisco Systems 5,878 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC Cisco Systems 5,878 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. What You’ll Do
 
You will join the Cisco Legal team as Responsible Innovation Program Manager supporting Cisco’s Business & Human Rights (BHR) team in its efforts to integrate human rights by design principles throughout the product and offer lifecycle. BHR works to advance and operationalize Cisco’s longstanding commitments to business and human rights, enshrined in our Global Human Rights Policy, and to support Cisco’s corporate purpose of powering an inclusive future for all.
 
In this role, you’ll play a critical role in shaping and operationalizing polices to advance implementation of Cisco human rights policies and international human rights norms throughout Cisco’s products and offers. You’ll develop and refine our policies, processes, and operational guidance to support product development consistent with these norms. And you’ll engage proactively with internal and external stakeholders to identify, prevent, mitigate, and address risks to human rights associated with Cisco’s products and offers.
 
Your work will focus primarily on furthering human rights by design throughout our product and offer portfolio. You’ll lead human rights due diligence projects to assess human rights risks associated with our products and offers; then you’ll work with product and engineering teams to address these risks. You’ll work closely with cross-functional teams around the globe, including privacy, security, engineering, research, product management, government affairs, and legal, among others.
 
You should be passionate about human rights, a great listener, solutions-driven, and a skilled advisor. You should have a strong background in human rights and be able to translate these concepts into actionable feedback for business partners.
 
Your Responsibilities
 
This role supports the overall mission of the Business and Human Rights group, charged with integrating human rights commitments into Cisco’s day-to-day operations through development of policies, processes, and operational guidance. You’ll support teams across Cisco’s global operations as they seek to engage in responsible decision-making consistent with Cisco’s values, commitments, and responsibility to respect human rights. Daily work includes:
 Monitoring legislative developments pertaining to responsible product design, including for artificial intelligence and machine learning, working with our Government Affairs team to advance positions in the interest of Cisco and consistent with our Global Human Rights Policy, and working with cross-functional teams to address needed policy/process changes to comply with emerging laws. Proactively identifying emerging trends in technology, ethical design, and human rights and their applicability to Cisco’s global business; drafting briefings for internal stakeholders. Developing relationships with cross-functional stakeholders throughout the business to integrate human rights considerations into responsible decision-making frameworks. Other activities in support of the business and human rights strategy, as assigned.
 
 Qualifications:  2-5 years of relevant business and human rights experience Ability to understand and translate complex global human rights standards into concise, actionable advice for key stakeholders and decision-makers Excellent writing and communication skills Sound judgment and the ability to craft creative, pragmatic solutions to drive impact and results Strong organizational and project management skills; ability to prioritize and manage several simultaneous projects under deadline pressure; ability to self-start and lead projects Affinity for working collaboratively, positively, and strategically with cross-functional teams Intellectual curiosity and interest in learning about new technologies and product offerings Resilient, affable, and light-hearted Experience in the technology industry preferred Advance degree in a relevant field a plus
 
WHY CISCO?
 
At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.
 
We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We innovate everywhere - from launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
 
We benefit everyone. We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
 
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco Cisco Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Innovation Manager jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at Cisco Systems in Research Triangle Park, NC Innovation Manager salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cisco Systems Cisco Systems 5,878 reviews #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We em... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
