
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,101 reviews New York, NY Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,101 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description BASIC QUALIFICATIONS (recommended)
 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience in building complex systems 
 Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis. 
 Proficient in Python, or other modern programming languages such as Java or C++. 
 Passionate about machine learning and NLP 
 
AWS is hiring a Machine Learning Software Development Engineer to help us solve complex problems in content and knowledge discovery for our customers. You will collaborate with our cross-functional team of Applied Scientists, Engineers, and Solutions Architects to research, design, develop and deploy sophisticated NLP models, design and implement infrastructure to productize the models, and build ETL pipelines to process unstructured and semi-structured data. The ideal candidate is an experienced and highly-independent software engineer, who is comfortable working on cross-functional teams. You will be able to balance technical leadership with strong business judgment to make the right decisions about technology and methodologies choices.
 
Inclusion
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Mentorship
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our organizations members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Work life balance
 Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
 
 MS or PhD in Computer Science or related technical discipline. 
 Knowledge of machine learning algorithms, experience developing using frameworks like pytorch, MXNet or TensorFlow 
 Experience in one or more of the following areas: NLP, NLU, data mining, graph theory, information retrieval, recommendation systems, deep learning, or artificial intelligence. 
 
***Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amazon Web Services in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,101 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
