
 
 
 
 Account Manager - Orlando, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Account Manager Vantagepoint ai, LLC Orlando, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Just Imagine an Account Manager Career With… 
Great pay and benefits 
Training and support 
Work life balance 
Award winning culture 
Plus, an Innovative cutting-edge product! 
VantagePoint ai offers an Account Manager career with that and so much more! 
VantagePoint ai is seeking talented Account Managers to join our team of elite customer training specialist. Our company is exploding with growth and we are breaking sales records month after month! We are looking to identify talented Account Managers to develop and elevate their sales skills. 
This is a Highly Lucrative Opportunity 
1st year Account Managers can make $60-$70K. Senior account managers can average $95K+! If you are a skilled relationship builder, fast learner and good at selling through teaching, you could be the next customer training specialist to join our team of high-flying Account Managers, enjoying a  Real Base Salary,  great work life balance, incredible benefits, all in a positive, extremely rewarding environment. Vantagepoint ai has been voted Best Places to Work nationally including by Forbes Magazine, as well as Best Places to Work in Tampa Bay 12 times! 
This Makes a Difference 
Our patented, highly accurate, artificial intelligence software used by traders worldwide in the financial markets, is in extremely high demand. We change lives daily by providing traders advanced notice of market movements using VantagePoint ai’s patented and proprietary trend forecasting technology. 
This is a Long-term Career 
Artificial Intelligence and Wall Street are not going away any time soon. VantagePoint ai has been pioneering technology for traders for over 42 years. We are a second-generation family-owned company who has been on the forefront of developing Artificial Intelligence software for traders. 
This Makes Sense 
To speak with a member of team in more detail about the account manager role, 
Apply Now!  www.FindTampaJobs.com . Someone will email you to schedule a discussion. 
Don’t sell yourself short. Join a team of winners who are at the forefront of innovation and technology… 
Take the first step… Learn more about our culture at  www.FindTampaJobs.com . 
Outstanding Pay and Benefits: 
Generous Base Salary 
Un-Capped Commissions Paid Monthly 
100% Paid Employee Healthcare and Dental 
To learn more about our VantagePoint Software visit  www.vantagepointsoftware.com . Vantagepoint ai, LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Account Manager jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at Vantagepoint ai in Orlando, FL Account Manager salaries in Orlando, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
