
 
 
 
 Senior Manager, Market Intelligence - Meridian, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Manager, Market Intelligence Micron Meridian, ID Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 285964 
Join an inclusive, fast paced team passionate about one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can encourage the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Micron’s Commercial Products Group (CPG) creates industry-leading consumer DRAM and SSD products under the Crucial brand. CPG also distributes both Crucial branded and Micron branded server DRAM and cloud SSD products in the global commercial channel. 
We are recruiting for a high-impact role in our global marketing team to build and lead our market intelligence function. You will consistently collect and analyze business and market data, turning it into insights to support strategic decisions for the marketing, sales and, business teams. 
 
Responsibilities: 
Drive impact for industry and channel TAM/SAM and Market Segment Share (MSS) analyses and the triangulation of market data 
Conduct data-controlled research to develop market intelligence on specific DRAM and SSD trends as well as strategic implications to our commercial business 
Collaborate, influence, and align with other business units and corporate market intelligence teams to arrive at TAM/SAM/SOM and market segment share insights. 
Provide quarterly guidance and insights on market share expansion & decline across key product and market segments. Drive the understanding of external market forces. 
Work closely with multiple teams at CPG to consistently deliver insights and analytics with a high level of data confidence. 
Serve as the internal advisor and consultant to the executive leadership team at Micron CPG. 
 
Requirements: 
8+ years or equivalent prior work experience, preferably in market intelligence, market strategy role preferable at a top-tier semiconductor company, or as an experienced semiconductor industry analyst 
Extensive experience in market sizing (TAM/SAM) and market share analysis 
Skilled at distilling and visualizing key messages and data points into impactful recommendations 
Demonstrable expertise and knowledge of computer memory and storage industry 
Out of the box mentality with a bias for turning data into action and delivering results 
Able to roll up sleeves, inspire change, and earn trust 
Experience working with data from third-party research companies like NPD, Future Source, IDC, etc 
A love for data analysis using excel, manipulating multiple sources and data visualizations with Tableau/PowerBI 
Strong track record of cross-team teamwork and outstanding written and verbal communication skills 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in either Finance, Business, Economics, or marketing research is preferred 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Meridian || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Marketing || #LI-SC2 || Tier 5 || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Senior Market Manager jobs in Meridian, ID Jobs at Micron in Meridian, ID Senior Market Manager salaries in Meridian, ID Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
