
 
 
 
 Computer Vision and Machine Learning Engineer - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Computer Vision and Machine Learning Engineer NCR Cambridge, MA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About NCR
 NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a leading software- and services-led enterprise provider in the financial, retail and hospitality industries. NCR is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with 36,000 employees globally. NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries. 
 
 Job Description
 Candidates will work on next-generation vision systems for enhancing the retail checkout experience and eliminating pain points for both customers and retailers.
 Areas of focus include:
 Facilitating the checkout process by applying computer vision and machine learning algorithms to automatically identify items at the checkout
 Localizing people and objects in the store, aisles, and checkout areas
 Preventing theft via anomaly detection
 Developing the algorithms, models, and methods for moving toward a fully frictionless checkout experience
 Prerequisites
 Candidates will have a Ph.D. in computer science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, applied math, or relevant field.
 They will have a strong practical nature and take pride in seeing their concepts turned into actual products that solve real-world problems.
 Candidates should have strong experience developing ML and CV approaches using Python.
 C++ experience and OpenCV experience are a plus.
 An affinity for, and background experience with, systems programming is a plus.
 Offers of employment are conditional upon passage of screening criteria applicable to the job.
 Full time employee benefits include  :
 Medical Insurance
 Dental Insurance
 Life Insurance
 Vision Insurance
 Short/Long Term Disability
 Paid Vacation
 401k
 EEO Statement
 
Integrated into our shared values is NCR's commitment to diversity and equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, military service, genetic information, or any other characteristic or conduct protected by law. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. 
 
 Statement to Third Party Agencies
 
To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. NCR 30+ days ago original job Report job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at NCR in Cambridge, MA Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
