
 
 
 
 Machine Learning SWE - Perception and Manipulation - Union City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning SWE - Perception and Manipulation Third Wave Automation Union City, CA Company Description: 
Third Wave Automation is a rapidly growing startup company that has demonstrated its core technology components, proven the market fit, and just closed its series A. If you are excited about cutting edge machine learning, robotics that affects the real world, and want to join a company where your skills can have a huge impact you'll fit right in.
 
Third Wave Automation is applying modern machine learning to materials handling—delivering site-specific forklift navigation and infrastructure-free pallet handling that continuously adapts to changing floor configuration and warehouse demand.
 
 Team Description: 
We are a small team of 5 roboticists working on perception and manipulation for Third Wave's autonomous forklifts. We develop two key systems: the system that detects pallets, racks, forklifts, and people, and their position relative to the robot, and the systems that autonomously pick and place pallets. We are working on a continual learning system to improve our learned models for perception and pallet manipulation and enable them to adapt to new warehouses. In the next two years, we will expand our capabilities from picking and placing on the floor and racks to include stacking and de-stacking pallets.
 
 Job Description: 
Third Wave Automation is looking for a Machine Learning software engineer to design and deliver new autonomous forklifts.
 
How You Can Make an Impact
 
Utilize knowledge of machine learning and architectures for learning.
 Write maintainable code inside collaborative codebases. Deliver high-quality software design, documentation and implementation.
 Help drive the development of a state of the art continual learning system.
 Provide input on all aspects of product development from brainstorming to final delivery.
 Collaborate closely with other team members to ensure successful delivery of solutions.
 Provide technical leadership in areas of specialization and contribute original ideas and improvements to project designs, pipelines, and tools.
 
Desired Qualifications
 
PhD or Master's degree in Robotics, CS, EE, or related quantitative discipline with a focus on Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Manipulation, Deep Learning, or related areas.
 2+ Years of professional experience in hands-on development of machine learning systems and/or machine learning infrastructure.
 Strong software development skills that encourage code reuse among researchers and ability to write efficient, clean, and reusable code (Python and/or C++).
 Experience with ML frameworks such as PyTorch and Tensorflow, and with cloud computing platforms such as Google Cloud or Amazon Web Services.
 
 Bonus Points For: 
Professional experience developing machine learning infrastructure for robotics systems.
 Experience with ROS or other robotics frameworks.
 Experience selecting and working with RGB-D sensors such as Intel Realsense or Microsoft Kinect.
 A desire to create new innovative approaches to perception and manipulation and to improve personal development and skills.
 Open to new challenges and work independently across disciplines to both investigate issues and identify solutions.
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We value each person's expertise and experiences. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All qualified people are encouraged to apply.
 
All qualified applicants able to work in the United States are encouraged to apply. Third Wave Automation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Union City, CA Jobs at Third Wave Automation in Union City, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Union City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Third Wave Automation Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
