
 
 
 
 Data Engineer - Saint Paul, MN 55122 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer Trimble 271 reviews Saint Paul, MN 55122 Remote Trimble 271 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Title: Data Engineer II
 Location: Remote - (MN Preferred)
 Department: Central Data/AI
 Position Summary
 We have an exceptional opportunity for a Data Engineer to join the Trimble Central AI team. Our mission is to support people, process, and technology that enables teams to discover and leverage insights in data through the application of artificial intelligence and data science. The Data Engineer is responsible for establishing connectivity to and from data sources, building and maintaining data pipelines and ETL processes, maintaining and monitoring Central AI related data flows and repositories, and assisting with the development of machine learning solutions to meet Trimble business segment needs.
 Responsibilities
 50% Data Engineering:
 Build and maintain data pipelines written in AWS Glue, Domo, Databricks or custom shell scripts. Write and maintain data cleaning and feature engineering code and processes. Collaborate with data owners across various Trimble segments regarding data. Test, document and version control all ETL related activities. Help integrate machine learning model outputs into the workflow of Trimble businesses.
 25% Machine Learning and Data Science:
 Function as a Jr. Data Scientist and assist Sr. Data Scientists in building models and tracking model drift. This will require learning about traditional and deep learning technologies including, but not limited to regression, classification, clustering, time series prediction and deep learning approaches.
 25% Systems Administration
 Assist DevOPS by providing basic systems administration for data and deep learning platforms. This will involve monitoring and managing database systems, working with security protocols to ensure data security and privacy and ensuring that systems are kept up to date with patches and versions. The Data Engineer will also help administer the Trimble Data Science Workbench; a Jupyter Hub based data science development environment provided by Central AI.
 Required Skills:
 1+ years of experience working with and moving data (SQL, ETL, etc.)
 1+ years of experience in administering servers and desktop systems
 Comfortable working in Unix/Linux/Windows, and cloud based systems such as AWS/Azure
 Working knowledge of Python and shell scripting (C, Bash, Z, Powershell or similar)
 5+ years of overall work experience in IT/CS/STEM or related discipline
 Comfortable with GIT
 The ability to work collaboratively on a geographically dispersed team
 A passion for and curiosity about data
 Preferred Skills:
 Experience working in an Agile/Scrum Methodology
 Advanced SQL and shell scripting experience
 Familiarity with data analytics approaches such as regression, clustering, classification, etc.
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics or related field
 Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D Trimble 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Saint Paul, MN Jobs at Trimble in Saint Paul, MN Data Engineer salaries in Saint Paul, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Trimble 271 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
