
 
 
 
 Marketing Coordinator - Fairfax, VA 22030 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Marketing Coordinator Insystech Inc. Fairfax, VA 22030 Remote Job Id: 
202004003
 Location: 
Work from home
 Job Type: 
Direct Hire
 Education: 
Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Communications preferred. Can be substituted with Associates Degree and additional 2 years of directly relevant industry experience.
 Required Experience: 
Engage with software solutions team to understand the solutions,Work with the company management team and perform market research to identify markets for the solutions,Write text to advertise the solutions, service offering,Work closely with a graphic artist to create website and promotional content,Publish social media content, write blogs,Gather email marketing campaign lists and manage them in customer relationship management (CRM) tool,Conduct email marketing campaigns,Gather, analyze and present marketing campaign results
 Company and Position Background: 
Insystech has thrived for over 20 years developing innovative solutions and providing mission critical services to the U.S. Federal Government and State and Local Government entities. We have consistently focused on listening to our customers, understanding their problems and providing best value IT solutions that solves their problems. Currently we are in the process of building a Center of Excellence (COE) for Intelligent Process Automation. Our team is working on developing various solutions using Robotic Process Automation (RPA) technologies that embed Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning techniques to automate routine, rule-based processes to assist the workforce and provide them the opportunities to become Knowledge Workers.
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 1 to 2 years of experience as a Marketing Associate or Sales Associate promoting Software Solutions 
 Demonstrable proficiency in Technical Writing 
 Website content development, social media posting 
 Email marketing campaigns management 
 
 All work can be done from home. Interaction, engagement with teams would happen through formal meetings and informal on-line chat conversations. The individual will be able to set their own schedule, while being available for certain period during normal business hours (schedule can be flexible, negotiated). Insystech will provide the necessary laptop/computer and other equipment, supplies necessary for work from home. The individual must have reliable internet connection from home. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. All employment is decided only on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. Insystech Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Marketing Coordinator jobs in Fairfax, VA Jobs at Insystech in Fairfax, VA Marketing Coordinator salaries in Fairfax, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Insystech Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
