
 
 
 
 IT Support Technician - In Office - Miami Beach, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications IT Support Technician - In Office GDS Group Miami Beach, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description GDS Group is a global project intelligence company dedicated to helping clients meet the challenges posed by a fast-moving, digital disruptive business environment. Whether it’s brokering real solutions to existing or upcoming business projects, providing greater insight into emerging trends and their outcomes, or delivering the tools needed to enable meaningful organisational change, our events, services and experience provide the intelligence needed to make our customer's business projects a success. 
 
 
The clients we work with on each product include C-level executives of a FTSE 250/ Fortune 500 size, and our solution-provider client base includes most, if not all the well-known giants such as Microsoft, Dell, Oracle, Google, HP, SAP and IBM to name a few. 
 
 
We’re headquartered in Bristol, UK with international offices in NY and Miami and Kosovo. With over 350 staff globally, new product launches, we are perfectly positioned to offer career path progression to those who show a commitment to obtaining and evolving the right skill sets. 
 
 
Role Purpose and Background: 
 
The IT support technician role is a key role in our Information Technology team. The Support Technician will be responsible for desktop & server-side management with a primary focus on providing technical support for our Miami office. The role will also provide support our other global offices in Bristol, New York and Kosovo. 
 
 
Reporting to the IT Manager you will understand networks across multiple sites and be on hand to advise on solutions to ensure the smooth running of the office. 
 
 
This is a hands-on role where the requirement to support users face to face is a vital requirement. 
 
 
Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Day to day support for 300+ desk-based and remote users. 
 Administration of user accounts and security permissions on various platforms. 
 Support and Administration for O365. 
 Providing Helpdesk/Web support through email tickets and telephone to users. 
 Ownership and management of all calls taken, including responsibility for the resolution, escalation and final call close. 
 To advise all company staff on the effective use of IT facilities to meet their business needs. 
 To administer all aspects of the local IT infrastructure including communications, office equipment, PCs, peripherals, software, networks and servers. 
 To follow and apply IT policies and procedures accordingly. 
 To escalate IT issues as appropriate to a Senior IT Management 
 Laptop imaging, software installations and configurations including Operating System. 
 Monitor and support live video conferencing. 
 Hardware rollouts and refreshes. 
 Provide support for telecoms and mobile devices. 
 Provide coaching to end users. 
 Plan and implement staff relocations around the office 
 Local server installation/changes. 
 Active Directory User Maintenance File Systems, Directory Structures and User Rights 
 Configuring desktops/laptops/printers. 
 Maintaining asset register and audit checks. 
 Installing, troubleshooting and maintaining printers. 
 
 
Essential Skills and Experience Required: 
 
 Must have experience of working in a similar role. 
 1st/2nd line support of IT related issues covering PC’s, laptops, mobile devices, telephony and networking. 
 Experience using/supporting O365. 
 Experience with MDM and end point security 
 Working knowledge of Server 2008/2012/2016 and its roles/features. 
 Knowledge of Networking (such as switches and routers) 
 Working knowledge of Windows 7 and 10 is essential, OSX a bonus. 
 Must be able to work with minimal supervision within a pre-defined set of procedures. 
 Must be able to prioritize own workload and complete requests on time. 
 Needs excellent communication skills with all level of employees. 
 Must be able to liaise effectively with third party suppliers. 
 
 
Desirable skills and experience 
 
 Good understanding of MDM solutions 
 Good working knowledge of MS Azure 
 Good understanding of security considerations 
 Working knowledge of DHCP, DNS, NetBIOS, Active Directory Policies Firewalls, Routers, VPN 
 
 
GDS Group offers; 
 Ongoing training. Throughout your career at GDS Group you'll receive continued career development support from our management team. 
 Exceptional career progression. We're ever-evolving, if you work hard and do well - with our help and support - there are no artificial limits to your speed of progress. 
 Global opportunities. We are a global company with offices in Miami, NY, Kosovo and Bristol, UK - that means great scope for our staff as well as opportunities to travel. GDS Group 30+ days ago original job Report job IT Support jobs in Miami Beach, FL Jobs at GDS Group in Miami Beach, FL IT Support salaries in Miami Beach, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
