
 
 
 
 Staff Consultant - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Consultant Oracle 6,322 reviews United States Oracle 6,322 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Title: 
Technical Consultant
 
Location
 
:
 
USA
 
Organization Name
 
North America Technology Consulting
 
About Consulting
 
The Oracle Cloud offers complete SaaS application suites for ERP, HCM and CX, plus best-in-class database, analytics, integration, and modern application development through Platform as a Service (PaaS) and
 
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) from data centers throughout the Americas, Europe and Asia. For more information about Oracle (NYSE: ORCL), please visit us at
 
oracle.com
 
.
 
The Program
 
Are you interested in being part of a next generation solutions organization inside Oracle North America?
 
We are building a next generation Solutions organization to engineer cutting-edge solutions for our customers around Cloud Computing, Database Performance and Migrations
 
, Modern Application Development, Oracle technologies and applications. Our mission is simple, we build new and innovative technology solutions for real world problems that our customers face. And so, we are seeking
 
people who share
 
the
 
spirit of using technology to innovate and solve big problems.
 
 For more information visit: 
http://oracle.com/consulting
 
The Role
 
As a contributor within their practice, this entry-level consulting position contributes to internal and customer projects. Participates in proof of concepts and implementation aspects of engagement(s) ensuring high quality, integrated software solutions within constraints of time and budget.
 
As a member of a project team, you will follow standard practices and procedures to analyze requirements and provide quality work products to deliver functional and technical solutions for applications and technology implementations to meet customer specifications. You are expected to work directly with customers and members of the consulting delivery and sales teams on key activities such as:
 
Performing data science tasks
 
Building and executing on repeatable cloud solutions
 
Delivering hands-on cloud computing services
 
Assist with creating new industry-focused solution innovations
 
Building cloud native applications using modern development technologies
 
Preferred Qualifications
 
1-2 years of experience relevant to this position
 
Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems or equivalent experience
 
Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus, including s
 
tatistical machine learning, artificial intelligence, natural language processing.
 
Ability to communicate effectively.
 
Ability to build rapport with team members and clients.
 
Ability to travel as needed.
 
 Working knowledge in any of the following areas: 
Cloud computing platforms, development and/or integration, networking and firewalls
 
Agile, SCRUM, SDLC, DevOps, database, rapid and iterative technical design/implementation based projects
 
 Programming and scripting languages including:  Python, R, SQL, PL/SQL, Java, etc.
 
No visa sponsorship is available for this position.
 
Getting to know you.
 
As part of Oracle's standard employment process, candidates will undergo a complete background check prior to an offer being extended. These background checks are conducted by a professional third party firm at no charge to the applicant and include: prior employment verification, education verification, social security trace, criminal background check and motor vehicles records (where required for position).
 
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
Junior consulting position for those who are continuing to develop their expertise. Receives general instruction on routine work and detailed instruction on new projects or assignments.
 
Junior consulting position for those who are continuing to develop their expertise. Receives general instruction on routine work and detailed instruction on new projects or assignments.
 
As a member of a project team, follows standard practices and procedures to analyze situations/data and provide quality work products to deliver functional and technical solutions on applications and technology installations. Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying relevant Oracle methodologies and practices. Implements Oracle products and technology in various industries to meet customer specifications.
 
1-3 years of overall experience in relevant functional or technical roles. Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience. Product or technical expertise relevant to practice focus. Demonstrates competence in a minimum of one product or technology area. Ability to communicate effectively and build rapport with team members and clients. Ability to travel as needed.If you are a Colorado resident, Please
 
Contact us
 
or Email us at oracle-salary-inquiries_us@oracle.com to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include this Job ID: 103169 in the subject line of the email.
 Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.
 
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. Oracle 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in United States Jobs at Oracle in United States Consultant salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oracle Oracle 6,322 reviews Oracle is the world’s leading provider of business software. But you probably already knew that. With a presence in over 175 countries, w... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
