
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Computer Science - Newberg, OR 97132 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Computer Science George Fox University - Faculty Newberg, OR 97132 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description George Fox University  announces a tenure-track faculty position in Computer Science to begin August 2021.
 George Fox University,  a Christ-centered community, prepares students spiritually, academically, and professionally to think with clarity, act with integrity, and serve with passion. Professors teach all truth as God's truth, integrating all fields of learning around the person and work of Jesus Christ, bringing the divine revelations through sense, reason, and intuition to the confirming test of Scripture. All applicants must express a personal commitment to Jesus Christ and express their Christian testimony in a local church. In addition, professors agree to live in agreement with the university lifestyle statement and affirm the theological commitments expressed in the Statement of Faith. George Fox University is an institution that values diversity as an essential dimension of God's design for human communities. In seeking to become a more inclusive community, we especially encourage applications from women and candidates from racial and ethnic backgrounds that are underrepresented on our faculty. Individuals who would fit this profile are encouraged to apply for current openings in our faculty. 
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
Teaching courses in the computer science major. 
Assisting the department in managing and maintaining departmental computing facilities. 
Active and innovative collaboration with science and engineering faculty, provide program leadership and development, and student advising. 
The capacity to develop and sustain an ongoing program of scholarship and research. 
Participation in the work of the department and university including university committees as needed. 
Qualifications 
An earned doctorate in Computer Science (or closely related field).
 While all applicants with computer science backgrounds will be considered, preferred areas of emphasis for teaching and scholarship are computer and network security, HCI, cyber security, languages, data structures and algorithms, compilers, software engineering, operating systems, and artificial intelligence. 
Previous teaching and research experience are desirable (but not required). 
Demonstrated excellence in teaching is essential. 
A commitment to working with a diverse population of students is essential; demonstrated experience in this area is preferred. 
All applicants must express a personal commitment to Jesus Christ and express their Christian testimony in a local church. In addition, professors agree to live in agreement with the Community Lifestyle Statement and affirm the theological commitments expressed in the Statement of Faith. 
Candidates must have legal authority to permanently work in the U.S. When employed by George Fox University, employees must be a resident of one of the following states: Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, New York, Ohio, or Texas. 
Salary and Rank 
Appointment at the Assistant Professor level is anticipated, though candidates with significant teaching experience at previous institutions may be considered for appointment at the rank of Associate Professor. Salary and benefits are competitive with comparable institutions. 
Application Procedures kindly apply only through this website 
When completing the online application, please upload the following as Word or .pdf documents in the section marked  Cover Letter, Curriculum Vitae, and Essay Requirement : 
Letter of Interest 
Curriculum Vitae (CV) 
Faith and learning essay* 
Statement of teaching philosophy 
Concise description of research plans 
Other supporting materials may be requested at a later stage of the review process.
 Interested applicants are encouraged to apply at once. Review of applications will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. Questions may be directed to: amcconaughey@georgefox.edu - Adina McConaughey, Executive Assistant, College of Engineering INTEGRATION OF FAITH AND LEARNING ESSAY George Fox University is committed to the idea that one of the primary responsibilities of Christian higher education is to help students develop a uniquely Christian worldview. As teachers and mentors, it is important for George Fox University faculty members to integrate Christian faith and principles in all aspects of their lives. As an essential part of the application process, the University will carefully consider your response to the following: In a one-page essay (about 300 words) describe your personal Christian faith, as well as how your faith informs your teaching, scholarship, and service (including service and leadership in your church and/or in Christian ministries) George Fox University - Faculty 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Newberg, OR Jobs at George Fox University in Newberg, OR Assistant Professor salaries in Newberg, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from George Fox University - Faculty Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
