
 
 
 
 Coordinator, Influencer Marketing (Awareness) - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Coordinator, Influencer Marketing (Awareness) BEN Group, Inc Los Angeles, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who  YOU  Are 
Do you have an affinity for Digital Influencers? Do you find yourself thinking differently than the average person? Do you hear “White Glove Service” and think, “That’s so me!”? If so, this may be your dream job. BEN is seeking a  Campaign Coordinator  to play an important role on our Influencer Brand Integration team. The ideal candidate is detail oriented, hyper organized, and feels a rush when a job is done exceptionally. We need someone who enjoys a challenge and searches out creative solutions. Candidates must be superior communicators and are adept relationship builders. If you are hungry and solution oriented, we want you! 
Who  WE  Are 
The Branded Entertainment Network (BEN) connects global brands to consumers through the power of popular entertainment. From the world-leading product integration platform to the global leader for rights clearances and representation (Greenlight), the Branded Entertainment Network helps elevate projects, amplify brands, and captivate audiences. Our team is global, with offices in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, London, Berlin, and Provo. Branded Entertainment Network is privately held company, wholly owned by Bill Gates. 
At BEN, we recognize that our employees are the key to the company’s success and work hard to maintain our incredible company culture. While BEN is a well-established organization and a recognized industry leader with a rich history of integration and licensing success stories, we have not abandoned our start-up mentality. BEN continually evolves branding strategies through artificial intelligence and predictive modeling to meet the unique needs of our clients. To that end, BEN is results-oriented, client-centric, and highly creative organization which offers candidates the opportunity to learn from the best and the brightest in this dynamic industry. BEN offers a competitive benefits package and promotes an environment which supports our core values of Empowerment, Passion, Accountability, Teamwork, and Inclusion. 
 Responsibilities 
Assist senior management team, demonstrating the highest standard of client and influencer care at all times by providing helpful and friendly white-glove service 
Become familiar with a spectrum of social media influencers, from YouTube and Instagram to Snapchat and Facebook 
Build relationships with internal teams and provide assistance and excellent brand and influencer representation for our clients at all times 
Carry out administrative tasks as delegated, including, but not limited to:
 Meeting attendance and participation, including preparing status documents 
Research on influencer industry, technology, social and gaming trends 
Creating presentations, meeting recaps, status reports and user guides 
Coordinating deliveries and shipping for department 
Reporting on campaign deliverables 
Updating CRM and data repositories 
Attend and complete compulsory training as required 
Carry out other duties which naturally fall within the reasonable expectations of the position 
 Qualifications and Skills 
Entry-level: 1-3 years of experience preferred 
Entertainment and/or gaming industry experience preferred 
Familiarity with PCs, gaming & social influencers 
Self-starter who is eager to learn and to get the job done 
Strong customer service focus with an awareness of your impact on the client experience 
Strong communications skills in person, in writing, and on the telephone – with clients, managers & team 
Ability to present ideas persuasively and passionately 
Ability and willingness to listen and learn from the experience of senior account managers 
Ability to work in a team, but also on own initiative 
Willingness to take a “hands-on” approach with respect to client materials and product 
Flexible, committed and punctual 
Able to stay calm and friendly under pressure in a busy environment BEN Group, Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job Influencer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at BEN Group in Los Angeles, CA Influencer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
