
 
 
 
 Ontology Associate - Knoxville, TN 37777 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Ontology Associate Accenture 20,663 reviews Knoxville, TN 37777 Remote Accenture 20,663 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company ACCENTURE's Flexible Workforce  solves clients’ toughest challenges by providing cross-industry expertise, unmatched innovation, World-class tech and talent. We help bring it all together to deliver tangible business outcomes for our clients with contractors and our extended workforce opportunities. Accenture is consistently recognized on FORTUNE’s 100 Best Companies to Work for and Diversity Inc’s Top 50 Companies for Diversity lists. And that's just the beginning. Now is the perfect time for you to consider opportunities through our Flexible Workforce. 
Project Description: 
Role is remote. Candidates should live within a 50 mile radius of Knoxville, TN. Ontology Associate will work side by side with a third party tech vendor in AI agent assist space, this position will assist the Ontology team to improve current client processes by reviewing data and utilizing analytical skills. 
 
Responsibilities : 
Ontology Associates will collaborate on a daily basis with 3rd party tech vendors in AI agent assist space and Accenture Annotators. 
Process and analyze data from client chats and calls 
Develop tools based on knowledge developed from that analysis 
Actively utilize critical thinking skills to determine when to seek advice or escalate issues 
Basic Qualifications : 
1 year of professional work experience with solid tenure in each role 
High proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel and Outlook and Microsoft Teams 
Preferred Machine Learning and AI experience 
Excellent critical thinking skills with the ability to make decisions 
Bonus Points If You Have : 
Bachelor’s Degree in Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning 
Keywords: Artificial Intelligence, AI, Machine learning, out of the box thinker, collaboration, agent assist, technology, client chat and call text, data, analytics 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. 
 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative, more competitive and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. 
 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
 
For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an email or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate jobs in Knoxville, TN Jobs at Accenture in Knoxville, TN Associate salaries in Knoxville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,663 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
