
 
 
 
 Post-Doctoral Research Position in Artificial Intelligence in Medical Imaging - Syracuse, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post-Doctoral Research Position in Artificial Intelligence in Medical Imaging SUNY Upstate Medical University 124 reviews Syracuse, NY SUNY Upstate Medical University 124 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  62615 
 Department:  Urology 
 Employer:  State of New York 
 Payroll Title:  Postdoctoral Associate, NSSL1 
 Bargaining Unit:  UUP (State University Professional Services Unit) 
 Salary:  Commensurate with Qualifications 
 Work type:  Full-time 
 Location:  Syracuse 
 Categories:  Science and Medical Research 
 
 Job Summary:   We seek a postdoctoral researcher to lead the efforts at Upstate Medical Center to develop novel Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems and to begin incorporating artificial intelligence systems into medical practice. The postdoctoral researcher will collaborate with a multidisciplinary team and work closely with clinical researchers to develop methods to evaluate clinical questions using artificial intelligence. There are two areas where we plan to focus our efforts: radiology (MRI, CT, ultrasound) and digital pathology. While the focus will be on developing novel diagnostic tests for risk stratification of cancer patients, the postdoctoral researcher will also be involved in developing methodologies that will assist in procedural guidance such as automated segmentation and registration techniques. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 PhD, MD or equivalent doctoral degree in one of the following: Bioinformatics, Computer Science, Medical Physics, or Engineering required. Programming background in Python required. Experience working with multidisciplinary teams. Excellence in communication skills. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Programming background in one or more of the following: C++, R, Matlab, SQL preferred. A background in Linux/Unix is also necessary. Familiarity with common frameworks including Pytorch, Tensorflow, Scikit learn are a plus. 
 
 Work Days: 
 
 Monday - Friday, Days 
 
 Message to Applicants: 
 
 Recruitment Office:   Human Resources 
 
 Executive Order:   Pursuant to Executive Order 161, no State entity, as defined by the Executive Order, is permitted to ask, or mandate, in any form, that an applicant for employment provide his or her current compensation, or any prior compensation history, until such time as the applicant is extended a conditional offer of employment with compensation. If such information has been requested from you before such time, please contact the Governor's Office of Employee Relations at  (518) 474-6988  or via email at info@goer.ny.gov. 
 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status or disability or other protected classes under State and Federal law. 
 Advertised:  Jan 22 2020 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: SUNY Upstate Medical University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Syracuse, NY Jobs at SUNY Upstate Medical University in Syracuse, NY Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Syracuse, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from SUNY Upstate Medical University 124 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
