
 
 
 
 Supply Chain & Operations – Manufacturing – Sr. Manager - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Supply Chain & Operations – Manufacturing – Sr. Manager Accenture 20,663 reviews Chicago, IL Accenture 20,663 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We Are: 
Supply Chain Industry X.O. Through deep industry expertise, analytics and insights, we empower clients to survive and thrive in the new, the now, and the unknown. To stay agile in a world dominated by change, the C-suite must keep the core business running while simultaneously identifying and investing in the new. Industry X.O advisory enables leaders to act quickly and confidently as they pivot to the future. We define Industry X.O as digital reinvention of manufacturing/engineering and believe that smart, connected digital products and assets are about to create hyper -personalized industrial experiences, completely new levels of operational efficiency and brand-new sources of revenue growth. Known for our ability to execute at speed, we help clients determine clear, actionable paths to competitive agility by bringing them new thinking on business and technology. 
 
You Are: 
A seasoned advisor with an abundance of experience in Manufacturing and Industry X.O Technologies, including leadership and management skills to spare. Your expertise Advising clients on data-driven strategies to achieve their strategic, financial, and operational goals. You have energy and drive in abundance, along with personal resilience, a passion for serving clients, and a love of continual learning. You have a flair for breaking down processes into logical parts and constructing crystal-clear reasoning and analyses—an aptitude you use to decimate problems. Communication and people skills You have both in spades, and as a manager you’re a natural at appreciating diverse perspectives and bringing out the best in teams. 
 
The Work: 
- You will support our clients across a broad range of industries to address their issues related to:- Digital Factory – Industry 4.0, IoT platform, artificial intelligence, machine learning, prescriptive maintenance, connected devices, connected workers, blockchain, etc. 
 Operating Model for Manufacturing function Manufacturing Network Design Strategic cost reduction and M&A synergies for manufacturing conversion costs 
- You will spot, isolate, and solve manufacturing problems using your skills in:- Operating model architecture – people, process technology 
 Advanced analytics – Network Optimization, Make vs Buy models, Business case models, Manufacturing Process Excellence – Planning/Scheduling, Routing Optimization, Capital projects 
- You will also, throughout your work, have opportunities to:- Lead small to medium sized teams (3-10), with diverse backgrounds skills and knowledge 
 Effectively manage and coach others, collaborating with internal and external parties Support client sales origination and thought leadership development Challenge legacy ways of working using constructive techniques that fuel client growth Drive a positive impact in the communities where we work and live 
 
 Here’s What You Need: 
 At least 8 years of manufacturing production experience in either continuous or discrete manufacturing environments At least 5 years of experience at a consulting firm assessing operations issues, developing business cases, blueprinting improvement strategies, and designing transformational improvement strategies Strong quantitative skills and analytical thinker with 2 years of prior experience in driving insights using statistics or data analysis A Bachelor’s degree 
Bonus Points if: 
 You have an MBA or equivalent graduate degree Strong financial acumen Lean or Six Sigma qualifications Prior experience in driving insights using visualization tools (i.e. Power BI, Tableau, Alteryx) and analytics tools (i.e. Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics) 
Unless expressly indicated, this position is not available in Colorado. 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Supply Chain Senior Manager jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Accenture in Chicago, IL Supply Chain Senior Manager salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,663 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
