
 
 
 
 Research Scientist AI Planning - Yorktown Heights, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Research Scientist AI Planning IBM Yorktown Heights, NY Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
IBM Research is hiring Research Scientists interesting in solving problems related to but not limited to the following: 
Combining symbolic and reinforcement learning based sequential decision making for solving real world problems at scale 
Modeling real-world problems in AI Planning or a combined reasoning+learning framework and building end-to-end systems 
Creating novel, next generation planning approaches and algorithms 
The mission of our growing group is to bring AI Automation to sequential decision making where we need to identify a few solutions in an immense space of possibilities. Our aim is to address three major challenges: 
Modeling: how to represent, extract, and learn the model 
Theory: formal definition of the computational problems 
Tooling: how to solve computational problems and building end-to-end systems 
Practical applications of our work include Data Science and ML platforms for automated AI pipeline generation, planning for cloud-based modernization of data and applications, planning and resource decision making for large scale Cloud/IT environments. 
 
As part of the IBM Research team, you will conduct world-class research on innovative technologies and solutions and publish in top-tier conferences and journals. 
 
You must be willing to work in Yorktown Heights, NY or Cambridge, MA 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Demonstrated publication records in top-tier conferences 
Proven knowledge of AI planning and planning tools 
Knowledge of RL algorithms and machine learning frameworks 
Experience using one or more popular programming languages (C/C++, Python, Java, JS, etc.) 
Technical leadership experience. 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Knowledge of using Natural Language Processing / Natural Language Understanding in a user interaction setting (e.g., for modeling user domains from either documents or user dialogue) 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 30+ days ago original job Report job Research Scientist jobs in Yorktown Heights, NY Jobs at IBM in Yorktown Heights, NY Research Scientist salaries in Yorktown Heights, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
