
 
 
 
 AI/ML- Siri Annotation Team Lead - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI/ML- Siri Annotation Team Lead Apple Austin, TX Summary 
Posted:  May 18, 2021 
Role Number: 200203136 
You’re passionate about supporting others to achieve the highest level of service in every interaction. You’re a role model and leader who advocates for their team. You’re invested in your work relationships and hold yourself and your team to a high standard of accountability. You’re naturally curious and gravitate towards tools and resources that enrich your team. If you are ready to inspire and lead, join Apple and help us leave the world better than we found it.
Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send a message, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. As an AI/ML Team Leader, you will focus on leading a team of Annotation Analysts. You will be responsible for the team’s operational success, mentoring their career growth, and collaborating cross-functionally with other internal teams. 
Key Qualifications 
Minimum 2 years experience in a people management capacity in a large or multi-site inbound contact center or similar dynamic environment supervising 15+ employees 
Experience leading in a professional environment 
Knowledge of contact center management tools, processes, procedures, and performance metrics, and can innovate and improve as needed 
Excellent influencing skills and ability to work with key business partners 
Prioritizes coaching needs and experienced in developing employees to achieve optimal results 
Able to develop coaching plans that incorporate observations and key performance trends 
Leads a standard for high-quality work by consistently meeting and exceeding performance goals 
Strong and effective written and verbal interpersonal skills with the ability to tailor your message to your audience 
Solution oriented leader who demonstrates creativity and curiosity 
Description 
As an AI/ML Annotation Team Lead, you’ll be responsible for providing daily leadership and promoting the development of 20+ Annotation Analyst team members. You are self-motivated, friendly and have a passion to support your team’s development through critical and creative thinking. You’ll identify, promote, and implement innovative ideas to meet and exceed performance and quality goals set by leadership. You will support employees’ success through establishing relationships and seeking to understand what motivates individuals. You will oversee performance management, ensuring daily, monthly, quarterly operational metrics are met. You’ll effectively execute on management and administrative tasks such as leading staff meetings, conducting regular one-on-one’s, hiring, training, and development of employee performance. You will drive operational improvements, team collaboration, and recommend innovative solutions to business challenges. You’ll establish clear and effective working relationships and communication channels with internal partners. 
Education & Experience 
BS in Mathematics/ Statistics/ Computer Science/ or equivalent experience. 
Additional Requirements 
Fluency in Spanish, French, Hebrew and/or Portuguese Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Team Leader jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Apple in Austin, TX Team Leader salaries in Austin, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
