
 
 
 
 Software and Embedded Coding Engineer - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software and Embedded Coding Engineer Penn State University 1,421 reviews University Park, PA Penn State University 1,421 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 If you are a creative individual with the ability to think outside the box, and not afraid to get your hands dirty then this motivated group might be the fit for you.
 The Vehicle Spectrum Dominance (VSD) Department within the Applied Research Laboratory (ARL) at Penn State University is seeking candidates that are highly motivated, proactive, self-starting Software Engineers, with a Computer Science/Coding Emphasis, with a desire to work in a growth area of electromagnetics and cyber disciplines.
 VSD is a newly formed department invested in the spectrum convergence missionspace. Our mission is to “Achieve and maintain superiority in full spectrum and cyberspace domains to deliver strategic and operational advantages to the warfighter, and defend and advance our national interests in the vehicle domain.” 
 
VSD is comprised of diverse engineers from a multitude of disciplines and backgrounds working together to tackle electromagnetic warfare initiatives in a number of research areas and programs to include: Vehicle/Vessel investigation; penetration and exploitation research; Signature Management; EM/EMI Profiling and EMV (Electromagnetic Vulnerability Assessment); Cyber Electromagnetic Activities (CEMA); Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning; and Offensive/Defensive Cyber Technology Development.
 This job will be filled as a level 1, level 2, or level 3 depending upon the successful candidate's competencies, education, and experience. Typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in an Engineering or Science discipline or higher, or an equivalent combination of education and experience for a level 1. Additional experience and/or education and competencies are required for higher level jobs.
 Additional responsibilities of a level 2 include:
 Conduct experiments/tests in the laboratory/field to test, prove or modify theoretical propositions on basis of research findings and experiences
 Perform and lead Software and Embedded Coding tasks within project
 Additional responsibilities of a level 3 include:
 Manage small or moderate projects
 Mentor and train employees in the development of technical, project, and business development skills
 Author or co-author papers, proposals, presentations, and reports on Software and Embedded Coding
 Requirements of these positions include:
 Experience with software programming, programming languages and development environments
 General experience with MATLAB code translation to C++ and Java
 Programming knowledge of C++, Python, Visual Basic, HTML & CSS
 Proven presentation and writing skills
 Preferred Qualifications of these positions include :
 Programing: Rust, Go, Ruby
 Experience developing code to interface to laboratory instruments via SCPI over Ethernet.
 Experience with CAN, J1939, NMEA2K
 DoD Experience, Military Background (SOCOM, CENTCOM, SOF, NSW, Information Dominance Corps, USCYBERCOM)
 Familiar with Ghidhra, IDA Pro, FTK, ENCASE tools 
 Candidates selected will be subject to a government security investigation. You must be a U.S. citizen to apply. Employment with the Applied Research Laboratory will require successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen.
 The Applied Research Laboratory (ARL) at Penn State University is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion; we believe this is central to our success as a Department of Defense designated University Affiliated Research Center (UARC). We are at our best when we draw on the talents of all parts of society, and our greatest accomplishments are achieved when diverse perspectives are part of our workforce.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Software Engineer salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,421 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
