
 
 
 
 Research Intern - Office of Applied Research - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Intern - Office of Applied Research Microsoft 7,109 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,109 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Virtual Internship 
Participation in the Research Internship Program requires that you are  physically  located in the United States or Canada for the duration of the internship. 
Research Internships at Microsoft provide a dynamic environment for research careers with a network of world-class research labs led by globally-recognized scientists and engineers. Our researchers and engineers pursue innovation in a range of scientific and technical disciplines to help solve complex challenges in diverse fields, including computing, healthcare, economics, and the environment. 
The Office of Applied Research in Microsoft seeks outstanding research interns to conduct state-of-the-art applied research. Applied research is impact-driven research. It takes experimental techniques and applies them to real world problems in a way that transforms innovation from theory into reality, advancing the state-of-the-art in the process. 
The Office of Applied Research brings together experts from Artificial Intelligence (AI), Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), and Computational Social Science (CSS). We work closely with research and product partners to help to ensure Microsoft is doing cutting edge research towards our core product interests. We are particularly interested in candidates with experience in AI (e.g., natural language processing, recommender systems, causal inference, machine learning, reinforcement learning), HCI (e.g. human-centered AI, human-in-the-loop systems, crowdsourcing, machine teaching, mixed-methods research, intelligent user interfaces) and CSS (e.g., computational sociology, social network analysis). 
Responsibilities 
Interns put inquiry and theory into practice. Alongside fellow doctoral candidates and some of the world’s best researchers, interns learn, collaborate, and network for life. Interns not only advance their own careers, but they also contribute to exciting research and development strides. During the 12-week internship, students are paired with mentors and expected to collaborate with other interns and researchers, present findings, and contribute to the vibrant life of the community. Research internships are available in all areas of research, and are offered year-round, though they typically begin in the summer. 
Qualifications 
In addition to the qualifications below, you’ll need to submit a minimum of two reference letters for this position. After you submit your application, a request for letters may be sent to your list of references on your behalf. Note that reference letters cannot be requested until after you have submitted your application, and furthermore, that they might not be automatically requested for all candidates. You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance, so they will be ready to submit your letter. 
Required Qualifications 
Must be accepted or currently enrolled in a PhD program in CS, EE or a related STEM field. 
Must have at least 1 year of experience in conducting research, writing peer-reviewed publications and software development. 
Participation in the Research Internship Program requires that you are physically located in the United States or Canada for the duration of the internship 
Preferred Qualifications 
Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions. 
Actively conducting research in at least one of the following areas: artificial intelligence, causal reasoning, data science, human-computer interaction, computational social science, information retrieval, machine learning, natural language processing, recommender systems, or reinforcement learning. 
Ability to collaborate effectively with your mentor and others in Microsoft on research projects. 
Excellent interpersonal skills, cross-group, and cross-culture collaboration skill 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Research Intern salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,109 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
