
 
 
 
 Manager, Internal Audit - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Manager, Internal Audit Sitel United States Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 Summary and Responsibilities 
 
 In this position, you will perform operational, financial, and compliance audit projects and provide internal control consulting services to organizational management and staff. You will play a significant role in ensuring the annual internal audit plan is completed on time and under budget, with emphasis on a risk-based approach. Assist management in the attainment of their objectives and always ensure organizational and professional ethical standards of all internal audit activities are carried out in compliance with The International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing (IIA) and audit work plan. 
 Design and perform integrated audits that cover the operational, financial, and information technology processes and systems, including the development of audit plans, audit programs, remediation recommendations, and reporting results. 
 Lead and develop four full-time staff auditors and provide assistance to external auditors as needed to enhance the overall audit process. 
 Collaborate with the Internal Audit Team members in timely completion of governance or risk management assessments and reporting on to global stakeholders. 
 Responsible for development of Internal Auditor (I & II), Senior Auditor technical knowledge on the audits and overall professional development including periodic performance evaluations of the staff assigned. 
 Planning and performing audits with minimal supervision and recognize and analyze control weaknesses, propose improvements, and effectively articulate those to process owners and business management. 
 Reviews audit scope, crafts audit objectives, and develops audit programs that examine high-risk areas impacting Company financial and operational business processes and systems.
 Evaluates design and operating effectiveness of internal controls, as well as assessing the adequacy of documentation and sufficiency of business records. 
 Advises on control deficiency remediation and assists business units with implementation of process and control improvements. 
 Fraud assessments and investigations, special projects, and other duties as assigned. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Minimum 4 years of internal audit/public accounting experience required.
 Minimum 2 years in leading a team. 
 Must have strong analytical skills and be proficient in spreadsheet/data processing software applications.
 Certified Public Accountant or Certified Internal Auditor-required, Certified Fraud Examiner certification is a plus. Other Certifications like CISA - is preferred and considered a plus. 
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (written & verbal) to interact with all levels of management. Knowledge of Spanish or French language is a plus. 
 Writes clearly and effectively to present factual information including relevant numerical data. 
 Experience with documenting business processes through narratives and flowcharts, evaluating internal controls, and identifying risks. 
 Experience with data analysis software, such as ACL, is a plus.
 Knowledge of COSO Framework and Governance and Risk Management.
 Strong organizational skills and prioritization abilities. 
 Listens attentively and obtains clarification when needed. 
 Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness in completing assignments. 
 Meets challenges with adaptability and resourcefulness. 
 Observes safety and security procedures. 
 Ability to travel 30%+ domestic and international. 
 
 #LI-YH1 Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Internal Auditor jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Internal Auditor salaries in United States Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
