
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellow - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Fellow Northeastern University 616 reviews Portland, ME Northeastern University 616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  506441 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus, Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Provost’s Office 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
In response to the shortage of researchers trained in AI, Northeastern seeks postdoctoral candidates from computer science and other fields related to Artificial Intelligence. 
 
Last year, Northeastern launched a pioneering research and innovation hub in AI—one that will shape the way humans and machines collaborate. Led by Dr. Usama Fayyad, the Experiential AI Institute is built around the challenges and opportunities made possible by human-machine collaboration. The institute provides a framework to design, implement, and scale AI-driven technologies in ways that make a true difference to society. Our ability to respond to the opportunities afforded to society will depend on training and building a workforce that is AI-capable. Headquartered in Portland, Maine, with the goal of growing the Maine tech economy, the Roux Institute will be the main center of activity for the Experiential AI Institute’s efforts, in addition to efforts in other campuses. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
During a two-year postdoctoral appointment, Experiential AI Postdoctoral Fellows will be mentored by members of Northeastern’s Experiential AI faculty or faculty from other colleges affiliated to the institute. Of particular interest is AI applied to cybersecurity, life sciences, healthcare informatics information retrieval, and responsible/ethical AI. 
 
After this period, at the conclusion, if successfully evaluated, may be considered for faculty and staff research appointments at the Roux Institute or at one of Northeastern’s other seven US campuses (Boston, Burlington, Charlotte, Nahant, Seattle, San Francisco, and San Jose). 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
The successful candidate should have a Ph.D. in computer science, AI, or related topics by the time of appointment. Candidates are not required to have any prior working experience. We expect postdoctoral fellows to establish and advocate for best practices in scientific reproducibility of all results, and to promote the ethical use of data and algorithms. 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 10 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Applications will be accepted and evaluated on a rolling basis, with the evaluation starting May 18, 2021; successful applicants to this program will begin their appointments on September 1, 2021 or later. 
 
Interested candidates should submit the following application materials: 
 Cover Letter: To further assist the search committee in its screening process, all cover letters should address your interest in Experiential AI, and in particular which area of research you are interested in. 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Research Statement – A statement about your research program and how it would interface with Experiential AI. Please note any relevant course or work experience in mathematics, statistics, programming, etc. (typically 2–pages, max). 
 References: Names and contact information for at least three potential recommenders. 
 
All questions can be emailed to: Professor Ricardo Baeza-Yates, Director of Research at IEAI (rbaeza-yates@northeastern.edu) 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  18 May 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 616 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
