
 
 
 
 Senior Artificial Intelligence /Machine Learning Developer - Arlington, VA 22202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Artificial Intelligence /Machine Learning Developer SAIC 2,820 reviews Arlington, VA 22202 SAIC 2,820 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job ID: 218175
 Location:  ARLINGTON , VA , US
 Date Posted:  2021-05-27 
Category:  Information Technology 
Subcategory:  Data Scientist 
Schedule:  Full-time 
Shift:  Day Job 
Travel:  No 
Minimum Clearance Required:  TS/SCI 
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:  TS/SCI with Poly 
Potential for Remote Work:  No 
 Description 
 SAIC is actively hiring a Senior Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning (ML) Developer, to work with a diverse team of analysts, linguists, cultural experts, and operations officers, focused on creating and recognizing opportunities for leveraging artificial intelligence and neural network technologies in the cyber-realm. The successful candidate hired into this position will be responsible for developing and maintaining a variety of artificial intelligence and machine learning systems in a mission-critical enterprise environment. Software and projects will have very high visibility across multiple Department of Defense and Intelligence Community entities.
 Daily responsibilities include design, coding development, training, and ongoing maintenance of a machine learning models with varying capabilities that change frequently. This position is not expected to perform systems administration functions on the cluster environment. This developer is expected to express and defend opinions and practices in technical discussions. Participation in artificial intelligence industry conferences, trade shows, and seminars is highly encouraged.
 Must have excellent communication skills and the ability to work as part of a small team, without a constant management presence. This includes the ability to defuse situations, and to deal with individuals who might not fully understand the technology. Works in a team of various government, SAIC, and subcontractor personnel. Travel outside the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area is less than 5%. Facility is located near Metro and VRE.
 Successful candidates will be able to provide samples of past work, including documentation, dataflow diagrams, data dictionaries, and process flow charts. Samples may be in any format, and may include images, web sites, source code, and any other applicable medium. All interviews will be conducted at the UNCLASSIFIED level. This position is perfect for a developer with insatiable curiosity regarding bleeding edge technologies, and the ability to turn that curiosity into effective software. 
 
Qualifications 
 REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 
 Minimum fifteen (15) years of experience with a Bachelor’s Degree in software engineering/development or artificial intelligence/neural networks is preferred, but not required. This team values experience and a proven track record over educational credentials. 
 Demonstrated ability to develop machine learning models using foundation APIs and applicable computer programming languages – python, java, javascript, etc. 
 Demonstrated ability to inject various types of data (with and without prior normalization) into machine learning models for training and evaluation purposes. 
 Demonstrated knowledge and development ability using the NVIDIA CUDA API. 
 Must be conversant in deep learning/machine learning constructs. 
 Ability to develop ad-hoc computer programs using both interpreted and compiled programming languages, depending on applicability. 
 Ability to produce quality professional documentation for software developed. 
 Ability to troubleshoot machine learning models in real time, without causing additional downtime. 
 Ability to describe various types of machine learning models, and to readily identify which is the most effective for a given dataset or desired output. 
 Must be able to work independently toward a defined goal with minimal management direction. 
 Must be comfortable operating within the software development lifecycle. 
 Knowledge of rules and procedures for handling government classified and proprietary information, and experience working within a secure facility. 
 
 DESIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 
 Ability to build machine learning models using frameworks such as MATLAB is a strong plus. 
 Experience developing on Red Hat Linux (or any other Linux platform). 
 Knowledge of natural language processing and real-time text language analysis is a plus. 
 Knowledge of TCP/IP and socket programming constructs for data acquisition. 
 Knowledge of ingesting, examining, and manipulating photographs or images. 
 Experience developing Generative Adversarial Networks is a very strong plus. 
 Knowledge of military organization and unit structure. 
 Working knowledge of popular, legacy, and new social media, blog sites, mobile applications, deep web and dark web. 
 Active/Recent CI Poly 
 
 REQUIRED SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Active Top Secret Clearance with SCI eligibility on day one (PR within 6 years); willingness to take AND Ability pass a polygraph 
 
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all. SAIC 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at SAIC in Arlington, VA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SAIC SAIC 2,820 reviews SAIC® is a premier Fortune 500® technology integrator driving our nation’s technology transformation. Our robust portfolio of offerings a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
