
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Software and Systems Architect - Baltimore, MD 21220 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Software and Systems Architect LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,608 reviews Baltimore, MD 21220 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,608 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) Artificial Intelligence (AI) team is seeking motivated engineers with a strong background in software and systems architecture of artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions to support the RMS AI team and product portfolio.
 
 
The RMS AI Engineering & Technology team is passionate about a broad range of projects from research & development to prototype development, culminating in deployment of our products to customers. We are on the cutting edge, inserting AI into defense systems, delivered through our AI Software Factory. This role will get a unique mix with research, prototype development, and software to hardware toolchain development all within the domain of AI / ML programs.
 
 
The RMS AI team has an immediate opportunity for a dynamic, hardworking, motivated engineer who wants to join our team. If you have an interest and passion for making AI / ML real, come and be a part of our team. At Lockheed Martin, we are driven by innovation and integrity, and we are excited to bring cutting edge technology to our customers & their missions.
 
 
This role is responsible for defining the architecture of AI / ML solutions for our customers technologies and products. This requires engagement in every phase of the system development lifecycle including: requirements generation, system and software design, implementation, integration & test, and verification & validation. Activities will range from low TRL research, development of prototypes, building demos, and transitioning to production. This role will be encouraged to provide architectural mentorship on or across teams, inclusive of hardware, software, and systems and will make decisions on how solutions will be integrated to meet customer requirements. This requires both breadth and depth of expertise to create, recommend, and approve designs.
 
 
This role is expected to have experience developing solutions with the latest in current AI paradigms, algorithms, and models (e.g. deep learning, reinforcement learning, computer vision); developing these techniques in relevant domains to tackle sophisticated problems and create innovative solutions. This also requires a candidate to maintain awareness of emerging analytics, AI / ML, and domain-specific technologies. This role may be based at any RMS site, or remotely via telecommuting depending on program needs. 
 
This job is aligned with our 21st Century Warfare (21CWFAIA) initiative to help the U.S. and its allies leverage emerging technologies to deter threats to economic prosperity and national security. 
 
In addition to the responsibilities highlighted above we offer extensive benefits to include competitive 401k and insurance. We remain an equal opportunity company. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Experience developing and deploying AI/ML systems
 
Experience developing software architectures (UML, microservices / services architectures, etc.) 
Experience and knowledge of Systems Engineering life cycle process and tools (e.g. Cameo, SysML, DOORs, model based systems engineering) 
DevOps experience including CI/CD pipelines to build, test, deploy 
Strong problem solving mindset: Ability to develop create solutions to difficult problems often requiring integration of conflicting and, at times, ambiguous or incomplete data on a fast-paced schedule 
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex design information, technical decision and issues to both highly technical and non-technical peers 
Ability to build and maintain relationships, collaborate with others, engage in constructive conflict, and manage interpersonal dynamics 
Comfortable working in a fast paced and dynamic multi-disciplinary environment 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Baltimore, MD Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Baltimore, MD Software Architect salaries in Baltimore, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,608 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
