
 
 
 
 Customer Success Associate (Remote) - Oakland, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Customer Success Associate (Remote) Customer Lobby Oakland, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description You:
 
Are a highly motivated and driven Customer Success Associate looking to make an impact. You are a self-starter who can work well under pressure and balance competing priorities in a fun, results-oriented work environment. Your professional demeanor would immediately gain the respect and trust of our service business owner clients. You’re the first one in your family to figure out any new technology and enjoy teaching others how to use it. Since you will be responsible for the customer success and retention needs of our clients, you’ll need to love helping customers succeed and finding the “win-win” outcome in any customer interaction.
 Us:
 
At Customer Lobby, an EverCommerce company, we provide the leading automated customer communication SaaS product focused on small businesses. Our automated retention & marketing software analyzes our clients’ data, uses artificial intelligence to predict customers who will need service soon, and reaches out to their customers with personalized postcards and emails. We are seeing explosive success in a market that technology has often left behind, and feel proud to be helping services businesses grow.
 Where:
 Customer Lobby is headquartered in downtown Oakland, just above the 12th St. BART station. While our preference is for someone to based out of our Oakland office, this role can be based 100% remotely anywhere in the U.S. You must be eligible to work for any U.S.-based company to qualify this role; no visa transfers or sponsorships are available at this time. Please note that our offices are still closed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Key Responsibilities:
 Be the first point of contact with our customers, answering their calls and emails to ensure they are successful using our product
 Troubleshoot and work as Tier 1 support for all general customer support issues
 Proactively reach out to customers to remove barriers - troubleshoot basic tech problems, update credit cards, etc.
 Identify opportunities to upsell - notice clients who have needs that our products can help address
 Act as a consultant to the small businesses we work with - advise them on best practices for marketing to their customers and increasing their business
 Support Customer Success Managers on an as-needed basis
 Skills and Experience:
 1-2 years of Customer Success, Account Management, Sales, or similar experience
 Desire to be part of a fast-paced team
 Customer service orientation - you love helping people
 Not afraid of a little healthy competition - be it with your teammates or with yourself
 Organized and detail oriented
 Great on the phone - friendly, empathetic, a good listener
 Salesforce, Excel, G-suite experience is a plus
 Bonus points if you have experience in marketing, sales, or the Software/SaaS industry
 Benefits & Perks:
 Competitive salary and the opportunity to earn additional commission for hitting your goals
 Robust health and wellness benefits
 401k with match
 Start with 17 days off, 10 holidays, and a day off to volunteer each year
 Monthly company paid activities (i.e. happy hour, parties, etc.)
 Fitness and wellness stipend
 EverCommerce is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We look forward to reviewing your credentials and getting to know more about your experience! EverCommerce 25 days ago original job Report job Customer Success Manager jobs in Oakland, CA Jobs at Customer Lobby in Oakland, CA Customer Success Manager salaries in Oakland, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
