
 
 
 
 Customer Support Agent (1) - Pasadena, CA 91101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Support Agent (1) Miso Robotics Pasadena, CA 91101 Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Company 
Miso Robotics is transforming the restaurant industry and making a real impact on the world. 
Miso Robotics is writing an epic new story for the restaurant industry. We've developed a robotic kitchen assistant, Flippy, that can perform a variety of kitchen tasks including flipping burgers and running the deep fryer. Our product is a robotic arm on a rail that fits into existing kitchens along existing cook lines and is designed to work with existing equipment alongside kitchen workers. Under the hood, Flippy relies on our platform which combines deep learning and other computer vision technologies with optimization-based scheduling and nonlinear control to adapt quickly to a variety of kitchen workflows, while achieving graceful and efficient motion. 
The challenge of bringing robotics into commercial kitchens requires many disciplines to come together. The compositions of teams at Miso Robotics reflect this multidisciplinary nature of our work. We have built a world-class team and we are looking for more exceptional people to join us. If you believe, like we do, that the future of the kitchen involves robotics and artificial intelligence (HINT: It definitely does) and if you want to count yourself among the handful of lucky people who've found themselves with the opportunity to solve this problem, then Miso Robotics might be the right place for you! 
The Role 
You will be the first point of contact to our external customers that are looking for support. You will be responsible for ensuring ongoing customer satisfaction and that the problem will be resolved efficiently to the satisfaction of both internal and external customers. 
What You’ll Do 
Provide quick and friendly first-level support for customers through the user interface, phone, and email. 
Proactively monitor all systems: review usage of production systems; record and resolve issues that occur. 
Learn and understand the different errors that can occur with the kitchen assistants, and how to clear the errors to resume normal functioning. 
Respond to and resolve a wide variety of hardware and software issues and requests. 
Interact with our customers in a manner that maintains the throughput of kitchens and respects the cooks. 
When necessary, remote control the robotic arm to clear issues and resume normal functioning. 
Document issues, accurately diagnose and resolve, or escalate helpdesk tickets. 
After hours and weekend support, both onsite and phone as necessary. 
What You Need in Order to Succeed in this Role 
Experience with Monitoring solutions, Diagnostic tools, incident/ticketing systems for tracking Service Desk tickets 
Understanding of basic Linux systems commands 
Some practice with basic scripting and programming 
Experience working on deployments in a live environment is a plus 
Previous Network Operations Center (NOC) experience is strongly preferred 
The ability to multitask and to work well within a team environment while keeping the customers' needs as a priority at all times. 
Adept at reading and interpreting technical documentation and procedure manuals. 
Displays strong customer service and interpersonal skills. 
Is detail-oriented and a proficient written and oral communicator. 
A tireless problem-solver that is resilient and solution-oriented under pressure. 
Punctual and reliable. Can work independently. 
Other Requirements: 
Strong problem solving capability. 
Superb verbal and written communication skills 
Ability to collaborate effectively with a diverse team and navigate complex decision making. 
Willingness to read the documentation and do the research to create the highest quality solution. 
Great at managing multiple tasks and getting stuff done in a fast paced environment. 
Strong analytical skills and ability to learn at hyperspeed. 
Strong attention to detail, analytical skills and ability to learn at hyperspeed. 
Obsession with clarity. 
Prolonged periods sitting at a desk and working on a computer. 
Ability to work in our HQ in Pasadena, CA, or remotely. 
 QlQVjIVe8X Miso Robotics 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Customer Service Representative jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at Miso Robotics in Pasadena, CA Customer Service Representative salaries in Pasadena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Miso Robotics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
