
 
 
 
 Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning - Raleigh, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning North Carolina State University 1,092 reviews Raleigh, NC North Carolina State University 1,092 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenured Full Job Description Posting Number   PG190118EP 
 
 Internal Recruitment  No 
 
 Working Title   Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
 
 Anticipated Hiring Range   Commensurate with experience/education 
 
 Work Schedule   Varies 
 
 Job Location   Raleigh, NC 
 
 Department  Computer Science-engr 
 
 About the Department 
 The Department of Computer Science is an academic, teaching, and research department in the College of Engineering. It is a large and complex unit that encompasses research intensive, teaching intensive, and professional activities. It is one of the largest such departments in the nation in the terms of numbers of faculty and students, and its total budget and size are comparable to, or larger than, a number of NC State University Colleges and Divisions. 
 
 Essential Job Duties 
 The Department of Computer Science invites applications for the Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning position. The candidate will demonstrate a solid record as a researcher, teacher, and thought leader in Artificial Intelligence. The candidate will have worldwide recognition and stature, indicated by a record that includes supervision of doctoral and postdoctoral research, influential publications, impact on practice, and service to the community. Participation in both undergraduate and graduate instruction will be expected. Ability to attract external funding for and conduct research programs supportive of the Department’s areas of strengths (including Software Engineering, Security, Systems, Networking, Data Driven Sciences, Geospatial Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Games) on a continued basis. Direct graduate student research in the different areas of Computer Science. The Distinguished Professor will assist in curriculum planning; create and deliver new classes, and engage in research, consulting, and outreach activities. 
 
 Other Responsibilities 
 Other duties as assigned 
 
 Minimum Education and Experience 
 Candidates must possess a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or a related field with an emphasis on Artificial Intelligence. 
 
Candidates must have demonstrated the potential to build a strong research program and must have an excellent teaching record. 
 
 Other Required Qualifications 
 Candidates should possess excellent teaching skills and an ability to attract external funding for and conduct research programs supportive of the Department’s areas of strength (including Software Engineering, Security, Systems Networking, Data Driven Sciences, Geospatial Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Games). Excellent verbal and writing skills are required. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Exceptional candidates in the Artificial Intelligence area will be considered. 
 
Successful candidate must have a strong commitment to academic and research excellence, and an outstanding research record commensurate with the expectations of a major research university. 
 
 Required License(s) or Certification(s) 
 n/a 
 
 Valid NC Driver's License required   No 
 
 Commercial Driver's License required   No 
 
 Job Open Date   09/03/2019 
 
 Anticipated Close Date 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 In addition to your application, please submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, contact information for at least 3 professional references, a research statement, and a teaching statement. 
 
 Position Number   00106096 
 
 Position Type   Tenured/Tenure-Track Faculty 
 
 Full Time Equivalent (FTE) (1.0 = 40 hours/week)   1.0 
 
 Appointment   12 Month Recurring 
 
 Mandatory Designation - Adverse Weather   Non Mandatory - Adverse Weather 
 
 Mandatory Designation - Emergency Events   Non Mandatory - Emergency Event 
 
 Is this position partially or fully funded on ARRA stimulus monies?   No 
 
 Department ID   141901 - Computer Science-engr 
 
 AA/EOE 
 NC State University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, age, sexual orientation, genetic information, status as an individual with a disability, or status as a protected veteran. 
 
If you have general questions about the application process, you may contact Human Resources at  (919) 515-2135  or workatncstate@ncsu.edu. Individuals with disabilities requiring disability-related accommodations in the application and interview process, please call 919-515-3148. 
 
Final candidates are subject to criminal & sex offender background checks. Some vacancies also require credit or motor vehicle checks. If highest degree is from an institution outside of the U.S., final candidates are required to have their degree equivalency verified at www.wes.org or equivalent service. Degree(s) must be obtained prior to start date in order to meet qualifications and receive credit. 
 
NC State University participates in E-Verify. Federal law requires all employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States. North Carolina State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Raleigh, NC Jobs at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, NC Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Raleigh, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from North Carolina State University 1,092 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
