
 
 
 
 Autonomy and Artificial Intelligence Model Based Systems Engineer - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomy and Artificial Intelligence Model Based Systems Engineer Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE’s Artificial Intelligence and Autonomous Systems (AIAS) Department has a new opportunity for a strong technical candidate with a STEM degree to join an innovative team of engineers focused on development of autonomous systems and AI solutions for sponsor needs and developing robotics capabilities for a safer world. The right candidate will enjoy a fast-paced team environment and working with cutting-edge technology. The candidate for this position will work a wide variety of challenging activities in direct support of sponsor programs and will support MITRE’s AI and autonomy efforts.
 Responsibilities include:
 Understand MBSE and how requirements generation and system design practices can be incorporated into autonomous systems and AI development
 Evaluate sponsor projects, missions, and use cases to implement requirements creation and MBSE best practices on projects
 Work and/or lead teams to implement and evaluate autonomy/AI algorithms on robotics hardware and cloud-based computing environments
 Evaluate autonomy and AI solutions/test tools and compare to sponsor requirements and needs.
 Qualifications:
 Basic Qualification:
 Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Engineering Physics, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, or Software Engineering, or similar field
 At least 5 years of professional experience and advanced degree
 Understand the breadth of autonomous systems across different domains (DoD, Services, Intelligence Community, DHS, Industry and Academia)
 Familiarity with robotics-relevant fields, such as computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, planning, human machine teaming, and multi-robot systems
 Experience in systems engineering, requirements development, and Model Based Systems Engineering
 Familiarity with the state of the art in the field.
 Knowledge of the challenges of developing autonomous and AI systems
 Requirements / must have for consideration:
 Must be a US citizen able to obtain and maintain a US government clearance **
 Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word
 Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills
 Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with the ability to foster relationship development with sponsors
 Preferred:
 Advanced degree in technical field of study
 U.S. Citizen with active/current DoD Secret Clearance
 Knowledge of systems engineering techniques and how they can be applied to robotics, autonomous systems, and AI technologies
 Experience leading either technical or project teams, or serving as a direct supervisor
 Familiarity with cloud-based computing systems, especially in context of CI/CD implementations and automated unit testing
 Experience using modern MBSE tools (Rhapsody, Cameo, etc…)
 Experience analyzing requirements and system designs and using modern Systems Engineering toolchains (DOORS, JIRA, etc…)
 Experience AI/Autonomy performance metrics/measures, KPPs, KSAs, etc.
 Experience with object-oriented programming languages such as C++ and python
 Knowledge of software engineering practices such as continuous integration, source control, software testing
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 Secret
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Modeling Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Modeling Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
