
 
 
 
 Full Time Opportunities for PhD Students & Recent Graduates - Software Engineering - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Time Opportunities for PhD Students & Recent Graduates - Software Engineering Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Software Engineer - PHD 
Software engineers (SWEs) work with teammates to solve problems and build innovative software solutions. You are passionate about customers and product quality, and you provide technical guidance to Program Managers as they consider user needs and product requirements. You will also be expected to demonstrate an ability to learn and adopt relevant new technologies, tools, methods and processes to leverage in your solutions. 
We're looking for PHD engineers who will bring their unique PHD perspective and are eager to apply their education to a product team. We need our engineers to be leaders, be versatile, and to be enthusiastic to take on new problems. As a SWE, you are dedicated to building software to empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. #Research 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
A PhD degree in Computer Science or related technical field, and will be graduating within the next 12 months or have graduated within the last 12 months. 
Examples of coding in one of the following programming languages including but not limited to: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, or Python. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Ability to demonstrate understanding of algorithms, data structures and other systems architecture factors that affect code quality, performance and customer experience. 
Some experience building software outside of the classroom environment like an internship, hackathon, research project or related experience preferred. 
Research experience in Algorithms, Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Compilers, Database, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Networking, or Systems. 
Some experience in Object Oriented Programming. 
Demonstrated skill in time management and completing software projects in a cooperative team environment 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Software Developer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
