
 
 
 
 Senior Actuarial Analyst - Property & Casualty - San Francisco, CA 94108 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Actuarial Analyst - Property & Casualty Milliman 121 reviews San Francisco, CA 94108 Temporarily remote Milliman 121 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Details 
 Description 
 Short Description 
 
The Senior Actuarial Analyst position is responsible for performing various levels of analysis related to our client projects. The ideal candidate is a critical thinker who possesses strong communication and organizational skills, and is committed to the actuarial exam process. This position also requires strong technical skills to pair with creative problem solving skills to assist on a wide variety of consulting projects. The nature of the projects will vary widely throughout the year. We do traditional actuarial work such as ratemaking, predictive modeling and reserving, plus a variety of special projects. 
 
Detailed Description 
 
Independent for over 70 years, Milliman delivers market-leading services & solutions to clients worldwide. Today, we are helping companies take on some of the world’s most critical & complex issues, including retirement funding & healthcare financing, risk management & regulatory compliance, data analytics & business transformation. 
 
Through a team of professionals ranging from actuaries to clinicians, technology specialists to plan administrators, we offer unparalleled expertise in employee benefits, investment consulting, healthcare, life insurance & financial services, and property & casualty insurance. 
 
Who We Are 
 
Our office focuses on applying advanced actuarial techniques to develop innovative insurance products for traditional & start-up insurers, as well as the associated state regulatory rate filing support. We are thought leaders in climate change, artificial intelligence, telematics, and other leading-edge research. We work on some of today’s most important insurance problems, including modernizing flood insurance and addressing the wildfire crisis in California. We also do traditional actuarial work such as ratemaking, reserving, predictive modeling & competitive analysis, plus a variety of special projects. 
 
Role 
 
On a typical assignment, a Senior Analyst would be responsible for: 
 
 Developing analytical methods & calculations 
 Supervising the inputting & manipulating of data 
 Performing predictive modeling, financial, trend or forecasting analysis 
 Preparing & submitting state regulatory filing support 
 Contributing to the vision of a given project 
 Checking work for technical accuracy 
 Supervising actuarial analysts 
 Complying with quality control guidelines 
 Qualifications 
 
Required: 
 
 A college degree, preferably in data science, actuarial science, mathematics, statistics, economics, or other quantitative major 
 4-7 Exams of the Casualty Actuarial Society (CAS) 
 2-8 years’ experience in actuarial work. Property/casualty personal lines experience strongly preferred but not required 
 Technically proficient in Excel 
 SAS, R or SQL programming experience strongly preferred 
 Experience in property/casualty actuarial ratemaking &/or state regulatory filing strongly preferred 
 
 Desired: 
 
 Service oriented 
 Quick learner 
 Team player 
 Good with detail 
 Excellent written & oral communication skills 
 Good project management skills 
 Milliman Benefits 
 
At Milliman, we focus on creating an environment that recognizes – & meets – the personal & professional needs of the individual. We offer a competitive benefits package which includes: 
 
 Medical, dental & vision coverage for employees & their families, including eligible domestic partners 
 A 401(k) plan with matching program 
 Paid Parental Leave up to 12 weeks 
 Profit sharing as a discretionary contribution to employees’ retirement accounts 
 Paid Time Off (PTO) starts accruing on the first day of work & can be used for any reason 
 Adoption assistance 
 Milliman covers 100% of the premiums for life insurance, AD&D, & both short term & long term disability coverage 
 Flexible spending accounts allow employees to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for dependent care, transportation & applicable medical needs 
 Office: 
 
Milliman is a firm of consultants & actuaries serving the full spectrum of business, governmental & financial organizations. This position is located in Milliman’s San Francisco office. The office is currently closed due to COVID and will be remote until the office reopens. The San Francisco, CA office houses one of the largest casualty actuarial consulting practices on the West Coast. Our San Francisco office is located in the Financial District, an easy walk from BART & most commuter bus lines. 
 
Compensation: 
 
The base salary for the position will vary with the candidate’s qualifications & experience. In addition, we offer a significant performance-based bonus plan, profit sharing, & generous benefits. We also offer a full study program for actuarial students that are progressing towards their FCAS designation. 
 
Milliman is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Milliman is fully committed to the maximum utilization of all human resources & the goals of Equal Employment Opportunity & Affirmative Action. We recruit, hire, train, promote, & consider qualified applicants for employment, in all job titles without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, creed, familial status, genetic information, marital status, national origin, political ideology, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as an individual with a disability, or veteran status, including qualified disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, & active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans; & shall not discriminate against any individual, or any other characteristic protected by law. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 
 Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities 
 The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) Milliman 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Actuary jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Milliman in San Francisco, CA Actuary salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Milliman Milliman 121 reviews Founded in 1947, we are an independent risk management, benefits and technology firm with offices in major cities around the globe. We se... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
