
 
 
 
 Sr. Staff Development Engineer (MEMS) - Livermore, CA 94551 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Staff Development Engineer (MEMS) FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews Livermore, CA 94551 FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. SR. STAFF DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER 
 FormFactor, Inc. 
Livermore, CA 
 We live in a mobile driven world where technology is constantly improving. Semiconductor manufacturers need a partner as they pioneer and drive the most advanced integrated circuits (ICs) ever made. FormFactor is the world’s leading supplier of semiconductor test and measurement products used to test the ICs that power the majority of smart phones and tablets on the planet, as well as electronic systems used in computing, consumer, automotive, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and other applications. We are a big company with a small time feel. Working at FormFactor gives you the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology, have a direct influence on next generation products hitting the market and drive the overall growth and development of the semiconductor industry. 
 We are a fast-paced, agile, growing company that values diversity of thought and constantly strives for a more diverse, inclusive environment. We are looking for enthusiastic, talented individuals who can thrive in a changing and challenging environment. 
 
 PURPOSE 
 The MEMS development engineer will work in our world-class MEMS wafer fabrication facility and interface with various process modules to develop new process. This position is responsible for the new process development and the next generation spring development 
 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Develop next generation MEMS products and new process development and process transfer to HVM. 
 Explore new process, new material and innovative process capability for next generation MEMS spring invention. 
 
 EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIRED 
 MS + 8 years or PhD +5 years in MEMS, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Material Science or a related Engineering fields. 
 A minimum of 5 years of MEMS process integration, program management, and MEMS process development and transfer, with a proven record of problem solving and releasing manufacturing processes to high-volume capability. 
 Expert knowledge of MEMS process integration and the interaction of process, design, materials, and reliability. 
 Direct experience in one or more of the following module areas: Lithography, Thin Films, Etch, Plating and Planarization. 
 Experience in semiconductor or MEMS research/development and manufacturing environments. 
 Strong communication, data analysis, and design of experiment skills are required. 
 Ability to demonstrate the use of FMEA, Root-cause Analysis (RCA), SPC, DOE, and data analysis. Matlab, JMP, AutoCAD, MS Excel experience preferred. 
 Finite element simulation and design experience with SolidWorks & Ansys is a plus. 
 Experience with structured problem solving tools such as 8D 
 
 FormFactor is committed to providing a work environment where everyone is treated with dignity and respect. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and are committed to compliance with all Federal, State, and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, sex (including breastfeeding and related conditions), gender (including gender identity and gender expression), national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, religion, physical or mental disability, marital status, registered domestic partner status, medical condition, military or veteran status, genetic characteristics or information, or any other legally protected characteristic. These protections extend to all employment and management decisions including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotions, pay practices, benefits, disciplinary actions and terminations, and all other terms and conditions of employment. FormFactor, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Staff Engineer jobs in Livermore, CA Jobs at FormFactor in Livermore, CA Senior Staff Engineer salaries in Livermore, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FormFactor, Inc. FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews At FormFactor, it’s not enough just to make revolutionary products.  We also strive to be a great place to work.  We demonstrate our comm... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
