
 
 
 
 RF Planning Engineer - Schaumburg, IL 60173 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications RF Planning Engineer Verizon Schaumburg, IL 60173 When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 Join Verizon as we continue to expand our industry-leading network to improve the ways people, businesses, and things connect. Verizon is positioned to lead the “Fourth Industrial Revolution” (4IR) with the emergence of technologies like our best-in-class 5G network and the Internet of Things (IoT) to impact a wide variety of industries such as healthcare, education, manufacturing, public safety, government, and many others. We are in the midst of historic breakthroughs in connectivity and mobility to blend the physical and the digital through cutting-edge technologies such as virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, nanotechnologies, 3D printing, wearables, and advanced robotics. As part of this team, you will play a critical role in our network transformation through building a unified network across all lines of business and maintaining the technology that keeps millions of our customers connected. 
Managing search area issuance, candidate assessment, and approvals. 
Partnering with System Performance to improve various network KPIs. 
Using internal tools to process regulatory compliance. 
Working on new cell sites, making sure the site is properly integrated into the network and optimized for peak performance. 
Performing Macro/Small Cell design/In Building design, including antenna selection and placement. 
Creating designs for macro cell, small cell, and modifications to these network elements. 
Working with other engineering groups on solution implementation. 
Mentoring junior engineers. 
Assisting and leading special projects. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You'll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Two or more years of relevant work experience. 
Experience RF design and optimization. 
Willingness to travel. 
A valid Driver's License. 
Even better if you have: 
A degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, or computer science. 
Knowledge of RF theory and practice, as well as LTE/VoL/5G technology. 
Experience in design & optimization of LTE/VoLTE/5G networks. 
Knowledge of propagation modeling software such as Planet EV or Atoll. 
Knowledge of LTE network KPIs and key parameters. 
Experience with Model Tuning. 
Knowledge of various RF tools such as Mapinfo or post processing software. 
Knowledge of SQL scripting or VB Scripting. 
Knowledge of Excel, including VB macro creation and worksheet manipulation. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 30+ days ago original job Report job Rf Engineer jobs in Schaumburg, IL Jobs at Verizon in Schaumburg, IL Rf Engineer salaries in Schaumburg, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
