
 
 
 
 Application Architect, Business Systems - Windsor Locks, CT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Architect, Business Systems Collins Aerospace 2,957 reviews Windsor Locks, CT Remote Collins Aerospace 2,957 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Collins Aerospace 
 Job ID  01446782 
 Most Recent Date Posted  05/05/2021 
 City  Windsor Locks 
 State  Connecticut 
 Country  United States 
 Date Posted: 
2021-05-03-07:00 
Country: 
United States of America 
Location: 
01: Building 01 Windsor Locks One Hamilton Road, Windsor Locks, CT, 06096 USA 
The Digital Technology Engineering is looking for a highly motivated Application Architect responsible for solution design of engineering applications. This role will work closely with engineering customers, vendor subject matter experts, enterprise architects and infrastructure to design and manage impactful changes to the Collins enterprise engineering tool portfolio. Enterprise Tools consists of Electrical CAD, Mechanical CAD, ALM, PLM, analysis, and math software tools. Our digital focus is geared towards transforming our engineering tools and services to help our employees and customers. 
This individual can work at any Collins Aerospace domestic location or remote. 
Primary Responsibilities: 
Administration and support of engineering applications, with a focus on Electrical CAD and Analysis applications. 
Support for enterprise PLM systems, with emphasis on CAD integrations. 
Work with engineering to define, test and implement new or upgraded engineering applications in support of business initiatives. 
Interact with the end customer on technical issues which require subject matter expert support. Drive issues to closure. 
Support migrations between engineering applications/systems. 
Support definition and implementation of enterprise level synergy projects targeting common engineering applications and processes across the organization. 
Work with Engineering, Digital Technology, and software vendors to define application and infrastructure roadmaps for engineering applications. 
Ensure compliance to Security and Global Trade Policies. 
Basic Qualifications: 
This position requires a Bachelor’s degree in the appropriate discipline and 5 years of relevant experience or an Advanced degree in the appropriate discipline and 3 years of relevant experience. In the absence of a degree, 9 years of relevant experience is required. 
Must be a U.S. Person/Permanent Resident “Green Card” holder. 
Must be willing and able to travel 15%-20% of the time. 
Experience with engineering design processes. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with Mentor EDM/Xpedition, Hyperlynx, Valor, and Cadence EDM. 
Familiarity with Teamcenter and Enovia PLM systems. 
Familiarity with Oracle and SQL databases. 
Experience with engineering tool administration. 
Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. 
Do you want to be part of a new, exciting initiative to combine foundational IT with new digital technologies? Our Digital Technology team is driving business efficiencies and a better customer experience by connecting technologies, people, information and processes. From making aircraft more electric, intelligent and integrated to building new software platforms such as Internet of Things, big data, artificial intelligence, and blockchain, there’s no better place to be right now than in digital. If you’re an agile thinker who enjoys utilizing modern technology to make big improvements, then you’re a perfect fit for this team. Join Collins Aerospace to help us revolutionize the aerospace industry today! 
Collins Aerospace Diversity & Inclusion Statement: 
Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success . We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. 
WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. 
Some of our competitive benefits package includes:
 Medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees 
Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option 
Tuition reimbursement 
Life insurance and disability coverage 
Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal 
Ovia Health, fertility and family planning 
Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions 
Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You 
Autism Benefit 
Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits 
Adoption Assistance 
Best Doctors, second opinion program 
 And more! 
Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. 
Note: 
Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) 
Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year 
At Collins, the paths we pave together lead to limitless possibility. And the bonds we form – with our customers and with each other - propel us all higher, again and again.
 Apply now and be part of the team that’s redefining aerospace, every day. 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal  Opportunity/Affirmative  Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. 
Privacy Policy and Terms: 
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms Raytheon 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Windsor Locks, CT Jobs at Collins Aerospace in Windsor Locks, CT Software Architect salaries in Windsor Locks, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Collins Aerospace Collins Aerospace 2,957 reviews From the smallest details to the highest pursuits, Collins Aerospace is dedicated to redefining aerospace. 

With our customers, we rel... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
