
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Analyst - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Business Intelligence Analyst Micron Boise, ID Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
 
Req. ID: 262949 
 
As a Business Intelligence Analyst (BIA) in the Digital Supply Chain team, you will be part of an Agile project team focused on driving data analytic initiatives in the automation of a digital supply chain. You will analyze and provide insights to our data and information platforms utilizing traditional analytic and predictive techniques to guide the business. In this role, you will facilitate the collection of data analytic requirements and translate them to functional specifications for our technical development team. 
 
Primary Responsibilities 
Solution Delivery 
Conduct in-depth interviews of business partners to collect, analyze, and determine data and analytics requirements for the associated functional areas. 
Conduct analysis of findings and offer recommendations and insights to leaders and managers based on results. 
Document user stories, requirements and acceptance criteria for refinement by development team. 
Guide development of BI solutions to align with the requirements of the business partners. 
Execute integration testing and facilitate user testing (including communication, training and coordination of defect resolution). 
Provide timely communication of progress on projects and business-as-usual requests with the GSC organization and other business function areas. 
 
Data Analysis 
Identify and analyze available reporting data (in source system or data warehouse) and ensure alignment to business process, data quality and requirements. 
Explore opportunities to drive correlation to business problems through data analysis. 
Carry out quality assessment of data, data reports and the accompanying decisions. 
Generate summary and specified dashboard accounts which represent operational data in brief and intelligible format, suitable for the target audience, which includes business partners, management leadership, department managers and directors. 
hIdentify internal and external industry benchmarks & trends (related to analytics) and share with business partners & leadership. 
 
Business Partnerships 
Develop an understanding of business processes and the data behind those metrics that drive the business forward. 
Build and maintain relationships with key business partners to ensure the information requirements are relevant and actionable. 
 
Job Requirements 
Qualified candidates will have: 
Experience in business analysis with emphasis on business intelligence, data warehousing and advanced analytics projects. 
Demonstrated skills in SQL 
Knowledge of Business Intelligence design principles and BI tools like Microsoft BI tool stack (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS), Tableau, etc. 
Strong analytical, problem solving and organizational skills 
Ability to work well in a dynamic, fast-changing environment that requires a high degree of multitasking with minimal supervision. 
A strong analytics background, good oral and written communication, problem solving, teamwork and consensus building skills. 
Command skills to tackle tough challenges and face adversity head on. 
 
Desired Skills: 
Experience in dashboard and reporting design using Tableau, Microsoft Integration Services, Analysis Services or Reporting Services, Data Science. 
Knowledge in supply chain management and/or business intelligence. 
Experience in SAP ECC, APO, BW and/or Hana. 
 
Education 
BA/BS Degree in Business with a focus in Business Intelligence or Supply Chain, Information Systems / Information Technology, Computer Science or related field of study 
 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Supply Chain || Experienced || Regular || Supply Chain/Logistics || #LI-CM1 || Tier 4 || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Boise, ID Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
