
 
 
 
 Senior Service Engineer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Service Engineer Microsoft 7,139 reviews United States Microsoft 7,139 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you excited about working directly with Microsoft customers and partners to ensure success as they move forward with cloud computing? Do you want to be part of an engineering team that is enabling customers to get better insights from their data assets? 
We are the FastTrack for Azure Data Engineering team within the Azure Customer Experience (CXP) organization - a fast growing Engineering team of customer-obsessed & passionate individuals that drive positive customer outcomes and experiences. 
We are looking for candidates that want to join our FastTrack for Azure (FTA) engineering team. FTA is a customer success service that exists to help customers confidently onboard to Azure and putting them on the right track to build it right, architect it right, the first time. FTA takes a solution-centric approach and provides customers with Engineering resources, standard methodologies, tools and additional resources that help drive Azure usage. 
We are looking for thoughtful, analytical and high energy FastTrack for Azure Engineers with a passion for Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. These Engineers will work with enterprise customers to successfully deliver complex data projects and drive future product enhancements based on customer feedback and learnings. 
Responsibilities 
Areas of responsibility include: 
You will partner with program managers and service delivery teams to plan, architect and deliver data engagements and complex data deployments/migrations for large enterprise customers. 
You will work directly with customer data, application, infrastructure, and security stakeholders to define requirements, strategy, and processes for successful migrations. 
Provide direct feedback from customers to Azure product engineering teams to drive product improvements or escalate blocking issues. 
Partner with Azure Engineering domain experts to scope, build, and document customer solutions. 
Maintain knowledge of the latest on Azure/Cloud innovations to conduct experiments, drive product improvement, and act as subject matter trainer for other specialists. 
Interact daily with other FastTrack Engineers to provide technical action plans or take ownership of situations that require escalation. 
Share knowledge with others through solution documents, engage technical communities, build automated self-help solutions, and create training. 
Qualifications 
Successful Candidate Competencies will include the following: 
Architecture of Azure Solutions, mainly Azure Data Services. 
Bigdata & Analytics –ADLS gen2-3, Synapse, Databricks, Data Explorer. 
Cognitive Services, AI & ML. 
Azure Data Migration experience - SQLDW/Synapse, SQLDB, MI, Cosmos DB, Databricks, DMA/DMS. 
Database experience – Azure Arc, Azure SQL DB, Cosmos DB, MI, MySQL, PostgreSQL. 
BAP – PowerBI, PowerApps, Microsoft Flow. 
Familiarity with cloud deployment and development tools (ie. PowerShell, Visual Studio, ADO). 
Familiarity with cloud networking concepts, connectivity (geo-redundancy, CDN, VPN) and tools. 
Strong communication skills to effectively drive recommendations and land priorities across customers, partners, senior executives and across organizational boundaries. 
Dealing with ambiguity: must have the ability to take initiative and work in a fast-paced environment while balancing multiple demands and shifting priorities. 
Collaboration – collaborate on complex multi-faceted programs. 
Requirements: 
4+ years of experience in product, project or program management or consulting. 
5+ years Azure software industry experience. 
Ability to communicate effectively with corporate customers, possess an understanding of the onboarding process and demonstrate a vision for the future of Microsoft support. 
Excellent customer service skills, good oral and written communication skills, proven ability to handle difficult and sensitive situations involving the most critical and politically charged customer situations; to lead projects and to motivate others. 
Consulting and/or Delivery experience a plus. 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent work experience. 
Proficiency in Portuguese is desirable. 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Service Engineer jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Service Engineer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,139 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
