
 
 
 
 Lead, Machine Learning Engineering & AI Research - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead, Machine Learning Engineering & AI Research 1910 Genetics Cambridge, MA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview 
 
Computation is revolutionizing drug discovery. Advances in big chemical data, massive computing power, artificial intelligence, and molecular dynamics simulation are changing the way we develop new drugs. At 1910 Genetics, we put computation at the heart of drug discovery, blending expertise in computational chemistry, structural biology, pharmacology, genetics, data science, and software engineering to develop drugs for previously undruggable targets. 
 
 
 You are someone we can count on to... 
Act as both an Individual Contributor (IC), who can roll up her sleeve, and play an important role in our mission to use AI/ML to develop drugs against historically difficult disease targets, as well as a Leader who can build and grow the ML Engineering & AI Research team over time 
 You will own... 
Proposal of innovative AI/ML models that address specific use cases in our drug discovery process 
Development and launch prototype models 
Productionization of AI/ML models on AWS 
The company’s AWS Infrastructure 
The growth of the ML Engineering & AI Research team 
 You will teach... 
Your cross-disciplinary colleagues from Computational Chemistry, Medicinal Chemistry, Computational Biology, Cell Biology, and Pharmacology, how AI/ML can solve important problems for them 
 You will learn... 
The process of drug discovery and development 
 You will improve... 
Our existing process for incorporating AI/ML into drug discovery 
 Within 1 month you will... 
Form a view on which AI/ML models address the highest need use cases in our drug discovery process 
Begin prototyping AI/ML models on AWS 
 Within 3 months you will... 
Productionize AI/ML models on AWS that would become a cornerstone of the company’s drug discovery efforts 
 Within 6 months you will... 
Continue improving the first set of production-grade AI/ML models on AWS 
Build and productionize improved AI/ML models on AWS to harmonize, and accelerate our drug discovery process 
 Within 12 months you will... 
Grow the team with new hires including ML Engineers, AI Researchers, and Product Managers 
 This is an exciting time to join a fast growing startup on a mission to save human lives. If you enjoy working on important problems with a small team of passionate and fun individuals, come join us! 
Compensation & benefits 
Extremely generous equity package coupled with competitive salary 
Healthcare benefits 
Generous vacation and parental leave 
Super cool team building activities 
Flexible work schedule 
Great colleagues 1910 Genetics 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Genetics in Cambridge, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from 1910 Genetics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
