
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Brookfield, WI 53005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Brookfield, WI 53005 Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
 MACHINE LEARNING MEETS POWER TOOLS!  At Milwaukee Tool we firmly believe that our People and our Culture are the secrets to our success - so we give you unlimited access to everything you need to create disruptive new technologies and solutions on our engineering teams. Our Engineering Team is responsible for giving life to the batteries, motors, and electronics that power solutions changing the lives of our users. Every developmental phase of these critical components happens in-house under the watch of this team. We continue to invest in engineering resources to design and develop leadership in electronic capabilities; something unique within the industry. And we're pushing the limits in firmware engineering, power electronics, embedded systems, machine learning, and the use of artificial intelligence.
 Behind our doors you'll be empowered every day to own it, drive it, and do what it takes to design and develop the biggest breakthroughs in the industry. Meanwhile, you'll have the support and resources of the fastest-growing brand in the construction industry to make it happen.
 Year after year, our team continues to make significant breakthroughs in the industry. We're just getting started. To learn more about our story click  HERE . 
 
As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will be a hands-on leader tasked with deploying machine learning models in creative ways while working with highly cross-functional teams to make power tool solutions that change the lives of our users. In addition, you will act as a technical expert in the creation and execution of these concepts into products and support team through implementation, validation, and transfer to production. 
 
You'll be DISRUPTIVE through these duties and responsibilities: 
 
 Design, develop, and verify real-time machine learning algorithms for innovative power tools. 
 Implement machine learning algorithms in embedded environments. 
 Work both in Python and C/C++ environments. 
 Collaborate with a world class team of cross functional engineers and project managers to deliver new-to-world solutions. 
 Support the ongoing development of technology/product roadmaps and the execution of those strategies. 
 Employ expertise from electrical and mechanical domains in tackling challenges as they arise.
 Identify new innovations and strategic opportunities while considering financial impact and competitiveness. 
 Effectively communicate and motivate up, down, and across the organization to a diverse range of technical and non-technical team members. 
 Perform technical writing and presentations with proficiency. 
 Drive urgency and accountability, achieving key project cost and metrics. 
 Champion and drive new processes and procedures to meet the needs of a changing business.
 Evaluate and assess emerging technologies. 
 Embrace power tools with sawdust and sparks. 
 Be ready for hands-on machine learning. 
 
 What TOOLS you'll bring with you: 
 
 Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field.
 Proficient in Python and C/C++. 
 Experience in machine learning model development, optimization, cloud processing, data storage, pipelines, and embedded environments.
 Working knowledge of various sensor technologies and their connectivity to microcontrollers. 
 Excellent problem-solving skills, critical thinking, and ability to work well under pressure in a dynamic environment.
 Ability to travel 10% of the time (domestic and international).
 A work ethic of being self-motivated, organized, efficient, and process oriented. 
 
 Other TOOLS we prefer you to have: 
 
 Master's degree or PhD in Machine Learning or related field strongly preferred.
 1+ years of experience in a relevant or related field. 
 Strong background in mechatronics. 
 Experience in electronics hardware, firmware, microcontrollers, controller design, stability, HDL, power electronics, robotics, sensor physics, and/or mechanics. 
 Experience in time series modelling, especially with related domains like NLP, SLAM, ML forecasting, audio/video, and/or vibrational analysis. 
 
 We provide these great perks and benefits: 
 
 Robust health, dental and vision insurance plans. 
 Generous 401 (K) savings plan. 
 Education assistance. 
 On-site wellness, fitness center, food, and coffee service. 
 And many more, check out our benefits site  HERE . Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Brookfield, WI Jobs at Milwaukee Tool in Brookfield, WI Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Brookfield, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Milwaukee Tool Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Since the company began in 1924, Milwaukee Tool has led the industry in developing innovative solutions that deliver increased productivi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
