
 
 
 
 Rotational Leadership Program - Philadelphia, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Rotational Leadership Program Comcast 16,770 reviews Philadelphia, PA Comcast 16,770 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Summary 
Responsible for cross-functional projects in critical areas of the business while developing relationships and experiences designed to develop a cadre of future leaders in an innovative, technology enterprise. Cohort and individualized leadership development are key components of the 2-year experience. 
Job Description 
We are recruiting for the next class of the Comcast NBCUniversal Rotational Leadership Program for leadership participants. RLP members work on cross-functional projects in critical areas of the business while developing relationships and experiences designed to develop a cadre of future leaders in an innovative, technology enterprise. RLP builds versatile strategic leaders with an expansive, connected networking that amplifies business results and partnerships. Current projects include areas such as Artificial Intelligence, Digital Media, Product Development, Research, Advanced Advertising and Strategy. Cohort and individualized leadership development are key components of the 2-year experience. 
Program Elements 
Critical High Impact Projects 
Structured, customized experiences on high profile projects. 
Opportunity to gain exposure to several areas of the business within Comcast and NBCUniversal. 
Rotations require mobility to various locations. 
Leadership Development 
Targeted development leveraging internal executives and specialized experiences. 
Exposure to senior leadership through rotations, internal consulting projects and access to executive steering committee members. 
Involvement in related industry organizations and conferences. 
Cadre, Coaching and Mentorship 
In addition to individual experiences, participants come together as a team throughout the program. Cohort structure creates an exceptional peer learning opportunities, offering project collaboration and team problem solving. 
Advocates, leadership program managers and rotation hosts provide coaching and performance feedback. 
Participants also have the opportunity to contribute to continual program enhancements and mentor future participants. 
Candidate Profile 
Innovative leaders seeking to make a significant contribution and business impact in a global technology company. 
Track record of academic curiosity with an advanced degree (MBA or Technology Focused preferred) 
5-7 years relevant work experience in dynamic environment (e.g. technology, start-ups, consulting, military, etc.) 
Drives inclusion and diversity by creating a culture of understanding, unique contributions, broad perspectives, trust, transparency, and empowerment 
Background working in agile, diverse environments 
Business savvy, situational team leadership 
Moves nimbly between strategy and execution 
Fosters strategic thinking within a team 
Leverages data analytics and researching capabilities 
Communicates effectively at all levels in a variety of settings 
Exhibits influential presence 
Self-starter, able to work independently and track record of taking initiative 
Passionate about innovation and technology in our industry 
Global experience of interest 
Geographic flexibility 
Employees at all levels are expected to: 
Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job. 
Own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services. 
Know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences. 
Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas. 
Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers. 
Drive results and growth. 
Respect and promote inclusion & diversity. 
Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities. 
Disclaimer: 
This information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications. 
Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. 
Education 
Master's Degree 
Relevant Work Experience 
10 Years + 
Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a Commission under the terms of an applicable plan, while most non-sales positions are eligible for a Bonus. Additionally, Comcast provides best-in-class Benefits. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most, and should help you care for those who matter most. That’s why we provide an array of options, expert guidance and always-on tools, that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality – to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. Please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details. Comcast 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Comcast in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Comcast Comcast 16,770 reviews Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
