
 
 
 
 Software Engineer (Leadership) - Machine Learning - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer (Leadership) - Machine Learning Facebook 623 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is seeking Machine Learning Engineers to join our engineering team. The ideal candidate will have industry experience working on a range of classification and optimization problems like payment fraud, click-through rate prediction, click-fraud detection, search ranking, text/sentiment classification, collaborative filtering/recommendation, or spam detection. The position will involve taking these skills and applying them to some of the most exciting and massive social data and prediction problems that exist on the web. 
Drive the team's goals & technical direction to pursue opportunities that make your larger organization more efficient 
Effectively communicate complex features & systems in detail 
Understand industry & company-wide trends to help assess & develop new technologies 
Partner & collaborate with organization leaders to help improve the level of performance of the team & organization 
Identify new opportunities for the larger organization & influence the appropriate people for staffing/prioritizing these new ideas 
Suggest, collect and synthesize requirements and create an effective feature roadmap 
Develop highly scalable classifiers and tools leveraging machine learning, data regression, and rules-based models 
Adapt standard machine learning methods to best exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters, multicore SMP, and GPU) 
Experience leading projects with industry-wide impact 
Experience communicating and working across functions to drive solutions 
Experience in mentoring/influencing senior engineers across organizations 
Proven track record of planning multi-year roadmap in which shorter-term projects ladder to the long-term vision 
Experience in driving large cross-functional/industry-wide engineering efforts 
12+ years of experience in programming languages (Python, C++, Java or R) with technical background 
8+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, NLP, data mining or artificial intelligence 
B.S. Computer Science or related technical field 
Experience in shipping products to millions of customers or have started a new line of product 
Experience with Hadoop/HBase/Pig or MapReduce/Sawzall/Bigtable/Hive/Spark 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 623 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
