
 
 
 
 Librarian – Experiential Learning & Languages (S02650P) - Arlington, TX 76013 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Librarian – Experiential Learning & Languages (S02650P) University of Texas at Arlington Arlington, TX 76013 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Posting Details 
 Posting Number   S02650P 
 
 Position Title   Librarian – Experiential Learning & Languages (S02650P) 
 
 Department   Library 
 
 Location   Arlington 
 
 Job Family   Library 
 
 Position Status   Full-time 
 
 Work Hours   Standard 
 
 Work Schedule 
 Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm. 
 
 Open to   External and Internal 
 
 FLSA 
 
 Salary   Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience. 
 
 Duration   Funding expected to continue 
 
 Pay Basis   Monthly 
 
 Benefits Eligible   Yes 
 
 Job Summary 
 The Experiential Learning & Languages Librarian provides experiential learning opportunities, through ideation, experimentation, and creation in both formal and informal settings, that positively impact the academic and professional success and retention of current and future UTA students. Additionally, they serve as the liaison to the English, Modern Languages, and Communications departments. 
 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
 Collaborates with partners from across campus to develop experiential learning curricula and programming (both formal and informal) that positively impacts the academic and professional success of current and future students through ideation, experimentation, and creation. This includes providing instructional opportunities related to maker, digital, and information literacy. Supports the professional development of fellow library staff related to creative technologies, particularly those relevant to digital projects in the humanities. Develops and maintains a working, interactive, positive, and dynamic relationship with faculty, students, and staff in assigned disciplines and programs. Develops and maintains online teaching materials and guides and participates in digital learning initiatives. Extends services through office hours and social media. Performs other duties assigned. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 Master’s degree from an accredited institution. Computer literate and technologically adept. Proficiency in MS Office Suite, specifically Outlook, Word, and Excel. Proficiency in Windows Operating System and file management. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Master’s degree in library and/or information science from an ALA-accredited program or a related graduate degree. Experience with current and emerging creative technologies related to digital media and art creation, robotics, drones, game and app development, virtual reality, and/or artificial intelligence. Experience with the application of creative technologies in academic libraries, particularly creative technologies related to digital projects in the humanities and social sciences. Experience providing professional development opportunities to other librarians and staff related to creative digital technologies (both software and hardware), e.g. cameras, audio mixers, Adobe, Unity, digital audio workstations, etc. Experience with engaging undergraduate student populations with digital projects. Experience developing experiential learning curricula and programs. Experience with liaison responsibilities to those engaged with languages and/or communications focused scholarship and teaching. Knowledge of experiential learning theory and practice, various teaching methodologies, and research related to pedagogy and learning.
 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
Ability to innovatively use technology and evidence-based decision-making practices to develop and implement best practice for curriculum development that incorporates active and experiential learning for both online and in-person populations. Ability to work collegially and collaboratively with people of diverse backgrounds. Ability to foster a positive working environment and model the Libraries’ values through daily actions and behaviors. Advanced project planning and management skills. Ability to lead, cultivate, and empower staff. Effective time management skills. Advanced customer experience skills. Ability to communicate effectively, including excellent interpersonal skills as well as verbal and written skills. Ability to pay attention to detail. Ability to transfer and apply knowledge and experience to new situations. Ability to analyze situations and make sound decisions. Ability to excel in a “perpetual beta” environment, with frequent change and intelligent risk-taking. 
 
 Working Conditions 
 
 Special Conditions for Eligibility 
 
 EEO Statement 
 UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus. 
 
 Number of Vacancies   1 
 
 Desired Start Date 
 
 Open Date 
 
 Review Start Date 
 
 Open Until Filled 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 Applicants must include in their online resume the following information: 1) Employment history: name of company, period employed (from month/year to month/year), job title, summary of job duties and 2) Education: school name, degree type, and major. 
 
 Requirement Questions 
 Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*). 
 
 * What is the highest degree you have attained from an accredited institution? (Please specify in your resume)
 Associate's degree 
 Bachelor's degree 
 Master's degree or higher 
 None of the above 
 * How many years of experience do you have in a student personnel position at a college or university?
 None/less than 1 year 
 1 to 2 years 
 3 to 4 years 
 5 years or more 
 * What is your skill level with Adobe Creative Suite? (Proficient is the highest skill level)
 No skills/basic 
 Intermediate 
 Advanced 
 Proficient 
 * What is your skill level using Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, etc.)? (Proficient is the highest skill level)
 No skills/Basic 
 Intermediate 
 Advanced 
 Proficient 
 Documents Needed To Apply 
 Required Documents 
 Resume or CV 
 Cover/Interest Letter 
 Transcripts 
 Optional Documents University of Texas at Arlington 28 days ago original job Report job Librarian jobs in Arlington, TX Librarian salaries in Arlington, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
