
 
 
 
 Global Head of Insider Threat - Jacksonville, FL 32256 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Global Head of Insider Threat State Street Jacksonville, FL 32256 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are looking for
 State Street desires to employ a program manager to oversee the Global Insider Risk Program. In this role, the incumbent will be responsible for maintaining the Global Insider Risk Program to include the development and maintenance of relevant policies, standards, training, analytical, and detection capabilities. The Insider Risk Program Manager will closely coordinate with a number of relevant stakeholders including HR, Legal, Privacy, Line fo Business leaders, Security Engineering, Fusion Center teams, and investigations teams.
 What you will be responsible for
 As the Insider Risk Program Manager you will:
 Implement key deliverables aligned with the Insider Risk Framework and program roadmap
 Develop and ensure currency of relevant Insider Risk Manage the Global Insider Risk program policies, procedures, and interaction models
 Oversee the development and deployment of insider use cases across detection platforms
 Establish relevant procedures, guidelines, and processes to risks related to insider events
 Develop and deploy insider risk training across the enterprise
 Maintain scorecards and metrics on insider incidents
 Provide advice, expertise, counsel, and support from and insider risk perspective to senior leaders as input to business decisions and medium to long term planning
 Prepare and deliver presentations to senior leadership on insider risk events, emerging trends, and relevant topics
 Ensures governance and oversight of Insider Risk program to ensure team efficiency and effectiveness and compliance to applicable State Street policies, standards, procedures, etc.
 What we value
 These skills will help you succeed in this role:
 Extensive understanding of insider risk management practices
 Thorough understanding of Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) to aid in response to current and future threats
 Expertise in logging and monitoring principles
 Minimum 10 years' experience in managing people, programs, and technologies
 Strong ability to react quickly and efficiently under pressure while thinking creatively
 Demonstrated experience of managing remote teams to encompass global operations
 Expert knowledge of intricacies of conducting insider and digital forensic investigations that have potential for legal action. Including but not limited to chain of custody requirements, privacy, and data security.
 Strong knowledge of technologies such as Security Incident and Event Management platforms, Entity and User Behavior Analytics platforms, Endpoint Detection and Response platforms, and Privileged Access Management platforms.
 Education & Preferred Qualifications
 10+ years of related experience
 Undergraduate degree (B.S, B.A) in Computer Science, Information Security, or related field
 Desired to have CISM, GIAC, CEH, CISSP, or other equivalent certification
 Why this role is important to us
 Our technology function, Global Technology Services (GTS), is vital to State Street and is the key enabler for our business to deliver data and insights to our clients. We’re driving the company’s digital transformation and expanding business capabilities using industry best practices and advanced technologies such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics process automation.
 We offer a collaborative environment where technology skills and innovation are valued in a global organization. We’re looking for top technical talent to join our team and deliver creative technology solutions that help us become an end-to-end, next-generation financial services company.
 Join us if you want to grow your technical skills, solve real problems and make your mark on our industry.
 About State Street
 What we do. State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
 Work, Live and Grow. We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
 Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility. We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
 State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
 Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers State Street 30+ days ago original job Report job Insider jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at State Street in Jacksonville, FL Insider salaries in Jacksonville, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
