
 
 
 
 Principal Oracle APEX Developer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Oracle APEX Developer Oracle 6,322 reviews United States Oracle 6,322 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $105,217 - $200,534 a year Full Job Description Are you an Oracle APEX developer looking for a new challenge?
 
Would you like to join the fight against pandemic, at a global scale, and work with one of the most talented and humble APEX development teams on the planet? This is the place for you.
 
We’re looking for an Oracle Application Express developer to join our team to assist with the design, development & deployment of the Oracle Pandemic Response Systems - all built with APEX. This system has been deployed across a number of nations and we're expanding fast.
 
The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, confident in their abilities, fast-paced, and lives and breathes APEX development. Due to the nature of the systems that we are developing, requirements can be ambiguous, and deadlines days away. If that excites you, then this is where you want to be.
 
We want to bring order to chaos and develop world class software that provides a far superior user experience, and we're doing this at every step of the way. We're looking for someone that can complement our development team and expand our capacity to deliver.
 
You should feel at home with full-cycle design and standards-based development within an Oracle APEX context, and have tactical knowledge of data modeling, PL/SQL, JavaScript, and general web development technologies. Tell us about it!
 
 Minimum qualifications include the following: 
10+ years of application development experience
 
5+ years of Oracle APEX experience is required
 
Experience working with most of the following -
 
Oracle database
 
Data modeling
 
PL/SQL
 
HTML/CSS
 
Web development
 
JavaScript
 
JSON/RESTful web services
 
Version control (Git preferred, but not required)
 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to communicate with individuals across the organization
 
Experience working with Agile development frameworks
 
Artificial intelligence (machine learning, natural language processing, and/or computer vision) knowledge is a plus
 
If you’re looking for a challenge that will not only be rewarding to yourself but will make a difference in communities all over the globe, then this is the job for you. The existing team contains some of the best from the Oracle APEX world, and we're looking forward to welcoming you.
 
Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.
 
As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems.
 
Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 
 Colorado Pay Range:  From $105,217 to $200,534 per annum
 
Eligible for bonus and equity
 
Oracle offers a comprehensive benefits package which includes the following:
 
1. Medical, dental, and vision insurance, including expert medical opinion
 
2. Short term disability and long term disability
 
3. Life insurance and AD&D
 
4. Supplemental life insurance (Employee/Spouse/Child)
 
5. Health care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts
 
6. Pre-tax commuter and parking benefits
 
7. 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan with company match
 
8. Flexible paid time off (unlimited or accrued vacation and sick leave)
 
9. Paid parental leave
 
10. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 
11. Adoption assistance
 
12. Financial planning and group legal
 
13. Voluntary benefits including auto, homeowner and pet insurance
 Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.
 
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. Oracle 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Oracle Developer jobs in United States Jobs at Oracle in United States Oracle Developer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oracle Oracle 6,322 reviews Oracle is the world’s leading provider of business software. But you probably already knew that. With a presence in over 175 countries, w... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
