
 
 
 
 Research Associate II, Land & Carbon Watch - Washington, DC 20002 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate II, Land & Carbon Watch World Resources Institute 25 reviews Washington, DC 20002 Temporarily remote World Resources Institute 25 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $79,000 - $106,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary 
In this role, you will join a rapidly growing team of researchers and geospatial analysts focused on improving global monitoring of land and associated greenhouse gas fluxes. You should have a proven record of designing and executing independent research and a broad familiarity with a range of research methods, strong writing skills, and a deep understanding of the links between research findings and current national and international policy debates. You will serve as a thought leader, advancing WRI’s reputation for translating cutting-edge scientific research into policy-relevant insights.
 
 
The role will involve developing and managing original research products related to land and carbon monitoring at various spatial scales, in consultation with other members of the L&C Watch team and partners. You will lead the development of analytical content, draft and publish peer-reviewed papers, working papers, policy briefs and blogs. In addition to producing research and analysis outputs, the position will play a key role in leveraging the products through presentations and other forums to influence external and internal debates and decisions around nature-based solutions. Finally, you will contribute new research proposals and partnerships, to help expand the scope and impact of WRI’s research and influence.
 
 
This position is remote due to COVID-19, but will be based at WRI’s office in Washington, DC once restrictions have lifted. 
 
 Job Responsibilities 
 
Research and Analysis (60%):
 
 Perform literature reviews and information on various aspects of the terrestrial carbon cycle to inform project strategy 
Compile, organize and synthesize existing data from various sources including government, NGOs and academic research 
Develop and test innovative approaches for monitoring terrestrial carbon dynamics using newly collected data and advances in remote sensing, data science, artificial intelligence and geostatistics 
Coordinate research projects across various internal and external partners to maximize both expertise and resources 
Conduct geospatial and other data analyses that support policy-relevant research and applications 
Strategy development and priority setting (10%): 
 
In collaboration with L&C Watch leadership, co-create a strategic roadmap that identifies thematic and geographic research priorities for terrestrial GHG monitoring 
Assist in building a pipeline of opportunities for research projects and oversee the implementation of specific projects within the broader portfolio 
Maintain an understanding of evolving trends in land-related climate policy, adjusting research roadmap and priorities as necessary 
Communication and Outreach (10%):
 
 Promote uptake of research through publishing in accessible outlets, participating and presenting in high-profile meetings, and leveraging connections with other experts 
Serve as internal and external expert to influence policy discussions on land-related climate issues 
Assist with the drafting of talking points and key messages for senior management staff 
Support production of written and graphic content for reports, internal briefs, blogs, presentations, press releases, etc. 
Program Development and Administration (10%) :
 
 Support development of concept notes and proposals for additional funding to support priority research topics 
Support development of work plans and related internal systems and processes to ensure timely execution of activities and delivery of outputs 
Liaise with external partners and WRI colleagues across programs and countries 
Organize internal and external meetings, workshops, conferences 
Management(10%): 
 
Cultivate a global network of researchers and research institutions to lead and develop high-quality, peer-reviewed publications 
Supervise research staff and recruit new staff as needed 
In coordination with the Research Director, guide ongoing land sector work into a research program with common objectives and work plans 
Job Qualifications 
 
Master’s degree in geography, environmental science, ecology or other relevant field 
Minimum of 5 years of full time work experience required with 2 years of relevant work experience conducting independent research, analysis and publication on climate-related topics 
Strong analytical skills and the ability to effectively gather and summarize large amounts of information from various sources 
Demonstrated understanding of emerging methods and technologies used for terrestrial biomass estimation 
Familiarity with assessment tools for estimating carbon sequestration and greenhouse gas emissions from agricultural soils 
Working knowledge of carbon market finance and/or designing and implementing carbon offset protocols in the land sector 
Working knowledge of UNFCCC greenhouse gas inventory reporting, REDD+, and other relevant policy bodies and processes 
Extremely strong writing skills, including past experience publishing 
Demonstrated ability to communicate to multiple audiences, including academics, practitioners and policy makers 
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work both independently and as part of a team 
Ability to deliver high quality work while under pressure 
Ability to be flexible and manage competing priorities 
US work authorization is required for this opportunity. 
How to Apply:   Please submit a resume with cover letter. Applicants must apply through the WRI Careers portal to be considered. 
 
 Potential Salary: $79,000 - $106,000.  Salary is commensurate with experience and other compensable factors. 
 
 Program Overview 
WRI is launching a major new initiative (provisionally called Land & Carbon Watch) that will use land and carbon monitoring to catalyze the land-based actions, policies, incentives and governance reforms needed to meet the goals of the Paris Agreement on climate change. WRI and partners will leverage a combination of ground data, satellite data and other cutting-edge technologies to monitor all the world’s lands, natural ecosystems, working lands and associated carbon stocks and flows. The initiative builds on existing monitoring initiatives and data platforms such Global Forest Watch and Resource Watch. The system will provide communities, governments, investors, non-government organizations, and others with high-quality data to help them pursue nature-based solutions that address the climate crisis in ways that also support economic recovery, promote equity, protect biodiversity, and enhance resilience. 
WRI Overview 
World Resources Institute (WRI) is an independent, nonprofit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity and human well-being. We are working to address seven critical challenges that the world must overcome this decade in order to secure a sustainable future for people and the planet: climate change, energy, food, forests, water, sustainable cities, and the ocean. 
We are passionate. We value our diversity of interests, skills and backgrounds. We have a flexible work environment. And we share a common goal to catalyze change that will improve the lives of people. Our shared ideals are at the core of our approach. They include: integrity, innovation, urgency, independence and respect. 
The foundation of our work is delivering high-quality research, data, maps and analysis to solve the world’s greatest environment and international development challenges, and improve people’s lives. We work with leaders in government, business and civil society to drive ambitious action and create change on the ground. Equally important, we bring together partners to develop breakthrough ideas and scale-up solutions for far-reaching, enduring impact. 
We have been growing rapidly: our staff has doubled in size over the past 5 years and our operating budget is now $150 million. Founded in 1982, WRI has a global staff of 1,000+ people with work spanning 60 countries. We have offices in Africa, Brazil, China, Europe, India, Indonesia, Mexico and the United States as well as a growing presence in other countries and regions. 
WRI is committed to advancing gender and social equity for human well-being in our mission and applies this principle to our organizational and programmatic practices. World Resources Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Associate jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at World Resources Institute in Washington, DC Senior Research Associate salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from World Resources Institute World Resources Institute 25 reviews The World Resources Institute (WRI) is a non-governmental global research organization which seeks to create equity and prosperity throug... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
