
 
 
 
 Software Developer - San Jose, CA 95101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer IBM 30,778 reviews San Jose, CA 95101 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
Software Developers at IBM are the backbone of our strategic initiatives to design, code, test, and provide industry-leading solutions that make the world run today - planes and trains take off on time, bank transactions complete in the blink of an eye and the world remains safe because of the work our software developers do. Whether you are working on projects internally or for a client, software development is critical to the success of IBM and our clients worldwide. At IBM, you will use the latest software development tools, techniques and approaches and work with leading minds in the industry to build solutions you can be proud of. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
Gartner defined AI Governance is the process of creating policies, assigning decision rights and ensuring organizational accountability for risks and investment decisions for the application and use of artificial intelligence in the context of predictive models and algorithms. As a member of AI Governance Factsheet service, you will be contributing to the development and support of a critical component in the AI Governance portfolio. The main responsibilities of the successful candidate will include (but no limited to): 
Development and support of AI Governance FactSheet Service. 
Design, develop and test new features and enhancements. Manage feature delivery processes and resolving backlogs. 
Support customers on problem reports and issues. 
Aside from managing all component deliverables, the successful candidate will have opportunities to work closely with senior architects and the wider WKC organization across multiple geos to help define future strategies, as well as participate in and contribute to Open Source communities. 
The successful candidate will work with local and remote product architects, development and support teams across India, Canada and US locations. 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Experience with Java, Java EE technologies, Python, HTML, JavaScript, Node.js, React JS, REST, Postman and WAS Liberty 
Experience with using test frameworks such as Junit, Selenium, etc 
Experience in Docker containers, Kubernetes and Red Hat OpenShift 
Knowledgeable in object oriented programming concepts 
Experience with Linux 
Experience with product support lifecycle processes and tools: Jenkins, Travis, Gradle 
Proficient in source code management tools like Git 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Successful track record with determination and resolution of technical problems 
Self-starter & ability to work effectively in a team environment 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at IBM in San Jose, CA Software Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
