
 
 
 
 Data Scientist, Data & Visualization (Contract) - Los Gatos, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist, Data & Visualization (Contract) STAR Labs Los Gatos, CA Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Start Date:  Immediate
 
STAR Labs
 
STAR Labs is an independent future factory of Samsung. We are scientists, mathematicians, engineers, designers and strategists from around the world. Our team brings a diverse set of skills from places including MIT, Stanford, Oxford, CMU, NASA, Google, Microsoft, Facebook and more. At STAR Labs, we are building the future, inspired by our dreams and created by science.
 
NEON is the first venture of STAR Labs (http://neon.life). We are rapidly expanding and looking for passionate and talented teammates to join us.
 
Job Description
 
The Strategy Team is one of the core pillars of the company, responsible for overall growth and business planning. In addition, the Strategy Team also leads marketing, partnership, corporate finance, and product management. The Strategy Team works very closely on a day-to-day basis with the executive leadership of STAR Labs. This role is primarily focused on activities within product management.
 
As an Contract-to-Hire Data Scientist in Data / Visualization, you will be a part of the Strategy team, but working closely with the R&D team as well. You will be collaborating within the team to design architectures, processes, and visualizations around data related to artificial intelligence, but also work with R&D across product, design, infrastructure, strategy and engineering. You will have the opportunity to innovate, strategize, build prototypes of user-facing products, and ship these features to millions of people. Above all, you will be working outside your comfort zone while making an impact and having fun.
 
Pursuing or have completed BS, MS in electrical engineering, computer science, mathematics or related field.
 
Proficient in programming languages such as Python, Scala, Java and C.
 
Deep understanding of statistical modeling and machine learning concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods.
 
Familiar with machine learning tools such as Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, SciKit-Learn or statistical modeling tools such R.
 
Experience building and optimizing scalable data architecture.
 
Degree in graphic design or related studies preferred.
 
Strong mathematical and analytical problem-solving ability.
 
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace. STAR Labs 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Los Gatos, CA Jobs at STAR Labs in Los Gatos, CA Data Scientist salaries in Los Gatos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from STAR Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
