
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Library Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2021 - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Library Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2021 NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description We  are  looking  for  a  Deep  Learning Library Software Engineering Intern  :
 NVIDIA is hiring software engineers for its GPU-accelerated deep learning Libraries team. Academic and commercial groups are relying on GPUs to enable breakthroughs in many domains using deep learning, our deep learning libraries (such as cuDNN) is used by enterprise customers, developers and researchers to unlocks new advances in applications in visual systems, language processing, speech and many others. Join the team that is building the underlying software used across the world to power the revolution in artificial intelligence.
 What you'll be doing:
 In this role, you will be responsible for developing enterprise software, by applying modern software development and design practices on CPU and GPU codes to implement new features and building blocks, optimize existing functionality on existing and future hardware and develop performance tuning techniques. In addition you will collaborate with members of the deep learning software engineering organization at NVIDIA to deliver world leading software with unprecedented performance in deep learning using NVIDIA GPUS.
 What we need to see:
 You are pursuing a BS, MS, PhD or equivalent in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Applied Math, or related field.
 You have the ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort.
 You have strong C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.
 Familiar with CUDA/OpenCL GPU programming.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Demonstrate strong CUDA GPU programming skills.
 Parallel programming experience, particularly with CUDA or OpenCL.
 Numerical methods experience.
 Knowledge of CPU/GPU architecture.
 Python experience.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers with some of the most forward-thinking, inventive, and hardworking people working here - we need your help to build our future. Are you creative, ambitious, and love challenges? We want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
