
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowship in AI for Urban Resilience - New York, NY 10011 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Fellowship in AI for Urban Resilience The New School 140 reviews New York, NY 10011 The New School 140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Urban Systems Lab (USL) at The New School invites applicants for an appointment as Postdoctoral Research Fellow in Artificial Intelligence for Urban Resilience and Sustainability. 
 
We are seeking an outstanding scholar with expertise in urban data science, spatial modeling, and machine learning to work with diverse local and global databases to examine urban social-ecological-technological system (SETS) risks. The Postdoctoral Fellowship will be homed in the USL but will contribute to projects with partners at the Stockholm Resilience Centre, Princeton Environment Institute, and The Beijer Institute of Ecological Economics at the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences within its program “Governance, Technology and Complexity” (https://beijer.kva.se/programmes/complexity/) and its international initiative “AI, People and Planet” (https://www.aipeopleplanet.earth/). 
 
The Postdoctoral Fellow will have access to the USL’s cutting-edge data visualization team as well as a community of postdocs and other scholars working interdisciplinarily on understanding complex urban system dynamics for transformative change. The successful candidate will demonstrate strong potential for high standards of accomplishment in scholarly research and/or creative practice, teaching, and service. 
 
The Urban Systems Lab is an interdisciplinary research, design, and practice space at The New School that provides new insight into developing more equitable, resilient, and sustainable cities. The Lab’s work advances cutting edge science, data visualization, and computation to develop systemic solutions to social and environmental challenges driving inequity and injustice in urban areas. 
 
The New School, a private university in New York City’s Greenwich Village, serves undergraduate and graduate students across a range of fields with a commitment to bringing practices in design and social research to studying issues of our time and challenging students to become engaged citizens dedicated to solving programs and contributing to the public good. 
 
The New School is committed to actively recruiting from a diverse pool of applicants. We encourage candidates from groups underrepresented in US higher education to apply. 
The New School does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, creed, sex or gender (including gender identity and expression), pregnancy, sexual orientation, religion, religious practices, mental or physical disability, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, veteran status, marital or partnership status, or any other legally protected status. 
 
The 12-month postdoctoral position will be homed at The New School’s Urban Systems Lab. You can find more information on the Urban Systems Lab at The New School here: http://urbansystemslab.com/ 
Minimum Qualifications:
 This interdisciplinary position is open to scientists from diverse backgrounds including in data science, urban ecology, computer science, engineering, urban planning, ecological economics, urban geography, and related areas but must have a demonstrated interest in data science and engineering skills, and applying machine learning techniques to explore sustainability science research questions. Prior experience with urban system research is desirable. Applicants must have completed their Ph.D. by the position start date. 
 
The selection among eligible candidates will be based on: 
 Expertise in machine learning, cloud-based GPU processing, urban data science, and/or spatial agent-based modeling Geospatial analytical skills including in ArcGIS and related software as they apply to urban system dynamics and urban governance applications Strong statistical analytical skills including spatial statistics Familiarity with urban resilience, climate change, complex systems, and scenario development literature Strong organization, communication, and writing skills for coordinating research with international colleagues and research dissemination.
 Demonstrated academic and other outputs in the form of scientific publications and/or public repositories such as GitHub 
- Willingness and ability to work as part of a multi- and transdisciplinary team teams with varying backgrounds and expertise 
Preferred Qualifications: The New School 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in New York, NY Jobs at The New School in New York, NY Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from The New School The New School 140 reviews The New School is a university in New York City, United States, located mostly in Greenwich Village. From its founding in 1919 by progres... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
