
 
 
 
 Senior Product Marketing Manager, OCI Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Platform - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Product Marketing Manager, OCI Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Platform Oracle United States Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Product Marketing Manager, OCI Data Science Platform
 
If you are looking for an opportunity to market innovative, ground breaking solutions that are re-defining the industry, look no further! Oracle’s product marketing organization is a global function, defining go-to-market strategy and messaging, crafting customer-facing and internal content, driving awareness and demand generation strategy and planning, and delivering sales enablement. Product marketing works with an array of other organizations within Oracle to define the appropriate marketing mix to ensure effective and broad delivery of the go-to-market initiatives on a global basis. Key activities include market analysis and segmentation; messaging and positioning; content development for Web, social, PR, advertising and other digital channels; planning and execution; product launches; demand generation content and programs, and development and delivery of sales tools, training and programs.
 
The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) marketing team, desires a high-energy, motivated
 
Senior Product Marketing Manager for the OCI Data Science Platform
 
who will drive the overall GTM strategy and execution to extend our leadership in AI/ML and Data Science space. This is a global role and you will be part of a diverse, passionate and innovative product marketing team that’s re-defining the market with differentiated OCI services. As a lead marketer, you will get to design premier engaging content, build creative GTM execution programs and drive customer & market evangelism.
 
 Key responsibilities include and are not limited to: 
Defining and building differentiating GTM content to drive demand and brand awareness for Oracle’s Data Science platform and machine learning services
 
Understanding market segmentation and driving persona-driven messaging and solution positioning in webcasts, demand generation events, direct marketing offers, advertising, website content, sales enablement, social marketing, PR and AR
 
Leading and executing successful solution launches globally
 
Creating sales enablement materials including use cases, detailed personas, key themes, customer lifecycle messaging, value propositions and return on investment, field communications and sales enablement readiness in partnership with other product marketing managers, product management and field sales teams.
 
Developing business level content to help sales understand and articulate Oracle vs. competitor’s offerings.
 
Crafting and delivering solution messaging to both internal sales team and customers articulating Oracle’s differentiated strategy.
 
Driving digital marketing and social media efforts and ensure a positive impact on the company brand by measuring key web and awareness, demand KPIs with corporate and field marketing stakeholders.
 
Building and fostering relationships with development, sales, regional business development, corporate marketing and other groups within Oracle to meet Oracle’s cloud go-to-market objectives.
 
Preferred Qualifications
 
This is a high-visibility, multifaceted role that will elevate your product marketing skills to a new level. You should be able to think out-of-the-box and bring creative ideas to the table. You will be working, often leading, cross-department teams for successful global execution and sales enablement, so we are seeking a strong marketer that can demonstrate strong leadership with excellent communication and team-building skills.
 
 Additionally, you should have: 
Minimum of 5 years product marketing and/or technical selling experience
 
Minimum of 2 years’ experience in the Data Science industry
 
Proficiency in one of the scripting languages (Python, Java, VB), experience with relational databases (SQL or similar) and analytics tools like Oracle Analytics (BI) a strong plus.
 
Strong experience in writing compelling, high quality documents and presentations with proven messaging and positioning skills
 
Proven track record of articulate business messages from technical specifications
 
Outstanding interpersonal skills, both written and spoken and excellent story-telling skills. We believe effective story tellers make excellent product marketers.
 
Proven ability to work across cross-functional teams to achieve business objectives
 
Clear expertise in creative writing to drive social and digital marketing content
 
Demonstrated bias for action and driving results
 
Superb analytical, organizational and execution skills
 
Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing, engineering or related field; MBA preferred.
 
 Position Location: 
remote (USA)
 
 Travel Component: 
Please note that there is no current travel permitted. Travel could be up to 20% post-pandemic.
 
If you are a Colorado resident, Please
 
Contact us
 
or Email us at oracle-salary-inquiries_us@oracle.com to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include this Job ID: 200010PR in the subject line of the email.
 
#LI-RR2
 
#LI-Remote
 Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.
 
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. Oracle 30+ days ago original job Report job Product Marketing Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Oracle in United States Product Marketing Manager salaries in United States Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
