
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Technical Writer - Department of Defense - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Technical Writer - Department of Defense Barbaricum 12 reviews Washington, DC Barbaricum 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Artificial Intelligence Technical Writer - Department of Defense 
Washington, DC / 
Cyber / Intelligence / 
Contingent on Contract Award 
Apply for this job 
Barbaricum supports government clients with Integrated Communications, Mission Support, and Cyber Security/Intelligence. Our passion is innovation and we are committed to client value and effective technical solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015-certified and CMMI Level 3 appraised, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Washington, DC. Our mission is to transform the ways the U.S. Government approaches problem sets of increasing complexity by delivering innovative solutions, particularly in support of National Security missions. 
 
Barbaricum is one of the fastest-growing companies in our market. The company is routinely recognized by institutions like Inc. Magazine, GovCon, AMEC, PRSA, and SmartCEO for corporate growth, capabilities, and award-winning client work. Our team is dynamic and agile, providing global support to current missions across five continents. We are also focused on developing and maintaining our vibrant corporate culture, having been recently named one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine. 
Barbaricum is seeking an experienced Technical Writer to provide support to the DoD's Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC), which is focused on the direction, synchronization and modernization of Artificial Intelligence across the DoD enterprise. This individual will provide subject matter expertise to support to the following: Development of strategies to reduce technology and non-technology barriers to AI adoption; Ensuring relevant missions are operating consistently to identify and exploit modernization opportunities; Coordination of information flow across the Directorate and with other relevant Directorates; Management of taskers and monitoring of performance measures; Elucidation of use cases for AI; and delivering sustainable, useful, and reliable AI products. 
Responsibilities
 Researches highly technical subject matter, organizes information from multiple sources and expresses technical information in written form that is comprehensible to a wide audience of readers 
Create various weekly, biweekly, and monthly reports 
Draft, expand, refine and edit architecture documents, technical concepts or solutions into an easy to read, comprehensive, compliant and compelling documents 
Develop outlines and drafts for review and approval by technical specialists and management ensuring that final documents meet applicable contract requirements and government regulations 
Create compelling White Papers and other documents. 
Interact with the customer and technical team members for content development 
Become familiar and comply with government style guides 
Qualifications
 Active DoD Secret clearance required
 Bachelors Degree in a technical field or English/Journalism 
4-8 years of relevant work experience
 Ability to communicate effectively, as an expert spokesman for the agency in all areas of expertise 
Expert in use of MS Office Suite to include Visio and Project 
Additional Information 
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews.  No phone calls please. Barbaricum 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Writer jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Barbaricum in Washington, DC Technical Writer salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Barbaricum 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
