
 
 
 
 Design Verification Engineer - Austin, TX 78730 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Design Verification Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise Austin, TX 78730 Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. We bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
 
At HPC, MCS and Hewlett Packard Labs, we focus on cutting edge, high-performance, high-scale customer solutions serving a wide range of industries and end-users. Our organization includes High Performance Computing (HPC), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Mission Critical Solutions (MCS), Edgeline, Moonshot and Hewlett Packard Labs. 
As a Design Verification Engineer at HPE, you will have the opportunity to be part of a world class team, designing High Performance Computing (HPC) networking ASICs that are the building blocks of the Slingshot interconnect. In this role you will be responsible for all phases of pre-silicon design verification, including design verification methodology, test-plan development, writing tests, creating stimulus and checkers, coverage closure, and sign off reviews. 
Knowledge and Skills: 
Develop testbenches using System Verilog and the UVM methodology for industry leading high performance ASICs 
Contribute to bus functional models that drive and monitor stimulus. 
Add features to scoreboards and checkers to verify functional behavior. 
Write constrained-random tests. 
Write and analyze functional coverage. 
Follow the teams design verification methodology. 
Triage regression failures and identify logic bugs. 
Collaborate and communicate with management regarding design status, project progress, and issue resolution. 
Participate as a member of our team to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for VLSI products. 
Preferred knowledge and skills: 
Ability to work well in a distributed team environment. 
Good understanding of OVM and UVM methodologies. 
Good analytical and problem solving skills. 
Understanding of design for VLSI components, integrated circuitry, architectures and algorithms. 
Knowledge of Verilog and System Verilog, Coursework in VLSI design or VLSI concepts. 
Good written and verbal communication skills; Mastery in English. 
About You: 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent. 
0-5 years of experience in ASIC design, verification or physical design. 
What We Can Offer You: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and participation in the shared values and purpose that make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers! At HPE, our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. 
If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
COLORADO ONLY: 
We are legally required to provide the following information for candidates seeking to staff this role in Colorado. The Colorado expected salary/wage range for this position is listed immediately below, although we reserve the right to offer above this range for exceptional candidates. Actual offer may vary from this range based upon geographic location, work experience, education, and/or skill level. Bonus, commission, and/or equity may also be offered. Information about employee benefits offered can be found at http:explorebenefits.hpe.com (userid: benefits / password: preview). 
Annual Salary: $64,400.00 - $93,400.00 
1083339 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 30+ days ago original job Report job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Austin, TX Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
