
 
 
 
 Innovation Account Manager - ISR Enterprise (Imagery Intelligence/IMINT) - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Innovation Account Manager - ISR Enterprise (Imagery Intelligence/IMINT) Victoria Falls Technology, L Arlington, VA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description TITLE/POSITION :  Account Manager - ISR Enterprise (Imagery Intelligence/IMINT)  (Full time) 
REPORTS TO:  Founder/President 
REGION: REMOTE, US 
 
Mission: 
Victoria Falls Technology LLC seeks to deliver world-class technology to the warfighter. 
Organizational Overview: 
Victoria Falls Technology (VFTech) has stood up a  first of its kind  incubator and accelerator to identify, coach/mentor, operationally enhance/adapt, and deploy  best-in-world  technologies with dual-use commercial-Air Force/DoD use cases. VFTech has already identified 30+ companies from around the globe to lead into the DoD innovation ecosystem, starting with the Air Force SBIR Open Innovation topic. VFTech only accepts those companies that have the highest probability to bring true mission enhancing capability to America’s warfighters. 
Position Description 
This is a fully remote. The Account Manager will be responsible for managing Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Contract efforts. He or she will develop marketing materials, oral presentations, and conduct correspondence to cultivate relationships with Venture Capital Investors, Government Customers, and Small Business Owners with the goal of obtaining additional SBIR Contracts and ultimately a sole-source contract with the US Government. Some travel may be required but will be infrequent. 
The ideal candidate for this position will be a self-motivated, self-starter who is able to work independently to solve problems. He or she will be skilled at understanding new ideas quickly and be able to confidently communicate those ideas through both verbal and written forms. He or she will be comfortable interacting with high-level officials, including CEOs, Military Leaders, Venture Capital Investors, etc. He or she will be skilled at quickly building networks of contacts and developing relationships. He or she will have a strong, demonstrated sense of responsibility and will take pride in his or her work. 
Primary Responsibilities 
Responding to requests for information from DoD Innovation program: i.e. AFWERX, DIU, NavalX, AAL in a timely, professional manner 
Develop marketing materials such as slide decks, handouts, and oral presentations 
Build network of Air Force Customers, Venture Capital Investors, and others for Small Business through email, phone calls, and in-person meetings 
Independently and proactively manages assigned projects 
Other duties as assigned 
 
Education/Experience Requirements 
Familiarity with military organizational structure and culture; experience working with U.S. DoD ISR Enterprise (Imagery Intelligence/IMINT) organizations as Active Duty/Reserve/Guard military or DoD civilian/contractor in the TCPED, analysis, artificial intelligence/machine/computer vision (AI/MV/CV) technology integration and testing, and/or intelligence squadron/production center management. 
 
Demonstrated sense of responsibility and the ability to prioritize work and take independent initiative (bias towards action) 
Ability to breakdown strategic ideas into actionable tasks 
 
Strong presentation and communication skills 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Strong attention to detail and follow up 
Ability to communicate with a wide range of constituents in varied settings 
Selling skills 
Creativity 
Experience developing marketing materials 
Ability to articulate message 
Strong initiative and able to work independently 
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office, GSuite 
 
Other:  Candidate must successfully pass a criminal background check prior to employment. 
Benefits :  This position offers a flexible work schedule. This position is fully remote. 
This position description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related duties required by their supervisor. This document does not create an employment contract implied or otherwise, other than an "at-will" relationship. Victoria Falls Technology, L 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Innovation Manager jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Victoria Falls Technology in Arlington, VA Innovation Manager salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Victoria Falls Technology, L Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
