
 
 
 
 Chief Investments Officer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Investments Officer AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Employer Profile
 
AAA Intergalactic Investments Corp. is a company of the Awards-winning AAA Intergalactic
 Investments Group (AAA INTERGALACTIC) – the first financial group dedicated to
 interplanetary and intergalactic infrastructure.
 
AAA INTERGALACTIC received the Award for BEST RENEWABLES AND FUTURISTIC
 INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
 
AAA Intergalactic's core team has extensive global experience in the areas of:
 
Futuristic Infrastructure including Intergalactic Infrastructure, Renewable Energy, Smart
 Real Estate, Telecommunications, Financial Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Insurance, Logistics, Agriculture, African Industry.
 
AAA Intergalactic is a young dynamic financial group with team members:
 
 
 active in 59 partner countries 
 from 60 nationalities 
 locally 
 
rooted and globally connected across several countries
 
 and speaking 
 
more than 76 local languages
 
AAA Intergalactic's companies are active in the cosmos, precisely in America,
 Europe, Africa and Asia. AAA Intergalactic creates motivational growth
 conditions through a positive working environment. We have a sincere, direct,
 scrupulous, and fair management culture. We train our staff members and recruit
 worldwide. Purposeful team members are recognised and generously rewarded. You
 can become one of AAA Intergalactic Investments Group's members if you are
 human, competent, self-confident, self-motivated, have an international
 experience and are multilingual.
 
Watch our videos
 
1\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDn0j7DldoY&t=7s
 
2\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-3ar6tXUG0&t=1s
 
3\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzaaNB8AfRY&t=16s
 
4\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=TprSm-FF3E8
 
5\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzaaNB8AfRY&t=19s
 
5\. www.youtube.com/channel/UC5kE8zNVq5uJBGzNBe8yncw
 
Tasks
 
 
 He/she monitors the performance of the Portfolio. He/she may focus on one particular Fund. 
 He/she takes actions to maximise our Fund's performance. 
 He/she ensures that all investment activities adhere to financial industry regulations, conducting audits to prevent fraud and avoid nonsense risks. 
 He/she may need to submit documents and reports to oversight bodies or appear before regulators to ex-plain decisions he/she makes regarding fund structuring and management. 
 
 His/her services shall include: 
 
 Business development with the objective to build a strong pipeline of potential investment opportunities 
 Manage a team of Investment Managers, members of the Value Creation Team and external providers through the investment and ESG process 
 Provide leadership, source and execute investment opportunities 
 
Lead due diligence, direct transaction team and coordinate transaction execution and closing
 
 Present investment proposals to the Investment Committee. 
 Actively work with project / portfolio companies’ post-investment 
 Liaising with Investee’s management teams, and ensure that best financial and non-financial practices, including EMS (Environmental Management Systems) are implemented 
 Take board seats in Investee partners 
 Assessing and interpreting complicated financial information 
 Regularly communication with our investment analysts and company managers to discuss financial matters 
 Research 
 Liaising with co-Investors and capital seeking firms 
 Reading financial briefings (often written by investment analysts) 
 Making informed financial recommendations and decisions keeping knowledge up-to-date about the local and global economy, current financial news 
 
Monitor Fund Performance
 
 
 He/she monitors the performance of the Fund. He/she conducts weekly meetings to assess fund performance and prevent shortcomings, developing strategies to hinder losses and increase profitability. He/she takes actions to maximise our Fund's performance. 
 
Financial Regulations
 
He/she ensures that all investment activities adhere to financial industry regulations, conducting audits to prevent fraud and avoid nonsense risks. He/ she may need to submit documents and reports to oversight bodies or appear before regulators to explain decisions he/she makes regarding fund management.
 
Financial Transactions
 He/she weighs the risks and benefits of each transaction, determining whether they fit into the Fund's strategies.
 
Maintain Funds Records
 
While conducting investment and oversight activities, he/she maintains records and documentation related to investments and transactions. He/she will develop weekly, quarterly, and annual reports on fund performance, along with reports of his/ her activities related to managing the Portfolio. He/She will develop documents related to our funds to distribute.
 
Requirements
 
Your skills
 
 The ideal candidate will have the following credentials: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in business administration, accounting, economics, finance, or a closely related field. 
 A Master of Business Administration, PhD or similar graduate degree is desirable. 
 The equivalent of seven years increasingly responsible experience in the financial service industry with direct experience in Fund or portfolio management and overseeing investments risk management and/or compliance functions for a public entity or private institution. Direct experience with portfolio allocation, manager performance evaluation, risk management, and managing custodial relationships and experience working with investment consultants and advisors. 
 Attainment of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation or similar qualification is desirable. 
 Track record 
 Ability to manage at least 1 Billion USD 
 Experience in Real Assets is a big plus 
 Solid understanding of Emerging markets and economic indicators. 
 Proficiency using financial software for economic and financial indicators, securities pricing and other research and analytical functions. 
 
 Your personality: 
 
 You are self-confident 
 Determined 
 Self-motivated 
 
You bring
 
 Strong time management skills 
 Ability to work effectively under pressure 
 Good numerical and IT skills 
 Analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Teamworking skills 
 Deep understanding of financial trends 
 Communication skills 
 
Benefits
 
This position can offer full-time benefits, and periodic review for incentive pay based on organisational and personal achievement. The full package will be based on education and experience and will be commensurate with other social impact investment organisations.
 
 Start:  Immediately or as soon as possible
 Join us now if you are a professional who has been looking for opportunities to make an impactful and positive difference in our target industries and regions in the cosmos.
 
Kind regards,
 Your Recruiting Team
 AAA Intergalactic Investments Corp.
 30 Wall Street
 New York City, NY 10005
 United States of America
 Please find more opportunities on our career page AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Investment Officer jobs in Remote Jobs at AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS in Remote Chief Investment Officer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
