
 
 
 
 Research scientist - Philadelphia, PA 19104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Research scientist University of Pennsylvania Philadelphia, PA 19104 University Overview
 
The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.
 
Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.
 
The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.
 
Posted Job Title
 Research scientist
 
Job Profile Title
 Research Specialist D
 
Job Description Summary
 The Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest and one of the finest medical schools in the United States. Penn is rich in tradition and heritage and at the same time consistently at the forefront of new developments and innovations in medical education and research. Since its founding in 1765 the School has been a strong presence in the community and prides itself on educating the leaders of tomorrow in patient care, biomedical research, and medical education. http://www.med.upenn.edu/
 
This position is contingent upon funding.
 
Job Description
 
The Department of Radiology in the Perelman School of Medicine is searching for a Research Scientist to initiate, contribute to, and manage development of multiple projects in the Artificial Intelligence in Biomedical Imaging Lab (AIBIL) in the Center for Biomedical Image Computing and Analytics (CBICA). Responsibilities will include planning and implementation of neuroimage analysis pipelines using existing computational modules, designing experiments, testing hypotheses, and building statistical/machine learning models. He/she will work collaboratively and will interface with faculty, research scientists, and trainees, promoting synergy between computational and clinical research. The Research Scientist will assist in the interpretation of reported results and prepare manuscripts for publication in peer-reviewed scientific journals. He/she will attend meetings and conferences as needed and will supervise and train other research staff.
 
Candidate should be enthusiastic about collaborative and interdisciplinary research, be motivated to develop as an independent scientist, and demonstrate excellent scientific communication skills. The successful candidate will also have training and expertise on the interface of neuroimaging and cognition.
 This position is contingent upon funding.
 
Qualifications
 The position requires a Master's Degree and 3-5 years of experience, preferably in neuroscience or a related discipline, with a strong background in computational methods and at least 3 years of experience conducting image analysis, machine learning, and statistical analysis research. Advanced knowledge of Python or R and Matlab, and experience using Linux/Unix platforms and shell scripting is required. A Ph.D. degree is preferred.
 
Working Conditions
 Office, Library, Computer Room; Requires extensive safety
 
Physical Effort
 Typically sitting at a desk or table;
 
Job Location - City, State
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
 
Department / School
 Perelman School of Medicine
 
Pay Range
 $50,684.00 - $91,232.00
 
Affirmative Action Statement
 Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
 
Special Requirements
 Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job. University of Pennsylvania 30+ days ago original job Report job Research Scientist jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, PA Research Scientist salaries in Philadelphia, PA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
