
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Durham, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Data Scientist Fidelity Investments Durham, NC 27709 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Role 
The Emerging Technology Data Science Team within Asset Management Technology is seeking a highly motivated and technical data scientist passionate about the application of new technologies. This individual will collaborate with other data scientists to prototype, learn, and ultimately deliver solutions utilizing techniques such as machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data analytics. 
The role will be available in Raleigh, NC; Boston, MA; Merrimack, NH; Westlake, TX; or Denver, CO. 
The Expertise and Skills You Bring 
Minimum Master’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields. 
Sophisticated knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies. 
Proven experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc) 
Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project. 
Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. 
Programming skills in Python, Spark, Scala, R, SQL, or Matlab. 
An ability to translate sophisticated topics to non-technical audiences. 
Skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling. 
Deep knowledge of some combination of the following: 
Natural Language Processing (NLP) 
Deep Learning, Neural Networks 
Reinforcement Learning 
Time series analysis 
The Team 
The Emerging Technology team is on the frontier of Asset Management Technology and delivers innovative, scalable, industry-leading investment tools that enable Asset Management to achieve a global advantage. Our work in this truly groundbreaking initiative will provide a major contribution to Asset Management’s investment performance and scale and efficiency objectives. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job Data Scientist jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Durham, NC Data Scientist salaries in Durham, NC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
