
 
 
 
 Graphic Designer (Remote - MA, NH & RI) - Franklin, MA 02038 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graphic Designer (Remote - MA, NH & RI) Interactions 166 reviews Franklin, MA 02038 Remote Interactions 166 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who is Interactions?
 
Interactions, LLC is the world’s largest independent AI company. We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI – two of today’s most innovative and dynamic industries. Since 2004, we’ve helped leading companies like MetLife, Citi, Shutterfly , and LifeLock have millions of successful conversations, resulting in saving operational cost and increasing productivity.
 
Interactions’ 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from today’s frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent. In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.
 Job Description
 
As a member of the Corporate team, you will be a part of the backbone of a company that builds and brings to market artificial intelligence technologies, including natural language processing and cognitive computing. You will build best practices that will serve internal (and sometimes external) customers and business partners.
 
The Graphic Designer role will work closely with Senior Designer and Creative Director to support all Marketing and company-wide collateral and event design as well as PPT presentations. Help propel the Interactions brand with consistent design and messaging through various channels including digital and print.
 
Refine PPT slide graphics and visual story for Sales, Marketing, Technology and HR that clearly demonstrate capabilities of Interactions solutions. Use layout and composition skills to rearrange information and “tell a better visual story”. Make sure final presentations are following brand standards. Produce custom imagery and icons for slides as necessary.
 
Produce visually compelling final pieces using templates for ebooks, whitepapers, research surveys, and various content related graphics. Contribute your own composition and layout skills to enhance the visual communication of these pieces.
 
Work with designers, content writers, marketing, technology and HR to understand unique project requirements. Help translate requirements and outcomes into impactful design.
 
Produce various web graphics for our Resource Center postings and other areas of the website as needed.
 
 Requirements: 
Must have a minimum of 4+ years of related experience.
 
Proficient in PowerPoint, Microsoft Office PPT and Google Slides.
 
Solid experience with Master slides and templates.
 
Solid experience with PPT and Google Slides tools including (but not limited to) shapes/fonts/smart art, choosing color and styles, cleaning up fonts, charts, graphs, animation tools, etc.
 
Great aesthetic eye for consistency and style guidelines.
 
Ability to work under tight deadlines, multitask and quick turnaround.
 
Ability to take information and transform it into compelling story telling using your own layout and composition skills that follow design best practices.
 
 
 Design and Production 
 
 Solid experience with Adobe Creative Suite software:  Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign.
 
Solid experience with web and print graphics production and appropriate resolutions.
 
Working with Photoshop templates as well as building graphics from start to finish without a template to create final design pieces for our Resource Center (Blog, Events Announcements, Video postings). Solid experience with layering different photos and graphics to create stellar imagery.
 
Working with InDesign templates as well as creating new templates to create white papers, eBooks, case studies.
 
Working with Illustrator to create various file formats of Interactions logo, edit and format our custom icons, create new icons, assist in prepping graphics/logo for partners/investors for web and internal use.
 
Experience with image searching and choosing appropriate images that enhance content.
 
 Preferred: 
Web User Experience Design a plus.
 
Animation skills and knowledge of Adobe After Effects a plus.
 
Illustration skills a plus.
 
Why Work at Interactions?
 
We've created a culture of people who are dedicated to helping each other and the company succeed. We take time to celebrate wins and recognize accomplishments. Whether it’s a seasonal event or friendly competition, we’re always thinking of new ways to have fun.
 
Our team's health and well-being is important to us. In addition to a full suite of benefits, we offer 5 weeks of time off with pay, 401k matching, paid parental leave and flexible work schedules. We are all committed to the company’s success by being valued shareowners and are incentivized through individual performance and company results. Come join us!
 
Interactions is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, and gender identity), national origin, marital status, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Interactions LLC 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Graphic Designer jobs in Franklin, MA Jobs at Interactions in Franklin, MA Graphic Designer salaries in Franklin, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interactions Interactions 166 reviews Interactions, a primarily virtual company, is the world’s largest independent artificial intelligence company. We operate at the intersec... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
