
 
 
 
 Director of Product Management - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Product Management NewRez 170 reviews New York, NY NewRez 170 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Exceed the expectations of our residential mortgage borrowers & business partners through superior service, simple processes, and effective communications.
 
 We deliver on this mission by empowering our employees by encouraging and recognizing superior performance and innovative solutions, by promoting teamwork and divisional cooperation. 
 
 In this role, you will help chart the strategic direction of a DTC homeowner customer lifecycle and support execution against that strategy. Product Managers play a critical role in achieving our strategy. They lead teams of designers, engineers, data scientists and analysts to define product strategy and develop, launch, and enhance products and services that drive our business forward. 
 We are selectively recruiting for a Product Management Director to develop and launch products that will reinvent how we interact with our borrowers , make credit decisions and manage the health of our business . 
 This role is highly strategic and is uniquely positioned to drive multiplier impacts as we continue to innovate and expand our core products. At the same time, you will get to build an amazing team of talented, passionate product managers and partner with senior leaders to shape the future of our business. 
 This is a full-time role located remote or in our New York, NY offices. 
 What you will do
 Manage, develop, and hire a team of all-star product managers
 Drive the product definition, strategy, and long term vision for the DTC and B2B experiences
 Taking a customer-back and evidence based approach to defining, executing, and delivering a product roadmap
 L ead a cross-functional team of engineering, design, operations, and marketing. You'll guide product definition, strategy, and long-term vision for the area
 Partner with design to e ngage and cultivate relationships with Consumers to deeply understand their needs
 Communicate product plans, benefits and results to all audiences - within teams, to the management team, etc.
 Develop deep understanding of the customer, data, business, and industry to d rive definition of strategy and success metrics for our digital products and be accountable for the full product lifecycle
 Partner with key business stakeholders to understand their business goals, build consensus on meaningful metrics for success , and deliver insights on performance
 Deep understanding of the business environment, competitive landscape and opportunity space
 Apply cutting edge technology like automation, machine learning and artificial intelligence , and predictive analytics to reimagine the way we manage risk 
 What you need to be successful
 8 - 10+ years of product experience shipping great software effectively driving prioritization and navigating tradeoffs; ideally with a platform focus
 Clarity of thought - you can articulate a clear product vision to cross-functional partners and our leadership team , s tructured communication & storytelling skills with all audiences
 An ability to define long-term business strategies while driving impact on short-term product goals
 B ias to action and a proven track record of shipping successful products to market which exceed user expectations
 Grounding in human-centered design with a natural empathy for users
 Upbeat and collaborative teammate who is passionate about improving the future of homeownership in this new normal
 Company Perks  :
 
 15 Paid Time Off (PTO) days and 18 after 1st anniversary!
 8 Paid Holidays
 Casual Workplace
 Employee Engagement Activities 
 
 Company Benefits  :
 
 Medical (including Health Savings Account & Flexible Savings Account)
 Dental - RX – Vision – Life, Disability Insurance – 401(k) Plan with company match! – Employee Assistance Plan
 Pet Insurance! 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 
We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better. NewRez 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Product Management jobs in New York, NY Jobs at NewRez in New York, NY Director of Product Management salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from NewRez NewRez 170 reviews Newrez is a leading mortgage company that combines mortgage origination and servicing to provide a customer-first journey and help our cu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
