
 
 
 
 Service Desk Analyst - Malvern, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Service Desk Analyst Capgemini Malvern, PA Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :12+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Provide first tier technical support by directly responding to customer requests and inquiries. 
Identify IT productivity issues and provides troubleshooting, leveraging knowledge management practices, with the goal of remediating incidents. 
Educate customers and communicates troubleshooting steps. 
Resolve routine hardware and software incidents and is able to apply knowledge, troubleshooting expertise, and judgment to Resolve more difficult issues. 
Follow documented workflow and established standards. 
Escalate to the appropriate technical resources for more complex incidents. 
Adhere to customer communication engagement tool standards (including phone logging and ticketing systems) and is available during scheduled shifts. 
Participate as an integral part of the team, exhibiting ownership, Follow through, initiative, awareness and effective communication with customers, peers, upper tiers, and management. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 24 days ago original job Report job Technical Support Specialist jobs in Malvern, PA Jobs at Capgemini in Malvern, PA Technical Support Specialist salaries in Malvern, PA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
