
 
 
 
 HR Consulting – Programs - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HR Consulting – Programs Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission.
 If your expertise is Program Management, you have meticulous organizational skills, high attention to detail and Operations, then this is the role for you! In this role you will have an opportunity to drive key strategic program like retention, Performance and development that will help scale and change the way we operate our business, with high visibility to the business. While there are a variety of responsibilities of an HR Consultant, most of this role is focused on building and scaling projects and programs and working collaboratively with multiple stakeholders to deliver these high impact initiatives. You will not only execute on the required skills but also be able to influence, educate, and drive results. 
The Cloud + Artificial Intelligence (C+AI) group is leading the way to enable Microsoft’s Cloud-First/Mobile-First strategy, and to transform both the industry and the future of enterprise computing. Our HR Consulting team provides world class HR service to the ~30,000 US managers and employees of C+AI.
 Responsibilities 
HR Solutions Consulting 
Provides expert consulting services to managers and employees in one or more focus areas related to HR programs, processes, and initiatives; engages and collaborates with HR partners to influence the decision-making related to managed programs, processes, and initiatives; analyzes the situations for a business, region, or geography and offers perspectives as a subject matter expert. 
Conducts, informs, and/or participates in cross-functional data analysis related to processes managed, with data supported by Human Resources Business Intelligence (HRBI); partners with Human Resources Business Partners (HRBP) on organizational health diagnostics to identify and present trends/insights in a structured way; escalates risks and concerns related to organizational health. Interprets reports based on the business/local context; makes ad-hoc, data-driven recommendations by doing research and communicating with business leaders. 
 Capability Building 
In partnership with peer Human Resource (HR) disciplines and professions (e.g., Talent Management, Learning and Development), manages/implements scalable capability building projects, programs, and/or other initiatives (e.g., manager excellence community, manager capability, onboarding, team-building, rewards communication) by leveraging existing resources/solutions to mitigate duplicated efforts for a business, region, or geography. 
Uses data to participate in identifying and anticipating training needs within a business, region, or geography; recommends customized solutions (e.g., training, communication) to address capability gaps, and coordinates and/or delivers training. 
HR Project and Programs 
Drives the execution, implementation, and/or operation of scalable Human Resources programs (e.g., Rhythm of Business (ROB)/performance and development cycle, management excellence communities, employee movement, ad-hoc projects); acts as a liaison to collaborate with Center of Excellence (CoE) and a business, region, or geography. 
Leads the design and implementation of local HR projects or programs (e.g., critical positions retention, mid-year performance checkpoint) based on the unique needs of a business, region, or geography. 
Leverages, aligns, and integrates communication strategies and messages from the Center of Excellence (CoE) and customizes the messages (e.g., resource documents, training documents, presentations, web-based information) for a business, region, or geography. 
Operational Compliance 
Understands and applies Microsoft values and current HR policies regarding managed projects and programs (e.g., leave and retirement, immigration, performance improvement program); advises employees and managers on compliance to policies and procedures. 
Facilitates the localization/update of policies and procedures related to managed projects and programs by analyzing trends and making recommendations to Human Resource (HR) partners (e.g., HRBP); may manage and initiate the updates to policies (e.g., benefits-related) in collaboration with peer HR disciplines (e.g., HR Shared Services Support). 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
7+ years of experience with Human Resources or business programs/processes OR 5+ years of experience with Human Resources or business programs/processes with Bachelor’s degree 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR)/Society for Human Resources Management-Certified Professional (SHRM- CP) 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job HR Consultant jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA HR Consultant salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
