
 
 
 
 AI (Artificial Intelligence)Digital Compliance Manager - Chicago, IL 60601 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI (Artificial Intelligence)Digital Compliance Manager Anthem Chicago, IL 60601 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 SHIFT: Day Job 
 
SCHEDULE: Full-time 
Your innovation. Our impact . At  Anthem, Inc. , it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater health for our communities, and greater experiences for our customers. Innovation is a top priority. Here, you’ll have an opportunity to work in a collaborative environment that brings together industry leaders and technology experts, so together we can  drive the future of health care. 
 This is an exceptional opportunity to create solutions and programs that can truly make a difference at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. 
 Digital IT Compliance Manager 
 **This position can be located within 50 miles of any Anthem office**
 Works with system analysts, software designers and programmers to evaluate, design and implement compliance controls as applicable. Works with moderate guidance and is responsible for collaborating with stakeholders to analyze, evaluate and enhance compliance to internal standards, contracts, laws and regulations. Evaluates the internal control and risk environment within the Digital organization. Continuously assesses opportunities to improve the internal control environment within the Digital organization.
 Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
 Develop and document a technical framework that supports the primary Data Security policies 
 Performs comprehensive testing and monitoring of technical controls to ensure adherence to internal standards, contracts, and regulations. This includes conducting data integrity reviews to ensure data is accurate, complete, reliable and timely. Provides feedback to impacted parties for the purpose of improving quality going forward. 
 Identify current and emerging risks associated with digital compliance. 
 Document effective procedures to identify and address applicable Privacy and IT Compliance requirements, and to ensure that data is being collected and used in accordance with those requirements. 
 Develop and implement tests for validating only required data is being collected, that it is handled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and the appropriate methods for ensuring accuracy are in place. 
 Promote Privacy and Data Security awareness and assist with the development of applicable training.
 Identify current and emerging risks associated with IT Compliance. 
 Monitor the development and execution of IT Compliance Corrective Action Plans and initiatives to resolve identified control deficiencies and achieve process improvement opportunities. 
 Work collaboratively with internal stakeholders across the enterprise to ensure that controls are in place and working effectively.
 Analyze data to identify anomalies and risk mitigation actions 
 Work closely with other IT team members and end users to provide solutions based on business requirements during all phases of the development and life cycle management process 
 Participate in IT controls and compliance external audits and lead support of IT audits 
 Provides performance feedback to team members and resource managers 
 
 Qualifications 
 BA/BS in information systems or related major; minimum of 3 years technical compliance/auditing experience and 3-5 year’s experience in broad-based information systems, full life-cycle application development and/or building enterprise applications and/or data warehouse planning and development or an equivalent combination of education and experience required. Minimum of 5 year’s experience in a technical compliance/audit position.
 Experience in digital transformation knowledge and concepts 
 CISA Certification Preferred
 Experience working for a large technical company in IT Compliance 
 Knowledge and Experience with AI- Required
 Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and is a 2018 DiversityInc magazine Top 50 Company for Diversity. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran 
 AnEqualOpportunityEmployer/Disability/Veteran Anthem 30+ days ago original job Report job Compliance Officer jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Anthem in Chicago, IL Compliance Officer salaries in Chicago, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
