
 
 
 
 Software Engineer II - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Software Engineer II Microsoft Bellevue, WA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you looking for an opportunity to solve business-critical problems for both internal and external customers using cutting-edge natural language technology? Do you enjoy tackling technical challenges and producing innovative solutions to real-world problems? Then come join the Cognitive Services language team in Microsoft. 
Our team does is responsible for building out a framework and internal platform that supports use case specific customization of natural language models for a variety of language tasks. The services and components are used by multiple Cognitive Services language products. 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a passionate, creative, driven individual who thrives in a start-up-like environment. We are seeking the best & brightest talent to help drive forward our overall impact in the space of Natural Language and Artificial intelligence. As an engineer, you will contribute to building and optimizing services and infrastructure to specialize custom language models using customer specific data for various common language tasks. We are looking for a candidate with background computer science, natural language processing, machine learning, math, or systems engineering. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
2+ years of software development experience (C#, C++ or Python). 
1+ years of experience in cloud services development. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with Azure Cognitive Services 
Experience with Azure Machine Learning or machine learning techniques 
Excellent technical problem solving, design, coding and debugging skills as evidenced by prior projects. Proficiency in design and implementation of algorithms and architectures. 
Experience in dealing with ambiguity, and to handle changes in customer requirements. 
BS/MS degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. 
#AIPLATFORM# 
#AIPLATREF# 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years after. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 27 days ago original job Report job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Bellevue, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
