
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Audio & Signal Processing, Augmented Reality - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Software Engineer, Audio & Signal Processing, Augmented Reality Google San Francisco, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following:  Mountain View, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or equivalent practical experience.
 6 years of software development experience with C++, Java, or Python, or 3 years with a doctorate degree. 
 5 years of applied signal processing experience.
 Software development experience in Machine Learning. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related technical field. 
 Experience with auditory analysis and speech processing, including multi-mic topologies for beamforming, sound localization, and spatialized audio.
 Experience with embedded development: Microcontroller programming, firmware development.
 Experience with Signal Processing. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
 
The Visualization and Sound team within Google Devices and Services develops user experiences that leverage advancements in sensing, perception, visualization and sound to bring new capabilities for augmentation. As a Software Engineer, you will join our team to contribute to our machine learning and signal processing efforts, which will inform both product and research directions. You will advance productization in these areas through engineering, research, design and development. You will help ideate, prototype, evaluate, and eventually productize novel experiences in a highly collaborative work environment.
 Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Devices & Services team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, the Devices & Services team is making people's lives better through technology. 
Responsibilities 
 Manage signal processing research and implementation for audio processing (e.g., beamforming, localization, speech separation).
 Help initiate and coordinate cross-team efforts to realize product, research and user impact.
 Contribute to overall team leadership, including mentoring team mates, establishing and supporting a team culture of software engineering excellence.
 Work on systems integration between Android, perception, and front-end modules.
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Software Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA Software Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
