
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Algorithm Design and Analysis Associate - Austin, TX 78712 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Algorithm Design and Analysis Associate University of Texas at Austin 1,027 reviews Austin, TX 78712 University of Texas at Austin 1,027 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Posting Title:
 Machine Learning Algorithm Design and Analysis Associate
 -
 Hiring Department:
 Applied Research Laboratories
 -
 Position Open To:
 All Applicants
 -
 Weekly Scheduled Hours:
 40
 -
 FLSA Status:
 Exempt
 -
 Earliest Start Date:
 Immediately
 -
 Position Duration:
 Expected to Continue
 -
 Location:
 PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS
 -
 Job Description:
 Basic and applied research in statistical machine learning, deep learning, and data science as well as signal and information processing to advance the state of the art in sonar automation.
 -
 Job Details:
 Responsibilities
 Perform data analysis, data pre-processing, and feature engineering in support of advanced machine learning algorithm development. Incorporate physical and operational insights/constraints into statistical models to achieve a high degree of robustness.
 Prototype algorithms for proof of concept, validation, and software implementation.
 Support performance evaluations and the transition of algorithms into next-generation demonstration and production systems.
 Convey the results of scientific research to sponsors and the scientific community through briefings, conferences and peer-reviewed publications.
 Other related functions as assigned
 Required Qualifications
 Bachelor's degree in computer science or electrical/computer engineering or related technical field.
 Demonstrated ability in machine learning/artificial intelligence (ML/AI) development and/or scientific modelling and data analysis.
 Demonstrated ability with python/MATLAB or similar abstract language.
 Experience with both traditional ML and modern deep learning approaches.
 Applicant must have a dynamic skill set, be willing to work with new technologies, be highly organized and capable of planning and coordinating multiple tasks. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem-solving skills and excellent judgment. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without daily supervision and effectively communicate with diverse groups of clients. Able to work under deadlines and accept supervision. Regular and punctual attendance.
 US Citizen. Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.
 Preferred Qualifications
 Master’s degree in computer science or electrical/computer engineering or related technical field.
 Two or more years of python or related language development.
 Extensive experience going through the whole model development cycle – data collection, data analysis/cleaning, and model evaluation and hyperparameter tuning.
 Experience with deep learning methods, convolutional neural networks in particular, for audio or speaker recognition problems; especially any domains with multiple data streams, e.g. an array of microphones, hydrophones, or antennas.
 Experience with recurrent models for time series forecasting or related problem domains and/or experience with generative adversarial networks.
 Experience with ensemble models such as random forest or gradient boosted trees.
 Additional experience in the areas mentioned in the required qualifications.
 Experience with physical modeling, acoustics, signal processing and/or sonar; tracking and classification algorithms and applications; developing in a Linux environment and C++/Python programming.
 Proven ability to work independently, formulate research questions, and take initiative.
 Eligibility for immediate access to classified information.
 Cumulative GPA of 3.0 with a 3.5 in major coursework.
 General Notes
 An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.
 Please mark "yes" on the application question that asks if additional materials are required. Failure to attach all additional materials listed below may result in a delay in application processing.
 Visit our website ( www.arlut.utexas.edu ) for additional information about Applied Research Laboratories.
 Salary Range
 $76,000-$90,000+/negotiable depending on qualifications
 Working Conditions
 Standard office conditions
 Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
 Use of manual dexterity
 Some weekend, evening and holiday work
 Possible interstate/intrastate travel
 Required Materials
 Resume/CV
 3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
 Letter of interest
 Unofficial college transcript
 Important  for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers:  You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.
 Important for Current university employees and contingent workers:  As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.
 -
 Employment Eligibility:
 Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.
 -
 Retirement Plan Eligibility:
 The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.
 -
 Background Checks:
 A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.
 -
 Equal Opportunity Employer:
 The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer , complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.
 -
 Pay Transparency:
 The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
 -
 Employment Eligibility Verification:
 If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.
 -
 E-Verify:
 The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The university’s company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. University of Texas at Austin 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Texas at Austin University of Texas at Austin 1,027 reviews The University of Texas at Austin is a nationally ranked, tier-one research institution and one of the largest employers in central Texas... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
