
 
 
 
 VP, Claims Business Intelligence - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Claims Business Intelligence Chubb 788 reviews United States Chubb 788 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. VP, Claims Business Intelligence(Job Number: 336581) 
Description 
POSITION SUMMARY: 
 
 Chubb Claims is seeking a Business Intelligence leader who’s passionate about power of data and its critical impact to decision making. The person will be responsible for defining and executing BI strategy and roadmaps. 
 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Foster data-driven decision-making culture in Claims organization. Lead change management to drive adoption of business intelligence solutions. Strive to improve metrics utilization through all levels of the organization via champion program, training, support and other creative avenues. 
 Act as Product Manager of Agile Release Train. Lead 2-4 cross-functional teams each comprising of 8-10 resources from IT, onshore/offshore vendor partners to deploy BI solutions. 
 Execute claims data strategy as part of the corporate data strategy. Consolidate and standardize all claims data. Own claims data lake governance. Collaborate with IT partners to establish center of excellence team to align data needs within Chubb. Be an advocator claims data lake solution and promote it as valuable corporate asset. 
 Design/deploy new and enhance existing business intelligence tools to provide timely and actionable insights within Claims. Share/leverage successful BI products, processes, and practices across the Chubb enterprise. 
 Ensure monthly BI applications release within SLA and with minimum issues. Support the delivery of quarterly claim trend analysis. 
 Develop, manage, and execute roadmap to migrate on-prem BI solutions to cloud. 
 Manage vendor support teams to address critical data quality issues. Set proper priorities. 
 Participate in the development of formal business cases, including recommendation of business priorities with the highest value that are aligned with business and technology strategy, and advise business on options, risks, dependencies, and costs 
 Work closely with claims discipline leaders and claims optimization to discover business needs for new BI solutions and solicit feedback on existing BI solutions for continuous improvement. 
 Engage with claims stakeholders across levels to manage user expectations, and communicate milestones, changes, decisions and achievements. 
 ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Build and maintain a solid understanding of the major trends in big data, data visualization, artificial intelligence and cloud computing that could have a positive impact on the business. 
 Build and maintain an in-depth understanding of business process and products across Claims and IT and establish strong working relationships with business leaders, functional counterparts and vendors. 
 Understand the Claim business and IT strategy and/or sourcing direction and how they impact the relationships with specific vendors. 
 Manage individual workload, manage multiple priorities and deliver to agreed upon milestones. 
 Ensure documentation is thorough, captured appropriately, meets best practices and compliance standards and is easily assessable to the team members. 
 Qualifications 
QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree required. Advanced degree preferred in Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Data Science, Computer Science, Actuarial Science, Statistics, Applied Math, or other related fields 
 10+ years of experience in insurance or financial services industry. Strong business acumen and vision, with comprehensive understanding of property and casualty insurance, claims operation, process automation and transformation 
 5+ years of experience in leading successful medium to large sized cross-functional projects. 3+ years of experience as product manager or product owner in Agile framework, 
 Solid understanding of data visualization techniques and concepts, including experience with visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlik, PowerBI, etc. 
 Solid understanding of modern data architecture methods, especially cloud-based that support large datasets. Experience with MS Azure a plus. Experience in coding in SQL, Python, R, or SAS 
 Results oriented with proven track record of successful deliverables with measurable impact. 
 Strong organization and time management skills. Ability to manage multiple initiatives simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. 
 Capable of navigating through ambiguity and adapting to changing priorities. 
 Strong influence, facilitation, negotiation, and problem-solving skills. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Effectively strategize, create, build and deliver presentations through impactful story telling with data. 
 EEO Statement 
At Chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. Our policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions or opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, ancestry, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, age, and pregnancy or any other characteristic protected by law. Performance and qualifications are the only basis upon which we hire, assign, promote, compensate, develop and retain employees. Chubb prohibits all unlawful discrimination, harassment and retaliation against any individual who reports discrimination or harassment. 
 
 Work Locations - Basking Ridge Basking Ridge 07920 
 
Other Locations - USA-New Jersey-Jersey City, USA-New Jersey-Whitehouse Station 
 
Job - Risk Management and Analytics 
 
Travel - No 
 
Job Posting - Apr 9, 2021, 9:35:32 AM Chubb 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in United States Jobs at Chubb in United States Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Chubb Chubb 788 reviews Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
