
 
 
 
 Senior DevOps Engineer - Carlsbad, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior DevOps Engineer Ezoic 8 reviews Carlsbad, CA Temporarily remote Employer actively reviewed candidates 5 days ago Ezoic 8 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Ezoic, a VC backed Google Certified Publishing Partner is an easy-to-use, yet incredibly sophisticated machine learning platform that allows digital publishers to automatically test content, layouts and ads to enhance user experience and increase digital revenue. Our platform reaches more than 300 million unique individuals each month and is growing quickly. 
 We're looking for a highly-motivated, self-starting DevOps Engineer that is excited to learn new cloud technologies and languages. You will help manage our infrastructure within AWS to keep the thousands of sites we power running smoothly. You'll also be involved in our CI/CD pipeline to keep our software engineers moving quickly, and use infrastructure as code to keep our systems up to date. 
 This is a full-time employee position, no C2C please. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Perform and automate system administration services including installation, configuration, maintenance, and disaster recovery of hundreds or thousands of EC2 instances in 10+ regions. 
Control EC2 instance life-cycle and other AWS resources 
Respond to production incidents, troubleshoot, resolve, and document. 
Analyze, troubleshoot and resolve system, software, network, and storage failures for a globally distributed cloud infrastructure 
Configure, test, deploy, and upgrade software for production EC2 servers in AWS 
Author and recommend settings for applications, operating systems, networks, and cloud services to improve performance, security, and reliability 
Design and develop monitoring and 100% uptime solutions for critical systems including our own in-house web hosting offering. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 3+ years experience with both software engineering and sysops or 6+ years' experience as a devops engineer or similar. 
Extensive experience with cloud computing and virtualization. 
Expert knowledge of Linux. 
Proven understanding of networking (TCP/IP, DNS, etc) 
Experience in 24x7 productions operations, preferably in a highly available SaaS or cloud service provider. 
 Life as an Ezoic engineer: 
 Ezoic is an inaugural member of the Google Certified Publishing Partner Program. This means we work closely with Google to help websites optimize their ad revenue. We actually have won awards directly from Google for the artificial intelligence that we've built. Cool, right?!? 
 Ezoic is a technology-first company. Our CEO is a developer by trade, and our engineers are given all the tools needed to succeed. We empower our engineers to make a lot of their own decisions about both design and implementation, and encourage them to come up with new ideas to improve the application. We also aim to keep a good work-life balance, based on our philosophy that happy engineers are more productive. We want you to be working on something that you are passionate about and allow engineers to move around to keep things fresh. 
 Currently all engineers work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. We have a brand new office in Carlsbad, CA, where we plan to return this year sometime when the world goes back to normal.  This means that we are only looking for engineers who are in or willing to relocate to the Carlsbad, CA area , but we can be flexible on timing based on the pandemic. Every engineer works at their own quad-monitor setup on a standing desk. We pride ourselves on getting stuff done, but when you need a break, Ezoic offers great perks, including unlimited vacation time, catered lunches, snacks, flexible hours, ping pong, video games, and pool. We also encourage VTO, and all employees are welcomed to take 20 hours of paid volunteer time off. 
 #ZR Ezoic 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Development Operations Engineer jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Ezoic in Carlsbad, CA Development Operations Engineer salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ezoic Ezoic 8 reviews Ezoic is a Google award-winning, VC-backed startup that provides sophisticated machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions to ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
