
 
 
 
 Research Associate - AI Digital Health - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate - AI Digital Health Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Research 
Why Mayo Clinic 
The Research shield at Mayo Clinic is committed to creating a diverse environment and recognizes that diverse research teams make better decisions, are more equipped to solve complex problems and adapt to change, and produce better outcomes. That diversity is about opening up to unconventional ideas that create better outcomes, while recognizing colleagues' unique contributions. Become part of the legacy that embraces these differences and enables us to provide the best care to patients from all over the world. 
Position description 
We are currently seeking a talented postdoctoral Research Associate with research interest in clinical and biomedical informatics to join the Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Informatics program with Dr. Guoqian Jiang .  The appointee will join a diverse team of researchers in Mayo Clinic Standards & Interoperability Program to perform research on the following: 
Clinical data standards 
Information modeling 
Biomedical ontologies 
Standards-based phenotype models 
Integrated clinical data repositories and applications in clinical and translational research 
Requirements and desirable skills include: 
 Ph.D. in Biomedical Informatics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, or a related discipline 
Knowledge of big data techniques and data mining are a plus 
Demonstrated informatics expertise (clinical common data models, clinical natural language processing, clinical terminology and ontology, clinical data warehouse and secondary use of EMR applications) 
Good interpersonal and communication skills 
A demonstrated commitment to working collaboratively and a strong interest in working with clinicians and biomedical researchers 
Familiarity with semantic web framework/technologies and programming skills in a variety of languages 
A Research Associate at Mayo Clinic is a temporary transitional role with the primary purpose to allow qualified individuals to work within an established investigator's program in preparation for an academic and/or independent research career. The ability to perform specialized or complex functions would typically be demonstrated through review of scientific accomplishments, contributions, and peer-reviewed publications averaging at least one per year post doctoral degree. The Research Associate is expected to provide leadership support and training within an established research program. 
The following is required for completeness of application: 
Current curriculum vitae with bibliography 
Proof of doctoral degree (copy of diploma or final transcript with English translation, if applicable) or a letter from your university's Registrar office indicating you have fulfilled all doctoral program requirements and are eligible to graduate. 
Please also be prepared that you may be asked to provide three letters of recommendation to the hiring PI prior to an interview. 
Qualifications 
Must have a Ph.D., M.D. or equivalent doctoral degree in a field deemed relevant by the program. Requires at least three years of postdoctoral research experience at Mayo Clinic or elsewhere with evidence of publications and other scientific accomplishments. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Postdoc & Temporary Research 
Specialty 
Research 
Job posting number 
136480BR 
Recruiter 
Katrina Giese 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Research Associate salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
