
 
 
 
 Manager of Advanced Analytics - Natick, MA 01760 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager of Advanced Analytics MathWorks 119 reviews Natick, MA 01760 MathWorks 119 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We are looking for a top-tier data analytics leader to build up our in-house capabilities in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and advanced analytics. Leading a team of senior analysts, you will manage custom pricing analytics, prospecting applications as well as deliver new insights and capabilities to support our data-driven culture. You will play a leadership role working with other analytics managers across the business to establish analytics standards, best practices and data governance. To succeed in this role, you need to be pragmatic, understand the business context for models and strive to use data to continuously improve our customer experience and operations.
 
 Lead the team by engaging business stakeholders to understand their needs, develop hypotheses and deliver quantitative models that drive business decisions. 
 Ensure your team of data scientists are able to prepare their findings using data visualization and storytelling in a way that easily conveys the insights to the business. 
 Manage the project intake and prioritization process where you and your team are participating or leading multiple, concurrent, cross-functional data science projects. 
 Be a key contributor in building the data science function across the enterprise by independently delivering impactful analyses and collaborating with other analytics teams on developing best practices. 
 Create multi-dimensional models across disparate datasets/departments to highlight the bigger picture opportunities for cost/time savings, business growth and improved customer experience 
 Use machine learning and artificial intelligence to go beyond the current state analytics and provide forward-looking models that inform business strategy. 
 Develop data science governance, best practices, and processes across the business. 
 Keep abreast of new techniques and work with your team to test and implement them. 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science and 7+ years of experience in statistical modeling or master’s degree in advanced analytics with 5+ years of experience preferred. 
 2+ years of experience leading a technical team including; recruiting, development and managing team dynamics 
 Experience in releasing production-quality AI/ML/DS applications 
 Highly proficient in SQL, MATLAB and/or Python, R 
 Experience building models in marketing and business datasets, both structures and unstructured 
 Collaboration tools: Jira, Confluence, SharePoint 
 Knowledge of web application development using Perl, PHP, and JQuery a plus. 
 
 A bachelor's degree and 7 years of professional work experience (or equivalent experience) is required. 2 years management experience is required. MathWorks 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analytics Manager jobs in Natick, MA Jobs at MathWorks in Natick, MA Analytics Manager salaries in Natick, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MathWorks MathWorks 119 reviews COVID-19 Update: MathWorks continues to hire. During this challenging time we will conduct interviews and onboarding virtually while ensu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
