
 
 
 
 PCB Engineer I - Brookfield, WI 53005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PCB Engineer I Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Brookfield, WI 53005 Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
 INNOVATE WITHOUT BOUNDARIES!  At Milwaukee Tool we firmly believe that our People and our Culture are the secrets to our success - so we give you unlimited access to everything you need to create disruptive new technologies and solutions on our electrical engineering teams. Our Engineering Team is responsible for giving life to the batteries, motors, and electronics that power solutions changing the lives of our users. Every developmental phase of these critical components happens in-house under the watch of this team. We continue to invest in electrical engineering resources to design and develop leadership in electronic capabilities; something unique within the industry. And we're pushing the limits in firmware engineering, power electronics, embedded systems, machine learning, and the use of artificial intelligence. 
 
 Behind our doors you'll be empowered every day to own it, drive it, and do what it takes to design and develop the biggest breakthroughs in the industry. Meanwhile, you'll have the support and resources of the fastest-growing brand in the construction industry to make it happen. 
 
 Year after year, our team continues to make significant breakthroughs in the industry. We're just getting started. To learn more about our story click  HERE. 
 
 The PCB Engineer I, is a part of the Printed Circuit Board Design team focusing on the design and analysis of complex PCBs and assemblies for high volume production. You will establish trusting relationships with cross-functional teams globally to perform design and evaluation of current and future products. Your duties also include ensuring that performance specifications are met in addition to compliance with manufacturing and agency requirements. 
 
 You'll also be DISRUPTIVE through these duties and responsibilities: 
 Review, understand, and audit schematics in-depth while highlighting concerns to the design engineers. 
 Design and run SPICE / MATLAB simulations for necessary parts of the circuit / system 
 Independently gain full understanding of the schematic and system to define all layout requirements. 
 Proactively & closely work with electrical and mechanical engineers to deliver tightly packaged PCB designs 
 Establish agency expertise and best practices to share with/elevate other layout designs in high voltage/frequency layouts, EMI mitigation, and thermal management optimization. 
 Manage your own layout requests, scheduling, and planning, and proactively communicating with the team to resolve conflicts. 
 Apply a manufacturing mindset to designs to effectively and efficiently mass produce products. 
 What TOOLS you'll bring with you: 
 Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering or related field. 
 High aptitude in schematic capture, PCB layout software, SPICE, MATLAB, and industry best practices for PCB design. 
 Skilled in circuit theory, tolerance analysis, and design. 
 Proficiency in basic Mechanical CAD functionality like NX or SolidWorks. 
 Other TOOLS we prefer you to have: 
 High proficiency in Microsoft Office programs, especially Excel and Power Point. 
 We provide these great perks and benefits: 
 Robust health, dental and vision insurance plans. 
 Generous 401 (K) savings plan. 
 Education assistance. 
 On-site wellness, fitness center, food, and coffee service. 
 And many more, check out our benefits site  HERE. Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Brookfield, WI Jobs at Milwaukee Tool in Brookfield, WI Engineer salaries in Brookfield, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Milwaukee Tool Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Since the company began in 1924, Milwaukee Tool has led the industry in developing innovative solutions that deliver increased productivi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
