
 
 
 
 AppDynamics Channel SE - Northeast - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AppDynamics Channel SE - Northeast AppDynamics 29 reviews New York, NY AppDynamics 29 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today, but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.
 
 Why you’ll love AppDynamics: 
AppDynamics is an application performance monitoring solution that uses machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) to provide real-time visibility and insight into IT environments. With our unique AIOps solution, you can take the right action at exactly the right time with automated anomaly detection, rapid root-cause analysis, and a unified view of your entire application ecosystem, including private and public clouds. Using AppDynamics, you’ll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver flawless customer experiences at scale. We make the digital world work. Our vision is to empower people and machines to continuously advance business performance to benefit everyone
 
 Your challenge: 
As part of the AppDynamics team you’ll enable our customers to focus on building features rather than troubleshooting issues. Every day, we help our customers proactively prevent application issues and slowdowns and expedite the root cause analysis of those issues. We make the war room a thing of the past by mapping applications end-to-end, in real-time, from the user's end device all the way to backend applications and databases.
 As an Associate Sales Engineer you’ll be a trusted advisor who partners with our Field Sales Team to provide unparalleled support to our customers, ensuring they understand the full power of the AppDynamics platform. Everything from demoing the platform to ensuring a successful hand-off to our Professional Services and Customer Success teams after the sale are all in a day’s work for you.
 
 About you: 
To be successful in this role, you’ll be a technical consultant who thrives in finding and solving our customer’s real-world, production issues. You’re a self-starter with an entrepreneurial spirit who will work closely with our Sales Teams to strategize which accounts to target, generate compelling pipeline generation messages, and customize demonstrations that are relevant to those customers. Looking to grow? We’ll help there, too! Successful Sales Engineers have gone on to leadership roles and beyond.
 
It’s important for us to say that sometimes a candidate may have that “X” factor. If you think you have potential for this role, go ahead, apply! We keep your application on file, so even if this isn’t the role for you, we look at our database first for new roles that open up.
 
 The impact you’ll have includes: 
Your first meeting of the day could be a deep technical conversation with an architect/engineer followed by a high-level discussion with a CIO that lets your passion for technology shine.
 Aligning our customers with the best solutions based on their unique environments and how we’ll support them. Empathetic listener – we are only as good as the customer champions we build. Ability to define your own career path – from technical and managerial to even a different domain within Cisco. The sky’s the limit for the right individual.
 
The experience you’ll need to succeed Bring your passion for technology and presenting! Every Sales Engineer at AppDynamics has a specialized focus which may include any of the following: Proficiency in a field facing technical role using Java, .NET, PHP, JavaScript and messaging components such as ASP.NET, ASMX, WCF, MSMQ. Expertise in the following areas: OS command lines including Unix, Linux, Window command prompts as well as Unix, Linux, Windows shell scripting. Knowledge of basic networking components and concepts. Ability to troubleshoot basic networking issues that may prevent communication between hosts. Experience with application performance management technology and techniques, along with Cloud and Big Data technologies. Skilled in Java web application architecture frameworks, distribution mechanisms and messaging components such as servlets, struts, Spring, EJB, web services, RMI, JMS, MQ-Series.
 
 Our Team: 
As a team, we believe Sales Engineers are entrepreneurs that own their destiny with full autonomy. We are collaborative partners with our sales team, and all are dedicated to achieving results. Our manager realizes sales can be stressful and may not have traditional working hours, but so long as everyone is in sync, we are able to choose how to best do our job and when those hours might be.
 
 Why AppD+Cisco?: 
The world is changing. Today, people and devices are more connected than ever before, raising the bar for performance and the customer experience alike. At AppDynamics, we’re unified in our mission to empower the enterprise with an AI-powered application performance monitoring solution that provides visibility and insight into the IT environment, as well as unified monitoring down to the network, so you can make mission critical and strategic decisions that drive business forward in real-time. When AppDynamics was acquired by Cisco for $3.7B it was the day before we were planning on going public. This strategic acquisition was 2.4 times more than we were planning to exit at, which highlights how much Cisco values the AppD business. So, why did they invest so much in us? As part of Cisco, AppDynamics will serve a critical role in helping drive Cisco's continued transformation into a software company. Being a part of the Cisco family allows us to benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
 So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us!
 
We will ensure that individuals who need help during the application process are provided reasonable accommodation to participate, to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 AppDynamics as a part of Cisco is an equal opportunity employee.
 #LI-CISCO Cisco Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at AppDynamics in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from AppDynamics AppDynamics 29 reviews AppDynamics is an application intelligence company that provides enterprises with the next generation of APM software to monitor, manage,... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
