
 
 
 
 Python Coder - Las Vegas, NV 89119 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Python Coder betworks Las Vegas, NV 89119 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Bet.Works is a leading provider of technology services and solutions focused on the rapidly expanding U.S. sports betting and interactive gaming spaces, which is estimated by major Wall Street analysts to grow to $12 billion by 2025 and reach $50 billion at maturity. We provide turnkey solutions and product innovations by leveraging proprietary full-stack technology, a leading risk management and trading system, and a complete range of sophisticated managed service offerings. 
 
 
We have recently announced a pending merger with Bally’s Corporation (NYSE: BALY), which will own and operate 14 casinos in 10 states. In doing so, Bally’s will become the premier, full-service, vertically integrated sports betting and iGaming company in the U.S. operating under a single, preeminent brand. This will enable the launch of Bally’s omni-channel B2B2C business model. Upon completion of the acquisition, Bet.Works will operate sports betting and iGaming as “Bally’s Interactive.” 
 
 
We are excited about this transformation and growth phase for Bet.Works/Bally’s Interactive and we are looking to add top talent to our existing 130 team members. This is a tremendous opportunity to join a dynamic company at the leading edge of a fast-growing market. 
 
 
Role 
 
The Python Coder will be an expert in machine learning who will help us extract value and insights from our data in order to make future predictions as well as automate operational data models. You will lead all the processes from data collection, cleaning, and preprocessing, to training models and deploying them to production. 
 
The ideal candidate will be passionate about artificial intelligence and data analysis to stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the field. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Managing available resources such as hardware, data, and personnel so that deadlines are met 
 Analyzing, Assessing, and checking the quality of ML algorithms via accuracy, RMSE, and other quality related indicators that could be used to solve a given problem and ranking them by their success probability. 
 Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world 
 Verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning 
 Supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed 
 Defining validation strategies 
 Defining the preprocessing required on given datasets 
 Training models and tuning their hyperparameters 
 Analyzing the errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them 
 Deploying models to production 
 
 
Qualification and Education Requirements: 
 
 Proficiency with a deep learning framework including but not limited to Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras. 
 Proficiency with Python and basic libraries for machine learning 
 Expertise in visualizing and manipulating big datasets 
 Expertise creating dashboards and reporting 
 Familiarity with Linux 
 Ability to select hardware to run an ML model with the required latency betworks 30+ days ago original job Report job Coding Specialist jobs in Las Vegas, NV Jobs at betworks in Las Vegas, NV Coding Specialist salaries in Las Vegas, NV Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
