
 
 
 
 MD/ DO/ PA/ NP (Per Diem) - San Marcos, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MD/ DO/ PA/ NP (Per Diem) The Wound Pros, LLC San Marcos, CA Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Earn $100 per patient visit, work during your free time. Great source of extra income. 
 
 Wound Pros is looking for per diem staff (MD/ DO/ PA/ NP) to see treat our patients  in various markets across the country, to provide and manage advanced wound care to patients who are homebound patients or in long-term care facilities. 
 The Wound Pros is a nationwide Wound Care Medical Group. Our full-service wound care strategy has added enormous value to patients who are homebound or reside in long-term facilities across the country by providing an array of essential tools including: Digital Wound Management, Telemedicine, Advanced EHR System, Mobile Vascular Assessment, Digital Supply tracking, as well as Advanced Wound Care Dressings.
 By leveraging the power of Artificial Intelligence, we have been able to heal wounds faster and more efficiently. By joining our team, you will be able to be a part of our mission to heal wounds and prevent amputations in long-term care facilities.
 Responsibilities and Duties: 
 Perform complete physical exams of patients. Select, order, and perform tests and procedures to best treat the patient. Perform wound care procedures as deemed necessary and appropriate for plan of care in accordance to Wound Pros 6 Step Treatment Protocol. Define and document patient diagnoses. Recommendations for prescription of required medications and/or Surgical/Wound Care Dressings to facilitate wound healing and/or wound prevention. Assure all patients are completely satisfied, by exemplifying Wound Pros standards for patient care. Patient education and management Assists with special projects as needed. Debridement of wounds by various methods completed safely during the patient visit. Application of topical wound care and other wound management products Notate findings and treatment course in patient chart, including follow-up notes. Actively participate in departmental activities to improve training methods and achieve company goals. Travel to patients' homes and/or long re facilities is be required.
 Qualifications: 
 MD/DO/PA/NP must be a graduate of an accredited school of Allopathic Medicine or Osteopathic Medicine. Physician's Assistants should be a graduate of an accredited Certified Physicians Assistants Program  License to practice Medicine as a MD/DO/NP/ PA-C with a current valid state license.  Patient-centric approach Excellent verbal and written communication skills in a professional environment Must be proficient with medical instruments and equipment required by Wound Pros. Ability to communicate effectively, in verbal and written form. Sound understanding of all federal and state regulations. Ability to lift 50 lbs. or more. Must have full range of mobility. Must be able to reposition patients. Valid and unrestricted driver's license
 Please note: Only shortlisted applicants will be contacted for Interviews. The Wound Pros, LLC 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Nurse Practitioner jobs in San Marcos, CA Jobs at The Wound Pros in San Marcos, CA Nurse Practitioner salaries in San Marcos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Wound Pros, LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
