
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Amgen 1,538 reviews Tampa, FL Amgen 1,538 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Career Category
 Information Systems
 Job Description
 Amgen is seeking a Senior Associate Data Scientist to join the Operations Information System organization. This position will partner with Supply Chain to build leading edge analytics applications. Our success is inspired by our dedication to our patients, to our business clients, and to using technologies that deliver critical business value. We value individuals who have high personal standards of productivity, quality and ethics. We value people who are intellectually curious and love learning. You will need to have the ability to quickly learn about the biotechnology operations value chain, including supply chain, logistics, and manufacturing systems. We are looking for someone who can work independently but values collaboration and learning from others.
 Core Responsibilities for the Role:
 You will evaluate and utilize state of the art technologies (data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, modeling, and simulation tools) to meet Supply Chain business needs
 Build high-performance algorithms, prototypes, predictive models (supervised and unsupervised) and proof of concepts
 Translate complex problems and solutions and provide actionable insight to executives
 Transform ambiguous business questions into measurable and impactful insights
 Collaborate cross-functionally with supply chain business partners to develop proof of concepts and industrialize analytics and modeling applications for scale.
 You will collaborate with the data engineering team members to ensure all services are secure, reliable, maintainable, and well-integrated into our existing platforms.
 Present analysis, ideas, progress, and results to business partners in clear and impactful manner
 Basic Qualifications
 Advanced Degree in Data Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research or Supply Chain Management
 Experience building a variety of machine learning, forecasting or statistical models
 Proficiency in Python or R
 Experience writing SQL queries, mining large and imbalanced datasets, using data visualization tools
 Ability to translate complex data sets and research into simple business recommendations
 Excellent communicator able to write and speak about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences
 Aptitude for quickly ramping up on new technology
 Ability to juggle several complex projects simultaneously
 Taking initiative and work independently with minimal supervision
 Preferred Qualifications
 Experience building Anaplan models or similar planning and forecasting modeling is highly preferred
 Experience building models for Integrated Business Planning or Sales and Operations Planning is highly preferred
 Knowledge of clinical trials lifecycle and clinical demand planning is highly preferred
 Kinaxis RapidResponse experience
 Experience creating dashboards in Tableau
 Experience with ML libraries like scikitlearn, MLib, Keras, TensorFlow, Pytorch, etc.
 Experience with distributed (Spark, Dask) and cloud (AWS, GCP) computing
 Biotech / Pharma experience
 . Amgen 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at Amgen in Tampa, FL Data Scientist salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amgen Amgen 1,538 reviews How does Amgen defy imagination?
We live the mission. We win together. We thrive on continual challenge.

We are all different, yet we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
