
 
 
 
 Oliver Wyman - Consultants, Engagement Managers - Private Equity - US - New York, NY 10036 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Oliver Wyman - Consultants, Engagement Managers - Private Equity - US Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews New York, NY 10036 Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. THE PRACTICE 
 
Oliver Wyman’s Private Equity team in North America are looking to hire consultants to support its rapid growth. The team works with private equity investors throughout the deal transaction lifecycle: from opportunity identification through due diligence and post-transaction value realization. At Oliver Wyman, we take a multi-specialist approach to our engagements, bringing teams comprising both deep industry and functional expertise, supported by proprietary approaches and a world-class network. This enables our clients to achieve differentiated results, both on deals and post-transaction.
 We have completed hundreds of engagements for leading private equity firms across North America, Europe, the Middle East, China and Southeast Asia creating sustainable shareholder value. 
This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a successful team at the center of the firm’s strategy. Consultants are given the opportunity for rapid professional growth, to participate in entrepreneurial work, and to share in the achievement of the team. 
Job Specification 
Practice Groups: Financial Services (including Insurance), Communication, Media & Technology, Education Services, Industrials and Healthcare 
Location: United States 
Roles: Consultants and Engagement Managers 
The Role and Responsibilities 
 
We are not typical ‘management’ consultants. We provide industry- and discipline-specific knowledge and expertise, which amplifies our impact and helps us shape the future for our clients. 
The team is looking for experienced professionals who are already working in or are interested in focusing on one or a subset of various industries, serving private equity clients. These industries include: FinTech, InsurTech, Communications, Media and Technology (CMT), Education, Industrials and Healthcare.
 Oliver Wyman is a diverse and entrepreneurial partnership of individuals who like to pursue new opportunities or build a unique franchise doing what they do best in a collegial, fun environment. 
Clients hire Oliver Wyman for specialized expertise, the ideal candidate will have most of the following: 
Professional working experience with exposure to commercial and operational due diligence in a management consulting firm. 
Individuals who have worked across or within industries within Private Equity. 
Knowledge and in-depth experience with customer research techniques (interviews, surveys, focus groups, etc.). 
A strong background in strategic problem solving with demonstrable analytical skills. 
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills in both formal and informal settings. 
Fluent in English. 
An undergraduate or advanced degree from a strong academic program. 
Know how to take the initiative, seeking out opportunities to learn new skills and put the ones you’ve already got to good use. 
Not just intelligence, but creativity too: you’ll be ready to come up with novel ideas to solve our clients’ biggest problems. 
Have an aptitude for analytical work, like sniffing out clues in massive data sets or hunting down the key issues in a hugely complex challenge. 
A willingness to work fluidly and respectfully with our incredibly talented team. 
Consultants
 You will have at least 2+ years of pre and/or post transaction experience working in private equity at a management consulting or PE firm. You will break down complex strategic problems into discrete tasks and identify the key aspects of a problem across various industries and services within Private Equity. 
You will effectively manage the execution of individual project workstreams and multiple due diligence reviews. This typically includes but is not confined to: 
Develop hypotheses and execute complex quantitative analysis, through conducting and analyzing primary (complex survey and interviews) and secondary research. 
Drive development of primary research tools (interviews, surveys, focus groups) and analysis/distillation of insights. 
Driving insights through analysis of large datasets. 
Driving the story line of workstreams. 
Engagement Managers
 Engagement Managers are the on-scene leaders who lead our projects day to day. You will lead and execute due diligence engagements and/or post-transaction engagements aimed at supporting private equity funds and their portfolio companies
 You will ensure that findings are insightful, and data driven. It’s a role that demands thought leadership at a strategic level – and command of all the technical and operational details of execution. You will need great communication skills and the ability to forge strong relationships. 
OUR VALUES & CULTURE 
 
We’re serious about making OW a rewarding, progressive, enjoyable and balanced place to work. 
Self-starters and free thinkers who work well in a team 
We are individuals who are self-starting, motivated, energetic, entrepreneurial about what we do 
Common aspiration, collective endeavour, shared success 
We have the common aspiration to have an impact, leave a legacy and change the world. We have no interest in running a steady-state business. We want to build, grow and shape the environment around us 
Straightforward, open, respectful interaction 
We value an environment where every member of Oliver Wyman is encouraged and expected to voice his or her opinion 
Opportunity without artificial barriers 
We value merit and believe that to create a true meritocracy we need to remove artificial barriers to opportunity 
Balanced lives 
We value people whose lives balance work and non-work activities because we believe they are both more interesting colleagues and are able to make better contributions to the Firm. We push ourselves hard to deliver excellence, but we also work to extract the maximum benefit from the flexibility of a project-based business. We provide the ability to take career breaks for personal or family reasons. We fundamentally value each other’s time and are sensitive to how it is used. We are an output not input-based culture, have respect for people’s personal decisions, and believe that one's workload must be sustainable. We seek balance for ourselves and our colleagues. Marsh & McLennan Companies 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engagement Manager jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Marsh and McLennan in New York, NY Engagement Manager salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Marsh and McLennan Marsh and McLennan 935 reviews Marsh & McLennan Companies operates through four subsidiaries. Marsh specializes in insurance broking and risk management; Mercer is a co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
