
 
 
 
 Open Rank - Assistant/Associate Professor - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open Rank - Assistant/Associate Professor Northeastern University 616 reviews Boston, MA Northeastern University 616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  504228 
 Position Type:  Faculty Full-time (Tenure/Tenure Track) 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  College of Science 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
The Department of Physics at Northeastern University invites applications for two positions, preferably at the rank of Assistant Professor (tenure-track) in theoretical high energy physics (HET), beginning in academic year 2021-2022. Exceptional senior candidates will be considered for appointment at higher ranks. 
 
The search is at the interface of HET and machine learning (ML), including both applications of ML to HET, and also HET to ML. We welcome applications from all corners of the HET community, including both formal theory and phenomenology. There will be opportunities to collaborate with Physics and AI researchers in the Boston area through Northeastern's involvement in the NSF AI Institute for Artificial Intelligence and Fundamental Interactions (IAIFI). Additional opportunities for collaboration exist through the recently-launched Northeastern Institute for Experiential AI. Cross-college appointments will be welcomed where appropriate. 
 
In the Northeastern University College of Science, we embrace a culture of respect, where each person is valued for their contribution and is treated fairly. We oppose all forms of racism. We support a culture that does not tolerate any form of discrimination and where each person may belong. As a College, we strive to have a diverse membership, one where each person is trained and mentored to promote their success. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
Faculty members at Northeastern are expected to develop independent research programs that attract external funding; teach courses at the graduate and undergraduate level; supervise Ph.D. students and postdocs in their area of research; and participate in service to the department and university. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Applicants must hold a Ph.D. in physics or a closely related field (such as math or computer science) by the appointment start date. We encourage applications from candidates in academia or industry. 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
FAC 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Interested candidates should apply here with a current and planned research statement, a teaching statement, a curriculum vita, a list of publications, an equity and diversity statement, and contact information for three references. Applications will be reviewed beginning on December 15, 2020.More information on the Northeastern University Department of Physics can be found at https://cos.northeastern.edu/physics/. 
 
Informal inquiries can be addressed to Prof. Jim Halverson, j.halverson@northeastern.edu. 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  17 Nov 2020 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Associate Professor salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 616 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
