
 
 
 
 Scientist - Theory & Computational Science - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Scientist - Theory & Computational Science General Atomics and Affiliated Companies San Diego, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies. 
 
The GA Theory and Computational Science Department conducts fundamental research in the theory of fusion plasmas and facilitates scientific discovery through advanced computing. Located at the site of the DIII-D National Fusion Facility, the group provides theoretical and simulation and modeling support to DIII-D, as well as to ITER and other fusion experiments worldwide. 
 
We currently have an opportunity foran experienced scientist to carry out research in a broad array of areas including kinetic theory, pedestal/boundary physics, plasma-material interaction, plasma and neutral fluid numerical simulation, as well as associated numerical methods and applied mathematics. The focus area is flexible depending on both the applicants’ skills and programmatic opportunities. This position requires general supervision with limited review and is responsible for determining and developing effective computational approaches for solving a wide range of challenging scientific problems related to both tokamak magnetic fusion – including DIII-D, ITER and other fusion concepts – as well as more general numerical simulation of fluid and kinetic systems. 
 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Participate in the ongoing development of GA HPC codes, including a novel new framework (ALMA) for the simulation of plasma and fluid systems. 
Participates in the development and integration of boundary, pedestal, plasma-material interaction, RF, kinetics, and/or core physics codes and their applications to integrated simulation of tokamak experiments including DIII-D and ITER. 
Participates in the planning and integrated modeling of experiments in present tokamaks and future devices and performs verification and validation of modeling codes. 
Develop theoretical approaches for the description of plasma and fluid equations, as well as numerical methods to solve the resulting equations. 
Optimize codes for multicore (OpenMP) and GPU (OpenACC/CUDA) systems. 
General support of both HPC and integrated modeling efforts within the Theory Group. 
Apply modern approaches to machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) to assist in development of advanced reduced models.
 Present and publish research results at professional meetings and refereed journals. 
Provide documentation, give technical presentations as required, and assist in responding to proposals for existing and new business opportunities. 
Guide activities of less-experienced postdoctoral fellows. 
Performs other duties as assigned or required. 
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. 
 Job Qualifications: 
Typically requires a Bachelors degree, Masters degree or PhD in a scientific or related technical field and progressively complex scientific experience as follows; six or more years experience with a Bachelors degree, four or more years experience with a Masters degree, and two or more with a PhD. Equivalent scientific experience may be substituted in lieu of education.
 A Master’s degree or PhD in physics, mathematics or computer science is highly desirable. 
Must have a complete understanding of relevant scientific concepts, principles, codes, and theory, and experience demonstrating a broad application of those concepts. 
Must organize, schedule, and coordinate work phases, and determine the appropriate approach at the task level or, with assistance, at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems. 
Must have strong communication, computer, documentation, presentation, and interpersonal skills, and the ability to work independently or as part of a team. 
Must be able to perform complex tasks in the scientific area, and lead a team of less experienced professional employees on semi-routine tasks. 
Able to work extended hours and travel as required. 
Original work published in professional scientific journals or formal technical equivalents is highly desirable. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 25 days ago original job Report job Scientist jobs in San Diego, CA Scientist salaries in San Diego, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
