
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Modeler, Cash App - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Modeler, Cash App Cash App San Francisco, CA 94103 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Cash App is the fastest growing financial brand in the world. Built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic money app with over 36 million active monthly users. 
Loved by customers and by pop culture, we’ve held the #1 spot in finance on the App Store for almost two years, and our social media posts see more engagement in a day than most financial brands see in a year. 
With major offices in San Francisco, New York, St. Louis, Portland, Kitchener-Waterloo, Toronto and Melbourne, Cash App is bringing a better way to send, spend, and save to anyone who has ever sought an alternative to today’s banking system. 
 
 Job Description 
Machine Learning is an integral part of how we design products, operate, and pursue Cash App’s mission to serve the unbanked as well as disrupt traditional financial institutions. Our massive scale and deep trove of transaction data create an endless number of opportunities to use artificial intelligence to better understand our customers and offer new products and experiences that can improve their lives. We are a highly creative group that prefers to solve problems from first principles; we move quickly, make incremental changes, and deploy to production every day. 
This role is part of our Cash App's ML team and will be deeply embedded within one of our product teams - here are the workstreams we're currently hiring for: 
Product Health 
You'll build machine learning models that detect fraudulent activity in real time and help keep our customers safe and secure. You will experiment with state-of-the-art algorithms to drive down false positives, collaborate on new product features to drive fraud losses down, use any and every dataset at your disposal (including 3rd party data) to engineer new features for risk models, verify customer documents using OCR, and use biometric and device signals to detect malicious logins and account takeovers. 
Lending 
Our Lending team works on models that drive marketing, pricing, and risk management for our consumer lending products. Through your work you will empower the team to understand the financial performance of origination cohorts, optimize our automated decisioning pipeline using AI/ML, and help identify new opportunities for growth in our customer base. You will experiment with various modeling techniques on our comprehensive customer data and see your solution through to production by partnering cross-functionally with finance, product, and engineering teams. This role is best suited to someone with prior experience in the consumer credit or lending space. 
Banking 
Working closely with the Banking Product and Financial Platform teams, you will lead development of analytical and ML solutions that utilize our data to power optimizations across our Cash debit card and bank account products. Your work will aim to increase the customer adoption of banking products, reduce the manual operational load caused by banking features, and grow the overall revenue of Cash Banking as a whole. You'll be required to identify ML opportunities, prioritize your time, and solve complex problems where ML will have a significant impact for both our banking customers and/or the operation teams that support them. 
P2P Network 
As part of Cash App’s Network product workstream, you will design and build AI/ML systems to help millions of Cash App customers pay and get paid with new and exciting experiences. Through your work, you will empower the workstream to better understand our customers’ payment journeys, personalize their payment experiences using AI/ML, and help identify new opportunities for product improvement. You will employ a variety of modeling techniques on our comprehensive customer data and scale your solution to production by partnering closely with design, product, analytics, and engineering teams. We are open to have remote members join for this position. 
Recommendations & Incentives 
Cash App has a multitude of products for customers to use and make sense of including Boost Rewards, Fractional Share Investing, Bitcoin, and Peer-to-Peer Payments. On this team, you will work closely with Product and Engineering to drive customer satisfaction, engagement, and acquisition via personalized recommendations and optimized incentives around these Cash App product areas. You will build models that surface relevant products, features, and rewards while reducing decision fatigue and overload. You will get to be a champion for the customer by selecting metrics that balance customer needs with business requirements. You will have opportunities to use a variety of approaches including recommender systems, collaborative filtering, and deep learning. 
Technologies we use (and teach): 
Python (NumPy, Pandas, sklearn, xgboost, TensorFlow, keras, etc.) 
MySQL, Snowflake, GCP/AWS and Tableau 
Java 
 
 Qualifications 
You have: 
3+ years experience with applied Machine Learning or Deep Learning 
A graduate degree in Computer Science, AI, ML, Applied Math, Stats, Physics, or a related technical field 
Worked with Product, Design, and Engineering to prioritize, scope, design, and deploy ML models 
A track record of providing mentorship and technical leadership 
An appreciation for the connection between the software you build and the experience it delivers to customers 
Additional Information 
Cash App treats all employees and job applicants equally. Every decision is based on merit, qualifications, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with each office’s corresponding state and city guidelines. Cash App 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Cash App in San Francisco, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cash App Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
