
 
 
 
 Product Portfolio Finance Manager - MBU - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Product Portfolio Finance Manager - MBU Micron Boise, ID Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 292643 
As Mobile Business Unit Financial Analysis Manager at Micron Technology, Inc., you will be responsible for supporting the business unit with financial leadership and control in evaluating and executing long-term business strategies and making long-term strategic decisions. You will be responsible for the business unit’s long-term/financial analysis modeling, channel financial reporting, portfolio/Opex rationalization, and finance lead in MBU profitability initiatives. You will prepare, analyze, and present the analysis required to support business unit decisions. By collaborating with the Business Unit teams (Strategic Planning, Biz Ops, Marketing, Pricing) and partnering organizations (Supply Chain, Engineering, Corporate Strategy, and Manufacturing), you will promote return on investment mentality and influence business results through financial and operational data analysis, responding to customer requests, and presenting recommendations for improvements. You will measure results against business unit strategy, industry benchmarks, and competitive data. Additional responsibilities include finance support for quarterly planning by demonstrating on MBU Finance team’s Model P&L, pricing analysis for executive pricing reviews, and lead for operational improvements/efficiencies. 
As a senior member of Finance, a person in this position will be looked upon to provide leadership in crafting an environment where business and financial information is accessible, timely, accurate, and relevant to the decision-making process. You are encouraged to be a trusted advisor to management through interpreting business results and assessing business risks. 
 This position can be located in either Boise, Idaho or San Jose, California. 
Responsibilities: 
Ensure accurate financial controls and governance are in place concerning long term strategic and product portfolio decisions 
Lead MBU’s Profitability taskforce which involves a team of cross-function groups, establish accountability to key results, and drive achievement of profitability goals 
Participate in cross-functional efforts to develop portfolio analysis tools and processes and drive rationalization of portfolio/Opex relative to peer business divisions 
Partner with Strategic Planning and Corporate Strategy in developing long term strategic plans for the business 
Prepare, analyze and present channel financials and operational data to Channel executives 
Support Pricing team in quarterly executive pricing reviews by analyzing ASP trends, highlighting issues, and driving analytics for improved pricing structure 
Support MBU in driving the right business decisions by utilizing a broad range of financial modeling and using operational and financial data warehouses, pricing models, return on investment/net present value, and product cost analyses 
Qualifications: 
Significant exposure to business management and strategic planning activities 
Proven track record to perform in an environment characterized by volatility, uncertainty, and complexity 
Ability to influence others, build consensus, and resolve conflict 
Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills and the ability to work across functional boundaries 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Results-oriented. Self-starter 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Education and Experience: 
MBA preferred
 10+ years of Finance and investment evaluation experience 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Accounting/Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 5 || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Portfolio Manager jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Portfolio Manager salaries in Boise, ID Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
