
 
 
 
 HR Consultant - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications HR Consultant Microsoft Redmond, WA 98052 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description – HR Consulting is a key partner in enabling a Microsoft culture where all managers and employees can thrive. Come join our Scaled Solutions team as an HR Consultant, where you will partner across HR and business leaders in four of Microsoft’s Engineering functions to identify and activate the HR rhythm of the business. Our team partners with employees across Artificial Intelligence & Research (AI+R), Experiences & Devices (E+D), Gaming, and the Office of the CTO (OCTO) to plan and execute scalable initiatives. Our tenents build on our ability to create scalable solutions while acting in an impartial and objective manner to create an inclusive environment through the consistent application of our Microsoft practices, policies, and philosophies. 
Responsibilities 
HR Project and Programs 
Drives the execution, implementation, and/or operation of scalable Human Resources programs (e.g., Rhythm of Business (ROB)/performance and development cycle, management excellence communities, employee movement, ad-hoc projects); acts as a liaison to collaborate with Center of Excellence (CoE) and a business, region, or geography. 
Leads the design and implementation of local HR projects or programs (e.g., critical positions retention, mid-year performance checkpoint) based on the unique needs of a business, region, or geography. 
Leverages, aligns, and integrates communication strategies and messages from the Center of Excellence (CoE) and customizes the messages (e.g., resource documents, training documents, presentations, web-based information) for a business, region, or geography. 
 Operational Compliance 
Understands and applies Microsoft values and current HR policies regarding managed projects and programs (e.g., Annual Rewards, Quarterly Promotions, Career Development); advises employees and managers on compliance to policies and procedures. 
Facilitates the localization/update of policies and procedures related to managed projects and programs by analyzing trends and making recommendations to Human Resource (HR) partners (e.g., HRBP); may manage and initiate the updates to policies (e.g., benefits-related) in collaboration with peer HR disciplines (e.g., HR Shared Services Support). 
 HR Solutions Consulting 
Provides expert consulting services to managers and employees in one or more focus areas related to HR programs, processes, and initiatives; engages and collaborates with HR partners to influence the decision-making related to managed programs, processes, and initiatives; analyzes the situations for a business, region, or geography and offers perspectives as a subject matter expert. 
Conducts, informs, and/or participates in cross-functional data analysis related to processes managed, with data supported by Human Resources Business Intelligence (HRBI)/Human Resources (HR) Report; partners with Human Resources Business Partners (HRBP) on organizational health diagnostics to identify and present trends/insights in a structured way; escalates risks and concerns related to organizational health. Interprets reports based on the business/local context; makes ad-hoc, data-driven recommendations by doing research and communicating with business leaders.
  Capability Building 
Conducts one-on-one consulting/coaching with managers on performance management and development-related processes based on established training agenda and communication plans; conducts or designs training sessions/events for employees and managers. 
In partnership with peer Human Resource (HR) disciplines and professions (e.g., Talent Management, Learning and Development), manages/implements scalable capability building projects, programs, and/or other initiatives (e.g., manager excellence community, manager capability, onboarding, team-building, rewards communication) by leveraging existing resources/solutions to mitigate duplicated efforts for a business, region, or geography. 
Uses data to participate in identifying and anticipating training needs within a business, region, or geography; recommends customized solutions (e.g., training, communication) to address capability gaps, and coordinates and/or delivers training. 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
7+ years experience with Human Resources or Business programs/processes
 OR Bachelor’s Degree AND 5+ years experience with Human Resources or Business programs/processes. 
 Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR)/Society for Human Resources Management-Certified Professional (SHRM-CP). 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 26 days ago original job Report job HR Consultant jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA HR Consultant salaries in Redmond, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
