
 
 
 
 Platform Engineer - DevOps Specialist L3 - Burbank, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Platform Engineer - DevOps Specialist L3 Capgemini Burbank, CA Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration:8+Months 
Responsibilities: 
AWS Data Engineer [US and Canada focus] 
6+ years of experience in data pipeline engineering for both batch and streaming applications 
Must be hands-on coding capable in at least a core Language skill of (Python, Java or Scala) with Spark 
Expertise in working with Distributed DW and Cloud Services (like Snowflake, Redshift, AWS, etc.) via scripted pipelines for at least 2 years 
This role intersects with ?Big Data? stack to enable varied Analytics, ML, etc. Not just ?DW? type workload 
Business Domains like Sales & Marketing, Direct to Consumer, Adsales of particular interest 
Handling large and complex sets of XML, JSON, and CSV from various sources and databases 
Solid grasp of database engineering and design 
Leveraged frameworks & orchestration like Airflow as required for ETL pipeline 
Identify bottlenecks and bugs in the system and develop scalable solutions 
Unit Test & Document deliverables 
Capacity to successfully manage a pipeline of duties with minimal supervision 
Required Technical Skills: 
Very high test score Python, SQL, DW Concepts & Logic 
A core Language skill of (Python, Java or Scala) with big data frameworks such as Spark is must 
Variety of EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Snowflake 
Strong SQL 
Other SQL based databases, like Oracle, SQL Server, etc. 
AWS Cloud knowledge 
Nice to have: Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable big data data stores 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Platform Engineer jobs in Burbank, CA Jobs at Capgemini in Burbank, CA Platform Engineer salaries in Burbank, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
