
 
 
 
 File Clerk (Nashville, TN) - Nashville, TN 37203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search File Clerk (Nashville, TN) Sitel 11,772 reviews Nashville, TN 37203 Sitel 11,772 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training, and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills, and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest, and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences, and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customers touch points. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 Position 
 
 Temporary File Clerk 
 
 Core Responsibilities 
 
 Assist with file room reorganization and overhaul.
 Corporate Minute Book Maintenance for a multitude of entities across multiple jurisdictions.
 Additional Filing as needed for other departments in Nashville, TN office. 
 Qualifications 
 
 High School/GED required, Bachelor’s degree, preferred, Paralegal certification a plus 
 Basic Administration and organizational skills 
 Extensive experience with Corporate Minute Books maintenance, including, creating organizational documents, articles of incorporation, resolutions, stock certificates, etc. 
 Location 
 
 Nashville, TN Sitel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job File Clerk jobs in Nashville, TN Jobs at Sitel in Nashville, TN File Clerk salaries in Nashville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,772 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
