
 
 
 
 Manager, Artificial Intelligence - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Artificial Intelligence Yum! Brands 640 reviews Plano, TX Yum! Brands 640 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We are looking for an experienced, detail-oriented individual to join the Yum! Innovation team to play a key role in our goal to step-change QSR industry using current and future technologies. This individual will work with a variety of our vendor partners from startups to global players, in our digital lab and agile environment, and with cross-functional teams across our brands and markets globally to solve our exciting business challenges and identify potential opportunities. 
 
This individual will also learn our business, apply creativity and experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML) and Computer Vision (CV) technologies to provide industry leading customer and team member experience through better order accuracy and faster speed of service. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
This individual will work in a lab setting and have deep, hands-on experience with a variety of AI & CV systems, and techniques including object detection, action recognition, segmentation, tracking, retrieving depth maps/3D reconstruction 
 Partner with our existing and new vendors to evaluate assist in building prototype to assess their capability in our digital lab and complete technical feasibility study 
 Evaluate state-of-the-art models, algorithms by prototyping/testing in lab setting, studying feasibility and efficiency, and perform technical performance benchmarking, and analyze to support engineering decisions 
 Propose and implement creative, efficient solutions, and promote demonstrable technology using prototypes, and take them to in-store pilots by integrating with systems, and collaborating with Yum teams on technology roadmap 
 Partner with vendors to evaluate, analyze and optimize hardware, software and related processes to build scalable models 
 Collaborate with other innovation teams to ideate, evaluate use of software and AI to support their priorities including Robotics, Automation, IoT & Connected Kitchen 
 Triage, troubleshoot, and resolve issues found in systems and integration, and work with relevant teams in addressing them 
 Lead or Assist in installation and running of prototype demonstrations 
 Write and review technical documents including technical requirements, design documents and data models 
 Ability and willingness to learn new technologies, assess their capabilities and maturity level in addressing our unique needs 
 Keep up with technology & trends by attending conferences, reading, and reaching out 
 
 Passions: 
 
Design: Building great consumer and team members experiences 
 Innovation: Seeing the world differently and generating solutions 
 Contribution: Building something that differentiates our brands 
 Learning: Willingness to learn new technologies 
 Entrepreneurial: See challenges and identify opportunities for improvement 
 Team Work: Reach out and Collaborate to build functional and technical know-how from our brands and markets 
 
 Degree: 
 
M.S. degree from an accredited university and specialization in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and/or Computer Vision. 
 Ph.D - Preferred 
 
 Experience: 
 
2+ years hands-on experience in AI and Computer Vision, and ability to build and troubleshoot issues in Cloud Development, Deployment & Administration 
 Experience in machine learning algorithms for vision problems, including deep learning 
 Experience in real-time video analytics pipeline, and knowledge of internal hardware, 3D camera designs, design logic, and camera logic 
 Familiarity, hands-on experience in Software systems architecture, Integration, Optimization and 3rd party cloud AI services including AWS, Azure and GCP 
 Experience in Conversational AI (Text and Voice) - Preferred 
 Experience in Retail and Hospitality - Preferred 
 
 #DICE 
Yum! Brands, Inc., has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories, making it a leader in global retail development primarily operating the company’s brands – KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell – global leaders of the chicken, pizza and Mexican-style food categories. The Company’s family of brands also includes The Habit Burger Grill, a fast-casual restaurant concept specializing in made-to-order chargrilled burgers, sandwiches and more. In 2019, Yum! Brands was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index and in 2020, the company ranked among the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by 3BL Media.
 As the world's largest restaurant company, we have a clear and compelling mission: to build the world's most loved, trusted, and fastest-growing restaurant brands. The key and not-so-secret ingredient in our recipe for growth is our unrivaled culture and talent, which fuels our results. To that end, we're looking for talented, motivated, team-oriented individuals to join us and have the opportunity be your best, have fun, make friends, and make a positive impact. 
 
We are excited about the future growth of our brands. In fact, as a company we are opening an average of 8 restaurants a day worldwide! This growth creates endless opportunities for professional, as well as personal growth. Customer sentiment and love for our brands is the fuel for our excitement! Taco Bell has been named one of the 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World by Fast Company. Pizza Hut delivers more pizzas than any other pizza company in the world, KFC's still uses its 75-year-old finger-lickin' good recipe, including secret herbs and spices to hand-bread its chicken every day, and the Habit Burger Grill is looking to expand its regional footprint across the country. 
Check out some of our great benefits: 
 
 4 weeks of vacation per year plus holidays 2 paid days off per year to volunteer Onsite childcare through Bright Horizons Onsite dining center (yes, you can eat KFC, Taco Bell or Pizza hut every day!) Onsite dry cleaning, laundry services, concierge Onsite gym with fitness classes and personal trainer sessions Tuition reimbursement, education benefits and scholarship opportunities Discounts for life’s adventures (ex: theme parks, wireless plans, etc.) Generous parental leave for all new parents and adoption assistance program 401(k) with a 6% matching contribution from Yum! Brands with immediate vesting Comprehensive medical, vision and dental including prescription drug benefits and 100% preventive care Recognition based culture and unique, fun events year round Healthcare and dependent care flexible spending accounts Company paid life insurance Grow Yourself Week which is devoted to your personal development Yum! Brands 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Manager jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Yum! Brands in Plano, TX Business Intelligence Manager salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Yum! Brands Yum! Brands 640 reviews Yum! Brands, Inc., has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories, making it a leader in global retail developmen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
