
 
 
 
 Adjunct Faculty - Computer Science - Aurora, IL 60506 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjunct Faculty - Computer Science Aurora University 91 reviews Aurora, IL 60506 Remote Aurora University 91 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Aurora University seeks talented adjunct faculty who are passionate about teaching and learning. Adjunct faculty are qualified part-time instructors offered teaching opportunities based on course demand and staffing. 
 Aurora University is searching for qualified instructors as part of its adjunct faculty pool to teach in Computer Science and related programs (i.e., MSDMD). We are seeking adjunct faculty to teach courses in computer science across the curriculum, from undergraduate to graduate, including the following courses: 
 Introduction to Computer Science 
 Introduction to Computer Programming 
 Robotics 
 Web Application Development 
 Computer Architecture 
 Data Structures & Algorithms 
 Advanced Programming 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Software Engineering 
 Database Design & Implementation 
 
While a terminal degree is preferred, a master's degree in a related field is required. Industry experience and college-level teaching experience preferred. Daytime and/or evening availability to teach remotely is preferred. When applying include the phrase “Computer Science Adjunct Application” in the subject line of the application. 
 
Please include your Java programming experience in your application materials. 
 
 Please email resume or curriculum vitae, plus cover letter stating the specific areas you are interested in teaching to:
 adjunctfaculty@aurora.edu 
 Aurora University is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Aurora University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Adjunct Faculty jobs in Aurora, IL Jobs at Aurora University in Aurora, IL Adjunct Faculty salaries in Aurora, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aurora University Aurora University 91 reviews Aurora University is a private, nonprofit, co-educational liberal arts college located in Aurora, Illinois, United States, 40 miles west ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
