
 
 
 
 STRATEGIC PROJECT ADMIN - Madison, WI 53706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications STRATEGIC PROJECT ADMIN University of Wisconsin–Madison Madison, WI 53706 Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 Discovery to Product (D2P) is a unit within the Office of the Vice Chancellor for Research and Graduate Education. D2P's mission is to empower campus innovators to realize the Wisconsin Idea by transforming ideas and technologies into products and services that change the world. Working with partners in the Innovate Network, D2P's strategic priorities include expanding and deepening the pipeline of campus commercialization projects, building a campus culture of entrepreneurship, maximizing resources and support for university innovators, and optimizing coordination across the university and regional ecosystem. D2P provides mentoring, entrepreneurial education, and grant funding to campus innovators, supported by a team of Innovation and Commercialization specialists who are veteran business developers, entrepreneurs, product managers, and start-up executives. D2P works with a wide range of projects, from social innovations and consumer product solutions to medical devices and artificial intelligence technologies. D2P also works with a wide range of campus innovators, from faculty and researchers to staff, undergraduate and graduate students, and is committed to increasing the participation and success of underrepresented innovators through proactive diversity and inclusion strategies. In addition to its own programming, D2P administers the Innovate Network website, which serves as centralized resource for campus innovators. The Innovate website brings together news, events, resources, and learning and funding opportunities offered by a wide range of university and campus affiliate programs actively supporting innovation, commercialization, tech transfer, and campus entrepreneurship. 
 
Under the general supervision of the Director of D2P, the Project Manager works independently, and is responsible for planning and implementation of a broad range of services and work products for campus and off-campus stakeholders and clients in support of D2P's mission and strategic objectives. The primary objective of this position is to support the D2P team to develop, implement, and evaluate strategic initiatives for D2P and the campus ecosystem. Good judgment, strategic thinking and analysis, excellent project management, problem-solving and communication skills are required as well as strong facilitation, consultation and convening skills and experience. This position will work collaboratively with colleagues at D2P and across campus to facilitate innovation, entrepreneurship, project administration and program development. This position will also provide support to committee and workgroups such as the Innovation and Entrepreneurship Coordinating Council, Innovate Network Members, and others. 
 
 Position Duties: 
 
 List of Duties 
 
 Institutional Statement on Diversity: 
 
 Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. 
 
The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world. 
 
For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Degree and Area of Specialization: 
 
 Bachelor's degree required. Master's degree preferred. 
 
 Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience: 
 
 Required Qualifications: 
 4 to 7 years of experience in higher education innovation or administration and business or industry development. Experience in strategic planning and implementation and organizational development and process improvement. Demonstrated skills and experience in program or policy development and analysis. Excellent project management skills. Ability to plan, lead, and manage small and large projects and studies. Demonstrated ability to establish and manage partnerships and to work effectively with university, stakeholder and business leadership. Experience coordinating and supporting committees and workgroups. Strong interpersonal and relationship management skills. Ability to work in multi-disciplinary settings, as part of a team or independently. Ability to collaborate effectively, confront and resolve conflict with diplomacy, and establish trust and mutual respect. Strong strategic thinking, problem-solving and analytic skills. Excellent organizational and time-management skills, including the ability to manage multiple priorities and deadlines, work effectively under pressure, and attention to detail. Excellent presentation and meeting facilitation skills. Strong writing skills, including grant-writing. Strong computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, and databases. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
 Experience in alumni and donor engagement and development strategies and programs. Experience in producing successful engagement, donor and outreach events. Leadership in strategic communications, marketing and outreach. Demonstrated experience in planning and implementing CRMs in higher education or business environments. Experience and relationships with Madison's entrepreneurial ecosystem and business leadership. Current knowledge of higher education innovation/entrepreneurship trends and practices. Comprehensive understanding of university policies, procedures, organizational structures, and stakeholders. 
 
 Department(s): 
 
 A347600-VCRGE/DISCOVERY TO PRODUCT 
 
 Work Type: 
 
 Full or Part Time: 50% - 100% 
 
 Appointment Type, Duration: 
 
 Ongoing/Renewable 
 
 Salary: 
 
 Minimum  $59,973 ANNUAL (12 months)
 
Depending on Qualifications University of Wisconsin–Madison 30+ days ago original job Report job Project Administrator jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, WI Project Administrator salaries in Madison, WI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
