
 
 
 
 Senior Research Investigator, Cheminformatics/Machine Learning - Princeton, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Research Investigator, Cheminformatics/Machine Learning Bristol Myers Squibb 1,967 reviews Princeton, NJ Bristol Myers Squibb 1,967 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference. 
The Computer-Assisted Drug Design team within Bristol Myers Squibb is seeking an exceptional cheminformatics scientist with an interest in library design, data mining and the use of machine learning for molecular design. In this role, the selected candidate will use cutting edge machine learning techniques combined with cheminformatics methods and techniques to accelerate the drug discovery process from hit identification through candidate nomination. Key objectives for this position will include application of cheminformatics techniques to large scale library design, identification of opportunities to influence chemical structure optimization within the context of therapeutic projects, and to enable other scientists within the team to benefit from cheminformatics tools and methods in their projects. This role is also expected to incorporate modern machine learning methods in the lead identification and lead optimization processes. 
The selected candidate will join a research team with a track record of pipeline impact across modalities and across therapeutic areas. This is an exciting opportunity as we combine the best of physics-based modeling with data analytics and machine learning to accelerate drug discovery and bring benefit to patients. 
Major Requirements: 
Ph.D. in Computational Chemistry, Computer Science, Computational Biology or related field with a focus in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence. At least 5 years of postdoctoral experience or commensurate career experience. 
Background in cheminformatics or computational chemistry is critical, with machine learning or artificial intelligence experience a plus. 
In-depth knowledge of software development life cycle, cheminformatics, computer-aided drug design, machine learning and high performance computing. 
Competency in programming and scripting required utilizing languages such as C/C++ and Python. 
Expertise in a subset of open source machine learning platforms, such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, Pandas, XGBoost, DeepChem or Scikit-Learn is beneficial. 
A basic knowledge of drug discovery processes, medicinal chemistry, biology and ADMET/PK is expected. 
This position will be operating in a multidisciplinary environment across geographic areas and a willingness to collaborate across functional teams is essential. 
An aptitude and desire to learn and apply new techniques is expected as well as personal attributes of integrity, creativity, problem solving, and a strong work ethic. 
Excellent verbal and writeen communication skills are a must. 
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues. 
Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives. Bristol-Myers Squibb 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Bristol Myers Squibb in Princeton, NJ Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bristol Myers Squibb Bristol Myers Squibb 1,967 reviews Bristol Myers Squibb is a global biopharmaceutical company committed to creating innovative medicines for millions of patients around the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
