
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Data Scientist Samaritan Ministries International Remote PURPOSE:  To provide data science services to the Samaritan Ministries International Business Intelligence department to help continuously improve the experience we provide our members. 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES 
 Explore and extrapolate advanced business intelligence insights using mathematics, statistical analysis, textual analytics, machine learning, and predictive analysis. 
 Design, create, and explain statistical models, algorithms, and forecasts in support of strategic ministry planning efforts. 
 Develop ministry A/B testing framework and test model quality. 
 Assist in the design and administration of ministry programs, processes, and applications. 
 Collaborate with the data team to build, validate, and automate data sources. 
 Advocate for proven statistical standards and practices. 
 
 Miscellaneous Duties: 
 Performs other related duties, as assigned 
 Education & experience 
 Prefer candidates with at least a master’s degree from an accredited university or the equivalent in education and experience. 
 Knowledge, Skills, Abilities 
 Collaborative, eager to learn, share knowledge, and adaptable. 
 Maintains a humble, Christ-centered attitude. 
 Excellent mathematical, machine learning, and statistical skills. 
 Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. 
 Experience working with and creating data architectures. 
 Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) along with their real-world advantages and drawbacks. 
 Ability to convey complex information and coach others in best practices for statistical modeling and forecasting. 
 Excellent listening skills coupled with an ability to ask good questions, understand concerns, and bring resolution. 
 A professional attitude with an ability to quickly develop a rapport with others. 
 Agreement with Samaritan Ministries’ vision and objectives. 
 Maintains confidentiality. 
 Prefer candidates with proficiencies in the following software: MSSQL, Python, and Tableau. 
 Travel 
 This position would require travel every so often to the office. Samaritan Ministries International 30+ days ago original job Report job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Samaritan Ministries International in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
