
 
 
 
 Travel & Purchasing Card Administrator - Norfolk, VA 23510 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Travel & Purchasing Card Administrator The New York Times 257 reviews Norfolk, VA 23510 The New York Times 257 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Business Travel Card/P-Card Administrator will report to the Accounts Payable Supervisor.
 You will troubleshoot and resolve issues in all areas of the P-Card and Business Travel cards functions.
 You will provide support to card users and employees who travel on Company business.
 You will also assist with projects, system implementations and process improvements.
 Responsibilities:
 P-Card Program Administration:
 Set up processing calendars for the year to control statement periods, payments, and expense posting.
 Process card applications, updates to user profiles, cancelations, replacements. Assist users to resolve issues.
 Administer Corp Card Admin mailbox.
 Reconcile monthly expense charges with weekly payments and investigate any discrepancies that arise
 Reconcile monthly Out of Balance report
 Provide file of data to I.T for monthly spend AIC reporting (Artificial Intelligence Categorization)
 Provide periodic reports for different groups within the Company
 Send monthly dunning notices.
 Audit and analyze P-Card reports observing our polices and internal audit guidelines.
 Business Travel Card Administration:
 Process card applications, updates to user profiles, cancelations, replacements. Assist users to resolve issues.
 Pay Central Bill account each month, and prepare journal entries to record activity
 Create monthly reports (Central Bill packages), and other reports for Compliance and other departments
 Oversee monthly reporting done by Infosys, such as Out of Policy, Transaction, Delinquency, and Aging Reports
 Audit and analyze AMEX reports following our polices and internal audit guidelines.
 Participate in special projects as assigned including system upgrades, such as migration to new booking tool.
 Other (Travel Admin)
 Help with reservations issues for rental cars, airlines, & hotels
 Request JPMC Visa cards for travelers where AMEX is not accepted.
 Basic Qualifications:
 2 years of related experience in a similar position with a progressive organization
 Associates degree in Finance or Business Administration
 Be able to respond promptly to different requests for information or assistance from users.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Be able to express ideas and prepare analyses
 Have advanced problem solving, decision making and analytical skills
 Strong customer service and interpersonal skills necessary to build and maintain relationships and interact well across all levels
 Ability to work effectively alone and in a team environment with minimal supervision
 #LI-AM1
 The New York Times is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce, one that reflects the varied global community we serve. Our journalism and the products we build in the service of that journalism greatly benefit from a range of perspectives, which can only come from diversity of all types, across our ranks, at all levels of the organization. Achieving true diversity and inclusion is the right thing to do. It is also the smart thing for our business. So we strongly encourage women, veterans, people with disabilities, people of color and gender nonconforming candidates to apply.
 The New York Times Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of an individual's sex, age, race, color, creed, national origin, alienage, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation or affectional preference, gender identity and expression, disability, genetic trait or predisposition, carrier status, citizenship, veteran or military status and other personal characteristics protected by law. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to legally protected characteristics. The New York Times Company will consider qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local "Fair Chance" laws. The New York Times 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Purchaser jobs in Norfolk, VA Jobs at The New York Times in Norfolk, VA Purchaser salaries in Norfolk, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The New York Times The New York Times 257 reviews Our mission is simple: We seek the truth and help people understand the world. This mission is rooted in our belief that great journalism... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
