
 
 
 
 HR Programs Specialist, Staff - Angeles, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HR Programs Specialist, Staff Synopsys 262 reviews Angeles, TX Remote Synopsys 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 29634BR 
 USA - California - Los Angeles, USA - California - Pasadena, USA - California - San Diego, USA - Oregon - Hillsboro, USA - Washington - Seattle 
 Job Description and Requirements 
 We are 
Talent & Leadership Development, a fun, passionate group of people working together to drive organizational impact through learning and organizational vitality. Synopsys is at a point of inflection where culture, skills development and organizational effectiveness have a heightened role in our company’s future success. We seek to enhance organizational vitality by promoting employee wellbeing and inclusion, fostering collaboration and innovation, and driving employee professional growth. 
 
 You are 
A professional workplace educator who’s successfully applied organizational development techniques to achieve business transformations. You know all the different ways that people learn. And you can pick and choose from the latest approaches and tools to us help our employees do their best. You’re more than a learning expert though. You also thrive on achieving results through direct business engagement and collaboration with internal stakeholders to understand and address their learning and organizational effectiveness needs. You’ll flourish in this role if you feel passionate about making a lasting impact, get excited about charting purpose & strategy, and love bringing ideas to life without hesitation to roll up your sleeves. 
 
 About The Role 
It’s an incredible time to be at Synopsys. Our company is growing and transforming itself to harness new customer solutions based on the unique technology capabilities across our products groups. As a Performance Consultant you’ll be our team expert on workplace learning. You’ll solve business group-specific learning needs by partnering with HRBP Directors and executives to help them leverage learning solutions and organizational effectiveness support. Additionally, you’ll focus on executive leadership development, organizational culture, and change management for the enterprise. 
What You’ll Be Doing 
Spearhead initiatives in organizational effectiveness including change management, remote work collaboration and innovation, and executive development; this includes the full spectrum from diagnosis, architecture, development to implementation and beyond. 
Own and further evolve the development curriculum and team intervention tool kit for our core teamwork competencies. 
Work with HRBP Directors to understand their organization talent plans and help them fully leverage the Talent & Leadership Development Team’s capabilities to address business needs. 
Partner with project sponsors and functional heads within and outside of HR to drive project work goals. 
Be a pro facilitator supporting team interventions, facilitation sessions and instructor-led classes. 
Drive high-profile, complex projects from inception to execution while being effective at encouraging and motivating others to support new solutions or direction. 
Coach executives and more junior team members. 
For all aspects of work, be able to organize effectively, communicate clearly, think creatively, challenge convention, and in some cases reinvent how work is done. 
What You Bring To The Team 
BA with 8+ years of related experience with post-graduate coursework or knowledge base equivalent is preferred. 
Sense of team, sense of purpose, sense of big-picture, and sense of humor. 
Knowledge of design thinking strategies, instructional design, resource creation, and communications for optimal adoption. 
Strategic understanding and proven application of adult learning, innovative learning solutions and organization effectiveness interventions. 
Strategic thinker who has designed and implemented organization-wide programs in the past. 
Solid communication and facilitation skills, and proven experience leading workshops, off-sites, meetings or training. 
Exceptional consultative, relationship building, interpersonal and influence skills. Effective at quickly establishing credibility and collaborating with others. 
Solutions-oriented, and consistently (and proactively) proposing ways to improve and evolve. 
Focus on outcomes and metrics-based results. 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 
 #LI-MK1 
#LI-MK1 
 Job Category 
 Human Resources
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 Human Resources
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Specialist jobs in Angeles, TX Jobs at Synopsys in Angeles, TX Human Resources Specialist salaries in Angeles, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 262 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
