
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Scientist, IRAD - Atlantic City, NJ 08405 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Scientist, IRAD Battelle 385 reviews Atlantic City, NJ 08405 Battelle 385 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Battelle delivers when others can’t. We conduct research and development, manage national laboratories, design and manufacture products and deliver critical services for our clients—whether they are a multi-national corporation, a small start-up or a government agency. 
 
 We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. 
 
 We are currently seeking a  Machine Learning Scientist . This position located in  Egg Harbor Township, NJ . 
 
JOB SUMMARY 
 Battelle’s Aviation Security Division provides research development test and evaluation services to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Transportation Security Laboratory (TSL). The qualified candidate for this position will support TSL Developmental Test & Evaluation (DT&E) projects, Internal Research and Development (IRaD) projects, and other company divisions with machine learning and artificial intelligence expertise. 
 
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Develop a convolutional neural network (CNN) image classifier to process large sets of stream-of-commerce (SOC) air cargo X-ray images for commodity characterization. 
 Advance ML data augmentation capabilities using Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) to generate fully synthetic air cargo X-ray image data. 
 Apply ML data augmentation techniques to synthesize Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) passenger body scans via GAN-based inpainting models. 
 Works with other team members to research and develop tools and techniques to train and test machine learning algorithms. 
 Works with other team members to design, build, modify, and implement software applications that apply machine learning methods. 
 Use machine learning techniques to perform data analysis. 
 Provide engineering support to technical staff including data preparation and labelling, training and evaluation of machine learning algorithms. 
 Develop software tools to automate workflow and tasks such as data preparation and labelling. 
 Follow user requirements and documentation to code, modify and debug programs for assigned projects or functional areas 
 Applies standard practices to analyze programs and formulate logic, prepare flowcharting, perform coding, and test/debug programs 
 Prepares and obtains approval of system and programming documentation 
 Reviews system requirements and processes 
 Support system testing as needed 
 THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED 
 Successful completion of study from an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor’s degree in computer science, machine learning, math, physics or related analytical field from an accredited college or university and at least 2 years of experience. 
 Candidates should have experience in solving problems in computer vision related to object detection, anomaly detection, etc. 
 Background in python and the data science stack (numpy, scikit-learn, etc), and deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc. 
 Candidates should have strong oral and written communication skills. 
 Candidates should be highly motivated and self-starter with a strong desire to learn. 
 Sole US Citizenship with eligibility and willingness to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Security Clearance and to obtain both TSA and DHS Suitability. 
 THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED 
 Background in x-ray or spectroscopic imaging methods. 
 Familiarity with deep learning explainability methods 
 Image analysis using ImageJ and OpenCV 
 Experience in any of the following: Bash, Docker, Git 
 Experience in user interface design and implementation 
 Prior laboratory testing experience 
 Prior experience working for TSA or DHS 
 DoD Secret security clearance 
 LEGAL DISCLAIMER 
 The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department. 
 
BENEFITS 
 Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family. 
 
 Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle. 
 
 For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers Battelle 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Atlantic City, NJ Jobs at Battelle in Atlantic City, NJ Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Atlantic City, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Battelle Battelle 385 reviews Thousands of minds, one mission.

Every day, Battelle employees are called on to solve the toughest challenges, from security and healt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
