
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Glendale, CA 91203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Beyond Limits 20 reviews Glendale, CA 91203 Temporarily remote Beyond Limits 20 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview 
Our data science team is expanding! The successful candidate will work with the data science and engineering teams on challenging projects in a variety of domains. 
Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence company and a satellite of NASA's Jet Propulsion Lab and Caltech. Beyond Limits cognitive computing technology combines numeric and symbolic techniques to provide advanced solutions that go far beyond conventional AI. 
Job Duties/Responsibilities 
Ingest, organize, and analyze data from various sources (e.g. CSV, relational database) 
Scope unstructured problems or messy data for tractable insights 
Identify candidate statistical or machine learning solutions and test their efficacy 
Communicate technical work and findings both verbally and through written reports and visualizations 
Work in a collaborative environment to brainstorm, design, implement and deliver solutions to challenging problems 
Qualifications and Skills 
5+ years of relevant industry work experience 
Excellent understanding of statistical or machine learning techniques, such as clustering, regression, time series forecasting, tree-based methods, sampling methods 
Demonstrated ability using scientific computing libraries, such as NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, and Plotly 
Programming proficiency in Python or R 
Preferred Requirements 
Ph.D. or Master’s 
Strong statistical knowledge and experience with hypothesis testing 
Fluency with machine learning algorithms, such as CNN, RNN, reinforcement learning, support vector machines, and graph-based models 
Experience with TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch 
Experience with version control systems (e.g. Git flow) 
Strong oral and verbal communication skills 
Research experience with high impact publications 
Experience working with cross-functional teams and/or customer facing work 
Please note: Due to COVID-19, all positions at Beyond Limits are currently remote. However, once our offices are fully reopened, most work is expected to be performed in-person at our main headquarters in Glendale, CA. 
About Beyond Limits 
Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence engineering company creating advanced software solutions that go beyond conventional AI. Founded in 2014 with a legacy in space exploration, Beyond Limits is transforming proven technologies from Caltech and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory into advanced AI solutions, hardened to industrial strength, and put to work for forward-looking companies on earth. We leverage this unparalleled innovation portfolio, along with proprietary cognitive technologies, to help companies solve tough, complex, mission-critical problems and transform their business. We apply a unique hybrid approach to AI, combining numeric AI techniques like machine learning with higher-order symbolic AI and expert human knowledge to deliver intuitive cognitive reasoning and information. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides explainable reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. 
 
Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 
Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. Beyond Limits 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Glendale, CA Jobs at Beyond Limits in Glendale, CA Data Scientist salaries in Glendale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Beyond Limits Beyond Limits 20 reviews Beyond Limits provides support to people with learning disabilities, mental health issues and other support needs. Our aim is to change t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
