
 
 
 
 Senior Security Architect - Vulnerability Management - Colorado Springs, CO 80907 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Security Architect - Vulnerability Management Verizon 28,908 reviews Colorado Springs, CO 80907 Verizon 28,908 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $134,400 - $249,600 a year Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 The Network Security Planning (NSP) team is seeking a Senior Vulnerability Management Architect to lead development of end-to-end security architectures and roadmaps for Verizon’s vulnerability management capabilities such as software scanning, network vulnerability scanning and on-demand self-service security scanning. The Senior Vulnerability Management Architect will also support architecture and roadmap development for Verizon’s key systems such as its 4G/5G networks, intelligent Edge Network (iEN), IoT networks and devices, and big data/cloud. The Vulnerability Management Architect will use their knowledge of vulnerability management to ensure Verizon has managed all significant security risks and eliminated redundant security capabilities. The Vulnerability Management Architect will also work with academic and research institutions to identify and mitigate long-term security threats affecting vulnerability management. 
As a member of the NSP team, you will work in a fast-paced environment focused on planning and managing security risk for Verizon’s most critical systems. You will interact with architecture and design teams building and operating new systems, security engineering and operations teams, and the Verizon CISO organization to ensure the team’s recommendations align with policy and security best practices. You will ensure the team collaborates with vendors and the broader security community to stay up to speed on the latest security developments and ensure their future capabilities align with Verizon’s needs. 
As the Service Owner, define objectives, technical work, and timeline for developing architectures, roadmaps, and requirements for vulnerability management capabilities such as software scanning, network vulnerability scanning and on-demand self-service security scanning. 
Develop architectures, roadmaps for future capabilities/enhancements, and requirements for vulnerability management capabilities across the on-premise and cloud environments that power Verizon’s network. 
Research and conduct POCs with new vendors to determine what new capabilities are viable and what could/should be on the roadmap. 
Execute RFIs/RFPs when it is time to reevaluate vulnerability management vendors and select the winning vendor. 
Document vulnerability management capabilities and deployments in artifacts such as high-level designs (HLDs) and low-level designs (LLDs). 
Shepherd deployments of vulnerability managmenet capabilities through the Network Implementation process 
Collect feedback from stakeholders and users of the vulnerability management capabilities and incorporate that feedback into the roadmap so the service continually improves. 
Create metrics/KPIs to show how the service is improving security over time. 
Support development of security architectures, roadmaps, and requirements for key Verizon systems by documenting how your security capabilities will support and protect them. 
Build relationships with program, engineering, operations, security, and CISO teams to understand how to develop plans that effectively manage Verizon’s security risks. 
Communicate progress, findings, and ensure successful handoff of deliverables to program and operational teams. 
Build domain knowledge of Verizon’s environment to understand long-term risk areas that will develop as the systems evolve. 
Provide thought leadership by participating in network and security forums and collaborating with academic and research institutions. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Experience in the vulnerability lifecycle, impact modeling and mitigation. 
Experience using vulnerability management metrics and standards such as CVE, CCE, CPE, CVSS. 
Even better if you have: 
A degree in a STEM field, (Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Engineering). 
CISSP or SANS GIAC GCIA certification. 
Experience with scanning tools such as Tenable/Nessus. 
Awareness of emerging threats and attacks mapped to effective mitigating controls. 
Sound awareness of leading vendor products/applications to include product lifecycle & release schedules. 
Subject matter expertise (SME) in one or multiple functional areas such as UNIX, Linux, Containers, Virtualization and Cloud. 
Strong written and oral communication skills. 
Ability to work independently on multiple high priority projects. 
Ability to manage multiple high-visibility, complex technical projects. 
Strong problem-solving skills. 
Knowledge with the security domains of security engineering, IAM, asset/network security, software development, assessment, testing, and operations. 
Knowledge with key Verizon system areas such as LTE, 5G, routing, switching, optical networks, IoT, big data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, etc. 
Experience building security architecture, roadmaps, and program requirements. 
22CyberNET 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $134,400 and $249,600  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best.Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Security Specialist jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at Verizon in Colorado Springs, CO IT Security Specialist salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 28,908 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
