
 
 
 
 Structural Engineer, ENTRY - Denver, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Structural Engineer, ENTRY Aevum Denver, CO Aevum, Inc. is an American technology company that designs, develops, and sells autonomous air, space, and package transportation services. The company focuses on autonomous technologies, rapid logistics, e-commerce, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. 
 
Our Social Mission 
 
Aevum, Inc. was founded to democratize the access to space and directly enable space-based assets that can connect the other half of the world that currently do not have access to the internet. We believe that the right technologies deployed in space can help make the world better and transcend the unity of humankind. 
 Aevum provides comprehensive space logistics and launch services to enable government and commercial customers to reliably deploy small spacecraft to space. Aevum provides these comprehensive services by designing, developing, and operating autonomous technologies, launch vehicles, and global logistics networks. 
 
Our Social Mission 
 
Aevum, Inc. was founded to democratize the access to space and directly enable space-based assets that can connect the other half of the world that currently do not have access to the internet. We believe that the right technologies deployed in space can help make the world better and transcend the unity of humankind. 
 
Department 
 
The Expendable Rocket Vehicles (ERV) team of the Ravn X department  of Aevum designs, develops, launches, and maintains the expendable rocket vehicles of the Ravn X autonomous launch vehicle (AuLV), namely the Stages Two and Three. The Expandable Rocket Vehicle-A (ERV-A) is the first rocket vehicle developed for this system and our department has the objective of delivering ERV-A to the Space Logistics department within budget and schedule in order to be able to launch satellites into low Earth orbit. 
 
Position Description 
 
The ERV team is seeking a mechanical/structural engineer to help with development of metallic and non-metallic aerospace structures as well as ground support equipment. You will be responsible for assisting structural and mechanical engineering leads and execute specific tasks with minimal direction as requested. 
 
The structural/mechanical engineer will produce designs and documentation to support small to large assemblies of primary or secondary structures and mechanisms as requested. The structural/mechanical engineer supports internal and external reviews and provides proper support to the upper management team as requested. The structural/mechanical engineer reports directly to the AEVUM ERV-A Chief Engineer. 
 
The ideal candidate is academically astute, inquisitive and relentlessly focused on mission success. This is a fast-paced, entry-level career position. Prior relevant experience is not necessary, the ideal candidate must have academic knowledge of structural and mechanical engineering and possess basic knowledge in the related areas. The attitude we’re looking for is “everybody sweeps the floors”. 
 
Aevum’s development timelines are aggressive and you’ll be asked to work as hard as necessary. Our ideal candidate is passionate about making the world better, is a self-starter, and is hungry to do work that matters. 
 
Responsibilities 
 Perform design and analysis tasks. 
 Collaborate well with internal and external customers. 
 Work closely with vehicle, other system and subsystem engineers and perform basic trade studies related to your specific task as necessary. 
 Develop and present as requested complex technical information and data related to your systems. 
 Support as requested the generation of range safety and range related documentation pertaining to your components. 
 Provide as requested for your components data required to obtain the regulatory approvals and licenses to launch on-time (FAA, FCC, range, DOT, etc.) 
 Work with your leads to develop operational plans, procedures and processes for launch operations. 
 Provide schedule related input. 
 Ensure a professional work attitude in all activities where you are present. 
 Prepare for mission reviews with internal and external customers as requested. 
 Regularly check-in with rocket production to ensure that your hardware is on-schedule. 
 Coordinate with ERV-A Chief Engineer to ensure that your challenges and successes are well socialized and the team is transparent in all its activities including yours. 
 Participate in all meetings you are requested and always maintain a professional attitude towards everybody within Aevum 
 TRAVEL 
 
<10% travel required for this position. 
 
COVID-19 RESTRICTIONS 
 
Aevum prioritizes the safety of our employees and their families. Therefore, Aevum employees will be required to work remotely as much as possible. During this time, Aevum will also restrict travel both domestically and internationally. 
 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS 
 Bachelor’s degree in engineering. 
 Basic command of CAD tools (CATIA, Solidworks, etc.) 
 Basic knowledge of structural and mechanical hand calculation methods. 
 Basic understanding of GD&T as well as manufacturing of metallic and non-metallic structures. 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
 Master’s degree in mechanical or structural engineering field. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 Knowledge of FEM theory and basic FEA software (Ansys, NASTRAN/FEMAP, Abaqus, etc.). 
 Detail-oriented. 
 Ability to be trusted with confidential, classified, proprietary, or export-controlled information/data. 
 Good interpersonal skills. 
 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Must be willing to travel as necessary (~10%) 
 As needed, must be willing to work extended hours and occasional weekends. 
 ITAR REQUIREMENT 
 
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. 
 
BENEFITS 
 
Dental insurance, health insurance, paid time off, vision insurance, stock incentives, bonus potential, great work culture with a chance to be part of a revolutionary team 
 
SCHEDULE 
 
Weekdays; weekends as necessary 
 
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 
Employment with Aevum is governed by qualifications, competence, and merit. Employment will not be influenced by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Aevum 30+ days ago original job Report job Structural Engineer jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Aevum in Denver, CO Structural Engineer salaries in Denver, CO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
