
 
 
 
 Product Owner - Conversational AI - Charlotte, NC 28217 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Product Owner - Conversational AI Ally Financial Inc. Charlotte, NC 28217 Ally and Your Career 
Ally Financial only succeeds when its people do - and that’s more than some cliché people put on job postings. We live this stuff! We see our people as, well, people - with interests, families, friends, dreams and causes that are all important to them. Our focus is on the health and safety of our teammates as well as work-life balance and diversity and inclusion. From generous benefits to a variety of employee resource groups, we strive to build paths that encourage employees to stretch themselves professionally. We want to help you grow, develop, and learn new things. You’re constantly evolving, so shouldn’t your opportunities be, too?
 The Opportunity 
The Product Owner of Conversation Artificial Intelligence & Chatbots is a key member of the digital transformation efforts at Ally! The PO will lead a squad in the delivery of virtual assistant-like functionality in a variety of channels to simplify the digital experience. The Digital PO will be a strong, strategic and collaborative leader with a background in agile delivery. The PO will need to work across the enterprise to develop user stories, maintain and groom the backlog and effectively communicate prioritization and delivery impacts. The PO will need to understand the value proposition of the technology, work with UXD and VOC to understand how the technology fits into web, mobile and other customer facing applications, assess dependencies of other agile lanes and partner well with suppliers to impact technology roadmaps. The PO will be the product expert of conversational AI and Chatbots at Ally and will work strategically and tactically to deliver best in class conversation AI experiences. 
The Work Itself 
 Developing the digital roadmap and strategy of Conversational AI in partnership with business partners and stakeholders, and then break the roadmap down to a deliverable workstream specific to the PO's agile scrum squad. 
 Demonstrate product economics and value proposition 
 Ensure all regulatory and legal requires while creating an innovative and leading best in class technology 
 Driving product planning, business reviews, supplier management activities with all key partners 
 Translate digital transformation strategies to deliverable and executable tasks for the squad 
 Maintain and groom the product backlog, and communicate priorities to all impacted partners and the squad 
 Create and manage to specific and measurable success levers 
 Work with and manage vendors as applicable, including defining work you're doing, assessing RFPs, driving timelines in partnership with technology teams and ongoing vendor relationship management. 
 Effective socialization of timeline, backlog and priorities to all business partners at varying levels throughout the organization 
 Creating innovative ways to generate and drive user adoption 
 Partner effectively as the Product Owner of an agile squad, including learning and sharing standard methodologies with other POs, and partnering with team members of the squad including the Scrum Master, developers, content writers and designers to develop a best in class experience 
 Manage and/or matrix manage shared User Acceptance Test resources 
 The Skills You Bring 
 5+ years of relative experience 
 Minimum BA/BS degree 
 Exceptional project management skills, with experience delivering projects 
 Comfortable working under pressure in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to present to leadership & business partners and process feedback constructively 
 Collaborative teammate and desire to have fun is essential 
 Experience working in an Agile/Scrum environment is a nice to have 
 Experience working in the financial services industry is a nice to have 
 How We’ll Have Your Back
 Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and pay-for-performance incentives (bonuses) based on achieving personal and company goals. But Ally’s total compensation – or total rewards – extends beyond your paycheck and is designed to support and enrich your personal and professional life, including: 
 Time Away : competitive holiday and flexible paid-time-off, including time off for volunteering and voting. 
 Planning for the Future:  plan for the near and long term with an industry-leading 401K retirement savings plan with matching and company contributions, student loan and 529 educational assistance programs, tuition reimbursement, and other financial well-being programs. 
 Supporting your Health & Well-being:  flexible health and insurance options including dental and vision, pre-tax Health Savings Account with employer contributions and a total well-being program that helps you and your family stay on track physically, socially, emotionally and financially. 
 Building a Family:  adoption, surrogacy, and fertility support as well as parental and caregiver leave, back-up child and adult/elder day care program and child care discounts. 
 Work-Life Integration:  other benefits including LifeMatters® Employee Assistance Program, subsidized and discounted Weight Watchers® program and other employee discount programs. 
 Who We Are 
Ally Financial is a customer-centric, leading digital financial services company with passionate customer service and innovative financial solutions. We are relentlessly focused on "Doing it Right" and being a trusted financial-services provider to our consumer, commercial, and corporate customers. For more information, visit www.ally.com.
 Ally is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law. 
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical or mental disabilities. For accommodation requests, email us at  work@ally.com . Ally will not discriminate against any qualified individual who is capable of performing the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Ally Financial 30+ days ago original job Report job Product Owner jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Ally Financial in Charlotte, NC Product Owner salaries in Charlotte, NC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
