
 
 
 
 Freelance Brand and Asset Manager (Remote) - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Freelance Brand and Asset Manager (Remote) Signifyd 4 reviews California Remote Signifyd 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Signifyd leads the world in bringing the insights, innovation and compassion required to foster fearless commerce in a time of increasing digital threats. Working with some of the industry's most recognizable retailers and brands, we are focused on using technology to enhance customer lifetime value and protect enterprises from fraud so they can focus on growing their business.
 
We process billions in ecommerce transactions annually through our Commerce Network of thousands of merchants selling in more than 100 countries. We focus every day on harnessing machine learning and artificial intelligence in more powerful ways to maximize our customers' revenue and their security. None of that happens without the right people.
 
Our team's strength is in its diversity and its acceptance of new ideas and new ways to look at old challenges. We are dedicated disruptors designing a new world of commerce at scale. We know humans are not one-dimensional and we celebrate the uniqueness each individual brings to the problems we solve and the culture we create.
 Signifyd is seeking talented, multidisciplinary, freelance creatives to assist our marketing team on ongoing & diverse projects.
 
You'll work closely with our Belfast and US-based in-house creative department to:
 
Curate, organize, document, catalog, and manage all digital assets.
 Brainstorm & build scalable design solutions – such as components and/or templates – for marketing assets (emails, newsletters, display ads, banners, landing pages, brochures, flyers, print marketing, sales collateral, events & installations, sales decks).
 Responsible for DAM metadata, taxonomy structure, keywords, file naming conventions, assets lifecycle, and archiving. Design and implement taxonomy and metadata management strategies following industry best practices. Organize and track via Google spreadsheets.
 Own and synchronize continuous content updates to the DAM, ensuring all assets (including but not limited to sales & marketing collateral, partner & customer logos, photography, internal employment brand assets and corporate brand assets) are maintained, properly tagged, organized, clear, and easy to navigate.
 Measure and report engagement with the DAM, identify opportunities, and successes.
 Collaborate with the BAM design & dev team to develop a vision and roadmap for ongoing improvements to the DAM.
 Complete DAL maintenance activities, such as archiving and asset expiration.
 Encouraging and evangelizing the DAM and best practices across the team & the larger org.
 Manage ongoing relationships with DAM vendor including release cycles, maintenance and scope.
 Work with cross-functional stakeholders to define metadata and deliver consistent taxonomy.
 
Skills
 
Excellent visual communication, mastery of typography, composition, layout, colour theory, and art direction
 
Experience with Adobe CC
 
Impeccable organizational skills, meticulously detail-oriented with the aptitude to enter data using correct spelling, punctuation, and grammar
 
Comfortable in an extremely dynamic, self-starter environment
 
Able to actively listen and engage across the team to build strong relationships with a high degree of trust
 
Strong sense of accountability, brand ownership, and ability to coach across levels and geographies
 
Amazing collaboration skills, an easy-going personality, and a friendly approach to working with different types of teams
 
Strong sense of ownership & great work ethic
 
Ability to plan, estimate, prioritize and execute efficiently
 
Comfortable in a fast paced, self-starter environment
 
Positive outlook, fun, creative, and flexible
 
Nice to have
 
Strategic, holistic thinking with a propensity for systems
 
Project management tools and more specifically Jira
 A desire to learn new tools and techniques and share them with the team
 The constant drive to stay up-to-date with the latest industry news and developments
 
Experience with B2B, and more specifically ecommerce
 
Branding
 
Preference for West Coast candidates Signifyd 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Asset Manager jobs in California Jobs at Signifyd in California Asset Manager salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Signifyd Signifyd 4 reviews Since their days at PayPal and FedEx more than a decade ago, Signifyd’s founders knew something wasn’t right about the way online retaile... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
