
 
 
 
 Director, Commercial Finance Operations - Morristown, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Commercial Finance Operations BioXcel Therapeutics Morristown, NJ Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Director, Commercial Finance Operations (open to work in Morristown, NJ or New Haven, CT) 
 
Position Overview 
Reporting to the Chief Commercial Officer and the VP Finance, Corporate Controller, the Director of Commercial Finance Operations will be responsible for the Financial Reporting, Analysis, Forecasting, Planning and Control of the Commercial organization’s P&L including revenue recognition, and related Balance Sheet items.
 Other areas of responsibility include: pricing analyses & approvals, all aspects of gross sales to net sales control, supply chain/trade financial dynamics, government agency & patient support programing oversight, sales force expense management, policy & procedure approval and audit, financial system insight and vendor/supplier process & approval. Additionally, this role will provide backup support to the Chief Commercial Officer in corporate financial activities. 
 
This position requires experience working in a matrix environment, a strong financial operational background and excellent communication and teamwork skills.
 Key Responsibilities Understand & control all aspects of the Gross Sales to Net Sales calculation & forecast including a strong understanding of the chargeback system and returned good processing. 
Review all proposed price discounts (and contracts) to Medicaid, Medicare, DOD, Hospital Institutions and Managed Healthcare Organizations. 
Support quarterly AMP pricing certification and validation. 
Direct financial oversight of all patient assistance & co-pay programs. 
Perform ongoing analyses on the monthly P&L results, marketing mix, channel ROI, Life Cycle management and Business Development opportunities. 
Approve all commercial organization policy & procedures for financial & operational soundness. 
Participate in the sales force incentive compensation & contest design, approval and generate the eventual payout based upon the agreed upon rules. 
Provide forecasts on sales, sampling investment, inventory with “what if” sensitivity analyses when necessary. 
Partner with FP&A Director to construct, refine, report product(s) specific and an overall commercial organization Profit & Loss statements. 
Produce planning P&Ls for the quarterly projection process, annual Budget and Strategic Plan. 
Assist in the development of various financial system processes to ensure timely & accurate reimbursement of business expense and tax treatment across all expenses. 
Be an active participant of the Commercial Leadership Team, the Brand Planning Team and shape the discipline, financial control and risk management of the commercial organization while also providing strategic insight to these teams. 
Assist VP of Finance with corporate financial operating activities and/or special projects. 
 Position will be filled at level commensurate with experience.
 Professional Experience & Qualifications Bachelor's degree in finance or a related field, MBA and/or CPA designation are strongly preferred. A minimum of 10+ years’ Commercial (division) Financial Operations experience, 3+ years’ in a corporate financial setting and 7+ years’ of relevant Pharmaceutical experience preferred. Develops & delivers concise and well supported briefings and presentations. Possesses the knowledge, credibility, and leadership to influence senior management. Advanced financial modeling skills and capabilities in Microsoft Office products Ability to proactively gather and synthesize data from internal and external sources Experience in working in a matrix environment, meeting multiple customer needs, working on multiple projects in parallel while always maintaining the financial integrity of the company. Excellent oral and written communication skills; has the ability to align the organization via continuous communication as policies & procedures emerge and/or are changed. Ability to work in a fast-moving, dynamic small-company environment. Ability to effectively collaborate cross-functionally with both internal and external customers. Is a person of high character and ethics; acts in line with a clear and visible set of values & beliefs. Flexible work arrangements may be possible. 
Your Path to Endless Opportunities 
If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets drug discovery and development and you’re enthusiastic, creative, with a passion for cutting-edge research, you should join our team! We are looking for highly motivated, passionate employees to help us drive technology solutions for discovering breakthrough treatments for our portfolio of oncology and neuroscience programs, as well as for our partners across major therapeutic areas. 
About BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc . 
BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on drug development that utilizes artificial intelligence to identify improved therapies in neuroscience and immuno-oncology. BTI's drug re-innovation approach leverages existing approved drugs and/or clinically evaluated product candidates together with big data and proprietary machine learning algorithms to identify new therapeutic indices. BTI's two most advanced clinical development programs are BXCL501, an investigational sublingual thin film formulation in development for acute treatment of agitation resulting from neuropsychiatric disorders, and BXCL701, an investigational orally administered systemic innate immunity activator in development for treatment of a rare form of prostate cancer and for treatment of pancreatic cancer in combination with other immuno-oncology agents. For more information, please visit www.bioxceltherapeutics.com. BioXcel Therapeutics 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Operations jobs in Morristown, NJ Jobs at BioXcel Therapeutics in Morristown, NJ Director of Operations salaries in Morristown, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from BioXcel Therapeutics  

Your Path to Endless Opportunities

If you’re looking to push the envelope and join an innovative company where technology meets d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
