
 
 
 
 D3 Applied Machine Learning Engineer - Northbrook, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search D3 Applied Machine Learning Engineer Allstate 8,222 reviews Northbrook, IL Allstate 8,222 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
Job Family Summary 
The Applied Machine Learning job family is responsible for researching, designing, and building various scales and complexity systems by implementing supervised and unsupervised machine-learning techniques. Roles within this family will apply technologies and methodologies associated with machine learning, information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, and/or ontology engineering technologies. Incumbents will work both individually and with small teams to envision and realize cutting-edge ideas through rapid prototyping, development and deployment. 
Job Summary 
Data, Discovery, and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver targeted insurance solutions to our customers. We are avid about learning new ways to get the most value from our massive data resources and leading-edge technology. We are partnering to incorporate analytics into every aspect of the enterprise. Developing ourselves and others is key to our success. In D3, you’ll be surrounded by 330+ tenacious and intellectually curious colleagues in an inclusive culture that encourages you to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
This Sr. Applied Machine Learning Engineer is a hands on, forward engineering role in the field of machine learning, information retrieval, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, and ontology engineering technologies. Contributes to the realization of cutting-edge technical capabilities into business applications by applying advanced algorithms and techniques to software solutions. 
Key Responsibilities 
Adapts best practices to design and build medium complexity machine learning systems 
 Contributes to design and prototyping of medium complexity machine learning systems 
 Contributes to the realization of major machine learning technical capabilities in the industry by identification, research and software implementation 
 Serves as part of a technical team to implement machine-learning solution; can work independently on small projects 
 Contributes to delivery of technical capability innovation 
 Develops in-depth ideas and materials as part of applying technical capabilities into business solution 
 Ensures understanding of technical matters by non-technical, executive decision makers 
 Develops and uses subtle strategies to influence or persuade others, particularly in sensitive or high pressure situations
 
 Extends capabilities by working closely with senior team members/experts both within and outside of internal organization 
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities/Experience 
BS degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence major is preferred 
 Minimum of 3-5 years full time hands-on software engineering experience 
 Minimum of 2-3 years full time hands-on machine learning or artificial intelligence software engineering experience 
 Both front and backend technical experience with cognitive business applications. 
 Instinctive knowledge of how people will want to use a product, service, or solution that solves a real world business problem. 
 Hands on experience with various supervised and unsupervised machine-learning techniques 
 Hands on experience in one or two of the following areas: machine learning, natural language processing, or ontology engineering technologies 
 Ability to adapt standard machine learning methods and best practices 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. 
 As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. 
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Northbrook, IL Jobs at Allstate in Northbrook, IL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Northbrook, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,222 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
