
 
 
 
 Design Verification Engineer - Raleigh, NC 27616 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Design Verification Engineer Intel Raleigh, NC 27616 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Come join Barefoot Networks BXD switching division of Intel's Data Platform Group DPG. 
We are a creative team of engineers dedicated to designing the hardware technologies, that network the leading cloud service data centers. We are looking for a motivated and astute individual, to join our team as a PreSilicon Design Verification Engineer. You will join a close knit team responsible for building efficient and effective constrained, random, verification environments that exercise designs through their corner cases, and verify that the design matches a golden model. You will be involved in the full lifecycle of verification, from planning to test execution and including collecting and closing coverage. 
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Thoughtful and perceptive analytical skills 
A genuine curiosity for understanding the system 
Dedicated and committed to creative problem solving and getting things done 
Qualifications 
You must possess minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements, and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work classes, research and or relevant previous job and or internship experiences. This is an entry level position and it will be compensated accordingly. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
Candidate must have a MS Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related field. 
Minimum of 6 months of experience in the following areas: 
Computer architecture 
Object Oriented Programming 
Algorithms and Data Structures 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Minimum of 6 months of experience in the following areas: 
Networking 
Verilog System, Verilog VHDL 
Perl or python 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$82,210.00-$123,570.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 30+ days ago original job Report job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Raleigh, NC Jobs at Intel in Raleigh, NC Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Raleigh, NC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
