
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Scientist - Glendale, CA 91203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Scientist Beyond Limits 20 reviews Glendale, CA 91203 Temporarily remote Beyond Limits 20 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview 
Our data science team is seeking an experienced senior machine learning scientist. The team is in need of someone who not only can modify existing ML libraries, but also can write and develop new libraries. As a machine learning scientist, you will be brought in early in the development process to advise the best way to move forward and will be used to establish best practices. 
Job Duties/Responsibilities 
Design, train and deliver machine learning solutions to a wide range of datasets: from small datasets to big data, time series to 3D matrices, both unlabeled and labeled 
Implement, test and validate new algorithms in a way that can be used by the data science team 
Formulate learning algorithms in complex multi-physics systems with diverse data sets 
Working across teams to create advanced learning systems 
Stay up-to-date with the latest machine learning techniques by reviewing literature, attending conferences, etc 
Work in a highly collaborative environment to brainstorm, design, implement and deliver ML solutions to some of the most challenging industrial IOT problems 
 Qualifications and Skills 
Minimum of 6 years of experience in application of machine learning algorithms in neural networks and deep learning in particular 
PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or similar field 
2+ years of experience with deep learning algorithms and techniques, including but not limited to: 
CNN, LSTM, RNN 
TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch 
Optimization Techniques 
Reinforcement Learning 
Programming proficiency in Python 
 Preferred Requirements 
Graph-based Machine Learning 
Research experience with high impact publications 
Application of ML in industrial projects 
Please note: Due to COVID-19, all positions at Beyond Limits are currently remote. However, once our offices are fully reopened, most work is expected to be performed in-person at our main headquarters in Glendale, CA. 
 
 About Beyond Limits 
Beyond Limits is a pioneering Artificial Intelligence engineering company creating advanced software solutions that go beyond conventional AI. Founded in 2014 with a legacy in space exploration, Beyond Limits is transforming proven technologies from Caltech and NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory into advanced AI solutions, hardened to industrial strength, and put to work for forward-looking companies on earth. We leverage this unparalleled innovation portfolio, along with proprietary cognitive technologies, to help companies solve tough, complex, mission-critical problems and transform their business. We apply a unique hybrid approach to AI, combining numeric AI techniques like machine learning with higher-order symbolic AI and expert human knowledge to deliver intuitive cognitive reasoning and information. Our cognitive computing technology mimics human thought processes and provides explainable reasoning to aid human-like decision-making. 
 
Beyond Limits provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Beyond Limits complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 
Beyond Limits expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Beyond Limit’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge. Beyond Limits 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Glendale, CA Jobs at Beyond Limits in Glendale, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Glendale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Beyond Limits Beyond Limits 20 reviews Beyond Limits provides support to people with learning disabilities, mental health issues and other support needs. Our aim is to change t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
