
 
 
 
 NESD Artificial Intelligence (AI) Engineer - Arizona - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications NESD Artificial Intelligence (AI) Engineer General Dynamics Information Technology Arizona Travel Required:  Less than 10% 
 Public Trust:  None 
 Requisition Type:  Regular 
 Join  General Dynamics IT  and be a part of the team that solves some of the world’s most complex technical challenges. 
The  Naval Enterprise Service Desk (NESD)  program is looking for an  Artificial Intelligence Engineer  to support the implementation of a cognitive AI platform integrated with a COTS ITSM solution. The  Navy  is consolidating Tier 1 IT service desks and moving from a human-centric SME business model to a knowledge-based solution .  One of the main goals of NESD is to consolidate IT Tier 1 service desk operations while gaining efficiencies of consolidation. As the clients solution provider, GDIT is deploying leading edge technology to support the Navy’s business model. 
GDIT is recruiting AI engineers to help develop cognitive use case solutions in our AI tool, IPSoft Amelia. As the AI engineer, you will work collaboratively with an agile team of developers to implement and integrate the capabilities of the cognitive agent. Although experience using AI platforms is desired, GDIT recognizes the technology is relatively new. If you have programming experience and a genuine interest in learning this technology, we’d like to speak with you. This is a technical position, but client-facing, interpersonal skills are required. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Work with and assist business analysts in converting functional requirements to technical scripts 
Interface with an agile team consisting of BMC Remedy/Helix and Cisco UCCE developers to design integrated solutions 
Maintain all work effort within Jira and Confluence, updating daily as appropriate 
Participate in typical agile scrum meetings including daily stand-ups, sprint planning, sprint close-out, and backlog grooming sessions 
Document solution designs and discuss specific requirements with customer stakeholders to ensure solution meets expectations 
Perform unit testing prior to completing subtasks, stories and user stories 
Debug all issues and unexpected errors 
Work with testers to document comprehensive test cases that demonstrate all potential scenarios to ensure graceful handling of all responses 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in Technical field, ideally Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering 
5+ years of experience in software development using Java, Javascript, Groovy or similar scripting languages 
Practical AI/cognitive and machine learning domain knowledge 
Understanding of Atlassian JIRA (task tracking) and Confluence (documentation), Bitbucket (Git version control), or equivalent toolset 
US citizen; you must be able to obtain a DoD Interim Secret clearance before starting 
Desired Qualifications: 
Experience developing cognitive AI or machine learning solutions 
Experience with testing tools such as Bamboo (automated test, build, deploy) 
Current Secret clearance 
 The likely salary range for this position is $88,000 - $132,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.
 View information about benefits and our total rewards program.
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
 
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class. General Dynamics Information Technology 28 days ago original job Report job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Arizona Jobs at General Dynamics Information Technology in Arizona Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Arizona Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
