
 
 
 
 Design Manager, Grammarly Business - San Francisco, CA 94104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Design Manager, Grammarly Business Grammarly, Inc. 5 reviews San Francisco, CA 94104 Remote Grammarly, Inc. 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Grammarly offers a remote-first hybrid working model. Team members can work primarily remotely. Starting in 2022, teams will meet in person a few weeks every quarter in one of Grammarly's hubs, currently in San Francisco, Vancouver, New York, and Kyiv. To ensure that teams are able to overlap in their working hours and to meet face-to-face when needed, all team members need to live within three time zones of a hub.  Read more about our remote-first hybrid model. 
 Grammarly team members who will be collaborating at our San Francisco hub must be based in the United States. 
 
The opportunity 
 
Grammarly empowers people to thrive and connect whenever and wherever they communicate. Every day, 30 million people and 30,000 teams around the world use our AI-powered writing assistant. All of this begins with our team collaborating in a values-driven and learning-oriented environment. 
 
To achieve our ambitious goals, we’re looking for a Design Manager for Outcomes to join our Product Design team. This role will be responsible for building and nurturing a fantastic team of designers, helping us deliver a product vision to solve complex communication-related problems. This is a unique opportunity to combine artificial intelligence and NLP technologies with delightful design to create something millions of users will use each day. This role will be instrumental to helping our users worldwide find their voice, wherever and whenever they write. 
 
Your impact 
 
As Design Manager, you will work closely with leadership on Product, Engineering, and Design teams to continue to define, shape, and grow Grammarly’s user experience and provide your team with clarity of purpose and direction. In addition, you will align cross-functional stakeholders and build trust across teams. You will also balance creating a culture of exploration and learning with delivering a high-quality product experience. 
 
In this high-impact role, you will: 
 
 Partner with User Experience Research to ensure a focus on users’ needs throughout the product-development process. 
 Collaborate with the broader Design team to maintain a cohesive and consistent user experience throughout Grammarly’s product portfolio. 
 Identify the necessary team profile and create and execute accordingly on a talent-development plan. 
 Foster a culture of safety, experimentation, learning, and delivery. 
 Continue building our team of talented designers, supporting them in delivering great work and in growing, both as designers and professionals. 
 We’re looking for someone who 
 Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable. 
 Has 5 or more years of experience managing creative teams. 
 Harnesses excellent written and verbal communication to encourage alignment across functions and departments. 
 Is excited about working with ambiguity and being part of a cross-functional team in shaping a greenfield area. 
 Focuses relentlessly on our customers’ needs and wants. 
 Understands how to be proactive in seeking and providing opportunities to improve and expand the team, including team members’ skills and experiences. 
 Support for you, professionally and personally 
 Professional growth : We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback. 
 A connected team : Grammarly builds a product that helps people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs. 
 Comprehensive benefits : Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer support to set up a home office, ample and defined time off, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more. 
 We encourage you to apply 
 
At Grammarly, we value our differences, and we encourage all—especially those whose identities are traditionally underrepresented in tech organizations—to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Grammarly will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Grammarly is an equal opportunity employer and participant in the U.S. Federal E-Verify program. 
 
#LI-MG1 
 #LI-Remote Grammarly, Inc. 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Grammarly in San Francisco, CA Design Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Grammarly, Inc. Grammarly, Inc. 5 reviews Grammarly’s AI-powered products help people communicate more effectively. Grammarly is available in a variety of writing interfaces, incl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
