
 
 
 
 Security Analyst (Overnight) - Lehi, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Security Analyst (Overnight) Abnormal Security Lehi, UT Job details Salary $20.50 an hour Full Job Description About Abnormal Security: 
 
 Abnormal Security is defining the next generation of email security defense. Our platform uses machine learning and artificial intelligence to baseline communication content, user identity, and behavioral signals in real-time and at-scale in order to detect the abnormalities of email attacks. 
 
Customers love us because we consistently detect and stop what everyone else in the market can't - advanced attacks that have never been seen before - and we do so with beautiful user interfaces and best-in-industry customer support. 
 
Our veteran team has built some of the most enduring machine learning platforms at leading companies including Google, Twitter, Pinterest, Amazon, Microsoft, and Expanse. We are located in San Francisco,CA, New York, NY and Lehi, UT. 
 
Our company is growing - we're on the Forbes AI 50, selected as a Gartner 2020 Cool Vendor, and our customer base includes multiple Fortune 500 companies. 
 
 Position Summary: 
 We are a fast-growing cybersecurity startup that is bringing Machine Learning at scale to fraud prevention. We are looking for a Junior Data Analyst to join our Security Analytics team. You will be responsible for analyzing potential email fraud and sharing your findings with the rest of the team. 
 What You'll Do: 
 Be part of the front lines of the cybersecurity defense - identifying, catching, and preventing email fraud. 
 Exercise incident handling processes across Windows & Mac platforms. 
 Perform basic email fraud analysis. 
 Stay ahead of the pack with the latest attack strategies and patterns in email fraud, and adapt our detection procedures and processes accordingly. 
 Communicate and coordinate additional fraud analysis investigations within the team. 
 Requirements: 
 Ability to work overnight Monday - Friday (10pm - 5am MT) 
 Pride and ability to apply attention to detail and judgment in accurately identifying email fraud - even as attackers are actively attempting to hide their actions. 
 Capable of completing technical tasks without supervision. 
 Ability to foster a positive work environment and attitude. 
 Are comfortable in a fast-paced environment working with a small, close-knit team 
 Why Abnormal Security: 
 Salary: $20.50 hourly and stock options 
 Full medical, dental, and vision health insurance benefits with life insurance, FSA, and 401k opportunities 
 WFH stipends including phone, wellness and equipment 
 When in office, daily catered lunches, coffee and snacks 
 Generous PTO 
 Strong growth opportunities and high ownership expectations 
 Team-wide commitment to excellence, velocity, and customer-focus 
 Everyone says they're hyper-growth, we're achieving it! Join a high-growth Silicon Valley startup, and experience what building a company, team, and product from the ground up looks like. 
 Best-in-class customer traction and growth 
 
 
Abnormal Security is committed to creating a diverse work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Abnormal Security 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Security Analyst jobs in Lehi, UT Jobs at Abnormal Security in Lehi, UT Security Analyst salaries in Lehi, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Abnormal Security Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
