
 
 
 
 HP EBP - AWS SME - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications HP EBP - AWS SME Capgemini Houston, TX Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
AWS SME have two primary responsibilities: One is to configure the AWS cloud PAAS service and the other is to carefully monitor and manage their services. Both these roles are having an equal priority and must be performed with a higher perfection. The other responsibilities of an AWS SME include: 
To establish metrics and carefully monitor the utilization of AWS resources on a wide scale by making use of highly sophisticated Amazon CloudWatch, Prometheus & Grafana. 
The AWS SME must perform AWS PAAS services, backup HA&DR Configurations. 
Optimize the resources & work on resource tagging to allocate costs and for carefully planning of budgeting, governance, and reporting. 
Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) is an integral part of AWS. Creating effective presentations that support C2S overviews is the duty of AWS SME. 
Managing VPC, URL proxies, C2S access points & as well as Bastion Hosts. 
To communicate with the NISP network team in order to finalize the network connections for the clients VPCs. 
Effectively monitor billing and develop cost optimization strategies. 
To monitor the availability and to measure the extent of performance. 
To manage disaster recovery processes. 
To maintain data integrity and to access the control while using the AWS application platform. 
Comfortable with Linux & Windows OS 
Good with Container Orchestration Platform (Kubernetes) 
Good with Infrastructure as code (TERRAFORM) 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Jobs at Capgemini in Houston, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
