
 
 
 
 Principal Investigator - Scientist II - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Investigator - Scientist II Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Temporarily remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  None / Not Required 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  174034BR 
 Date posted  01/14/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 State  MA 
 Country  United States 
 Opening 
This is an opportunity for entrepreneurial scientists to start and lead new R&D areas as a Principal Investigator at BBN Technologies. Successful candidates will have the opportunity to explore their own research agendas, organize and direct teams of bright scientists and engineers, and do important work.
 
 
Who we are 
For more than 70 years, scientists and engineers in diverse disciplines at BBN Technologies have collaborated to solve real-world problems through research, exploration, development and prototyping. We partner with the best technical talent in academia and industry to challenge the status quo, pioneer new technologies, and create transformative solutions.
 
 
Our creative teams take pride in their work and tackle exceptionally hard problems to provide useful, practical solutions for our customers. We are one of the nation's premier research and development laboratories, awarded the 2011 National Medal of Technology and Innovation by the President of the United States “for sustained innovation through the engineering of first-of-a-kind, practical systems”. 
 
What you will do
 
We're looking for experienced, creative, entrepreneurial, and highly motivated research leaders who can hit the ground running, interact with customers and potential customers, obtain funding for projects, organize and lead project teams, and lead the growth of current and new research areas.
 
 
BBN excels at very high-end R&D. Our current areas of technical interest and expertise are: 
 
Analytics / Forecasting 
Artificial Intelligence / Semantic reasoning / Machine Learning 
Autonomy / Collaborative swarm behaviors 
Command & Control 
Computational imaging 
Cyber Security / Cyber Physical 
Distributed Systems 
Logistics 
Next-generation Networking and Communications 
Non-traditional computing 
Photonic integrated circuits 
Positioning, Navigation and Timing 
Quantum Information Processing 
Sensor Systems / Lidar / Radar / Undersea acoustics 
Speech, Language & Multimedia 
Synthetic Biology / Biotechnology 
 
What you need
 
 Outstanding record of technology innovation and leadership Demonstrated excellence in interacting with customers and decision-makers Proven track record in writing successful proposals, standing up research teams, and executing projects successfully Creativity and entrepreneurial streak
 Advanced degree required. 
Additional Skills that would be AWESOME 
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. 
 
Why Us
 
Our team members are passionate about growth, innovation and collaboration. We are constantly striving to improve and better ourselves so that we can better support our clients.
 
Our culture enables all employees to find purpose, thrive, and succeed. By creating an environment where all opinions are valued, risk taking is encouraged, and excellence is rewarded, we allow our employees to do their best, most important work.
 
If you have a growth mindset and you thrive under pressure, Come Join Our Team!
 
 
Raytheon BBN is proud to offer a comprehensive total compensation package including a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, and competitive benefits package. In addition to protecting your and your family’s health and well-being, we also offer important financial and family friendly benefits to meet your needs.
 
 
Our Work/Life benefits include – Paid Parental Leave – Adoption Assistance – Auto and Home Insurance – Child/Elder Back Up Care – College Coach – Retirement Planning Services – Flexible Work Arrangements - Legal Services – LifeResources – Employee Discount Program – Educational Assistance – Transportation Benefits – and Wellness Reward 
 
This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization.174034 
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Principal Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
