
 
 
 
 Vice President, Sales Planning & Insights - Culver City, CA 90232 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Sales Planning & Insights Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc. 407 reviews Culver City, CA 90232 Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc. 407 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Team 
Worldwide Television Distribution is based in Culver City and responsible for licensing features, series and formats to linear and digital platforms worldwide. The LA based Sales Analytics and Insights team collaborates with both home office and territory sales teams. 
The Role 
The Vice President will be responsible for building the analytics backbone for the TV sales distribution business, develop pricing models and advanced analytics techniques to support TV’s most strategic deals; help define deal strategies and collaborate with the teams around the world to obtain support and adoption of techniques and tools. The candidate must have 
Exceptional analytical and financial modelling skills; background in business analytics and experience with data visualization tools. 
Significant experience in bringing together business and analytics to deliver impact. 
Ability to structure complex analytical problems and bring clarity in ambiguous situations. 
Experience deriving and presenting insights to executives; be able to tell data stories through visuals. 
Big picture thinker but also hands on and willing to dive into details. 
The Vice President will have three direct reports and an intern and will collaborate with regional analytics team members. The position will have an opportunity for international travel. 
The Responsibilities
 
 DEAL ANALYTICS & STRATEGIC INTIATIVES (40%): 
DEAL ANALYTICS : Work with Sr Sales leaders to support major local/pan-regional deal negotiations. Provide Sales with actionable insights through deal analysis, title performance analysis and deal ROI analysis. Collaborate with various teams to provide recommendations on pricing, title curation and deal structures. Work cross functionally with sales strategy, sales planning, finance and research; build strong working relationships with Sr. executives in these teams. 
STRATEGIC INTIATIVES : Lead efforts to provide analytics and tools/capabilities for SPE’s strategic initiatives. Work directly with the senior leaders driving these initiatives, pro-actively asses needs, succinctly communicate and get alignment and work cross-functionally to deliver outputs. 
INNOVATION & TOOLS (40%) 
Be a data and analytics evangelist in the organization. Promote and enable data-driven decision-making across the organization by creating capabilities that solve business problems. 
DATA : Work with IT, Finance, Research and other internal teams as required to obtain needed data sources. Guide the team to clean and structure data such that it can be used rapidly for custom analysis and support tools. Guide with business logic along to shape technical path. 
SELF-SERVICE TOOLS:  Translate the analytics solutions for high impact business problems into self-service tools. Create business logic that the team then implements using data and analytics technologies (Tableau, Alteryx/Predictive Modeling Techniques, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence) 
PRICING  – Enhance methods/models used for pricing and deal valuations. 
Bring thought leadership on emerging businesses of AVOD and SVOD - including strategies and tools for pricing and title curation. 
Bring analytical rigor on pricing and analytical frameworks. Develop techniques to evaluate SVOD title categorization and determine the percent and value of unsold product. 
SPECIAL DATA PROJECTS –  Work with other teams on strategic data projects. 
BEST PRACTICES & THOUGHT LEADERSHIP (20%) 
Push the organization towards new and improved ways to use data to draw insights and improve negotiations. 
Lead discussions and annual conferences with Sales and Planners regarding new tools, analysis techniques that can help improve negotiations. 
In collaboration with the regional teams capture best practices. 
Mentor Sales and Planning by packaging case studies and conducting regular sessions to share ideas/ approaches. 
Qualifications 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Statistics, Physics, Math, Engineering, Economics, Management, Finance, Data Science or Computer Science. 
7-10 years’ work experience. 
Prior experience in management consulting or similar strategic roles (ideally with experience of running analytics projects or modules) and/or experience in an analytics role at an entertainment company. 
SKILLS 
Experience and skills to manage and nurture a team. 
Ability to interact confidently with senior executives, be receptive but also have a point of view. 
Ability to create a culture of collaboration with regional analytics teams by providing mentorship as needed. 
Excellent communication and presentation skills. Ability to tell a clear, concise, and actionable story with data. 
Attention to the layout and design of how analytical information is presented. 
Strong intellectual curiosity and love of problem-solving with a passion for getting involved to drive action for direct impact on business outcomes. 
Self-motivated and able to operate independently with limited guidance and direction. 
Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment, taking the initiative, managing multiple projects, and working under tight timeframes. 
Has the courage to challenge ideas. Sony Pictures Entertainment is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other protected characteristics. Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Sales jobs in Culver City, CA Jobs at Sony Pictures Entertainment in Culver City, CA Vice President of Sales salaries in Culver City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc. Sony Pictures Entertainment, Inc. 407 reviews Sony Pictures Entertainment is a division of Sony Corporation, a creative entertainment company built on a solid foundation of technology... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
