
 
 
 
 ASSISTANT PROFESSOR - Madison, WI 53706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASSISTANT PROFESSOR University of Wisconsin–Madison 371 reviews Madison, WI 53706 University of Wisconsin–Madison 371 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 The Department of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison seeks candidates whose research interests include controls, robotics, autonomous systems, and dynamic systems. The department is especially interested in candidates whose research is focused on design, analysis and control of autonomous dynamic systems for mobility and manipulation, and application of these systems to critical societal challenges. Areas of particular interest include (1) mobility in autonomous robots and vehicles in varied environments; (2) manipulation in complex tasks; and (3) artificial intelligence-related approaches applied to the control of dynamic systems.
 
 
Candidates who transcend the traditional boundaries of Mechanical Engineering to bring into the research effort insights from Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related disciplines in order to address high impact societal problems related to areas described above are especially encouraged to apply. 
 
The UW-Madison College of Engineering strives to foster a respectful, diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment. Candidates with specific goals and plans that advance this mission are strongly encouraged to apply. 
 
 Principal Duties: 
 
 Teaching and developing undergraduate and graduate courses; mentoring graduate students and supervising their research; developing and directing a strong, extramurally funded research program; participating in departmental and university faculty governance; and contributing to professional and public service. 
 
 Institutional Statement on Diversity: 
 
 Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. 
 
The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world. 
 
For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Degree and Area of Specialization: 
 
 PhD in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related field, with demonstrated excellence in research and teaching. 
 
 Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience: 
 
 Candidates must possess a PhD in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related field, or equivalent academic credentials. 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 Applications beyond the deadline may be processed until the position is filled. The department is strongly committed to having a diverse faculty and student body. Women and under-represented candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. 
 
 Department(s): 
 
 A196200-COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING/MECHANICAL ENGR 
 
 Work Type: 
 
 Full Time: 100% 
 
 Appointment Type, Duration: 
 
 Ongoing/Renewable 
 
 Anticipated Begin Date: 
 
 AUGUST 23, 2021 
 
 Salary: 
 
 Negotiable
 
ACADEMIC (9 months) University of Wisconsin–Madison 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, WI Assistant Professor salaries in Madison, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Wisconsin–Madison University of Wisconsin–Madison 371 reviews Work for a world-class educational and research institution, located in one of America's best places to live! The University of Wisconsin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
