
 
 
 
 ASIC Design Engineer, High-Speed Interconnect Controller - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Design Engineer, High-Speed Interconnect Controller NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a ASIC Design Engineer (High-Speed Interconnect Controller):
 NVIDIA is seeking ASIC Design Engineers to implement the world’s leading SoC's and GPU's. This position offers the opportunity to have real impact in a multidimensional, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have crafted an outstanding team of people whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing!
 What you’ll be doing:
 ASIC Design Engineers at NVIDIA design and implement the industry's leading Graphics, Video / Media & Communications Processors! Specifically, Our team works on development of high-speed interconnect protocol controller used to connect multiple processors together in high-performance computing systems, integration of controller IP in an SOC, and collaborating with high-speed mixed-signal I/O circuit design team. In this position, you will be responsible for Architecture and micro-architecture design of the ASICs, RTL design and synthesis, Logic and Timing verification using leading edge CAD tools and Semiconductor process technologies.
 What we need to see:
 BSEE/MSEE/PhD (or equivalent experience)
 3+ year proven experience in related field
 Experience with Verilog or other HDL required
 Candidates must have a proven hardware engineering background with a concentration in VLSI and/or Computer Architecture
 Experience in Digital systems and VLSI design, Computer Architecture, Computer Arithmetic, C/C++ programming languages, CMOS transistors and circuits is required.
 Good interpersonal skills and ability and desire to work as a standout colleague are a must.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Strengths in C, Perl, and System Verilog/UVM verification methodology are a huge plus.
 Experience with high speed IO protocols e.g. PCIE
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Design Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
