
 
 
 
 HPE Edgeline/Moonshot Quality Specialist Software Engineer - Houston, TX 77070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HPE Edgeline/Moonshot Quality Specialist Software Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,795 reviews Houston, TX 77070 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,795 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. We bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
At HPC, MCS and Hewlett Packard Labs, we focus on cutting edge, high-performance, high-scale customer solutions serving a wide range of industries and end-users. Our organization includes High Performance Computing (HPC), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Mission Critical Solutions (MCS), Edgeline, Moonshot and Hewlett Packard Labs. 
The Edgeline/Moonshot quality team is seeking an experienced qualified Technical Lead with experience in the computer technology field. 
Knowledge and Skills 
Have experience with Industry Standard Server, Storage, and/or Networking products. 
Have experience with UI/web development 
Object oriented software development experience. 
Work with teams to understand development requirements. 
Work with software developers within the team to design and develop new features in existing or new test tools. 
Debug and troubleshoot development tool issues with various teams. 
Work with cross-functional teams to deliver quality Edgeline and Moonshot systems. 
Demonstrate the ability to effectively manage diverse development tasks and priorities in a fast-paced fluid environment. 
Effectively respond to changing program requirements, changes to product test plans and compressed schedules while meeting program development requirements. 
Work with product development teams to understand new product features required for test programs/projects, work with technical leads and testers to design and develop web based user interfaces, automated test tools, debug issues, and conduct technical coordination activities across a global validation team. There will be opportunities to work amongst a global, and culturally diverse team of engineers. 
About You 
Bachelors or master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent. 
Minimum 6 years of experience 
Work with software developers, technical leads, and product development teams to obtain product feature requirements. 
Determine automated user interface and test tool functionality and requirements. 
Design and implement new test features in existing and new web user interfaces and test tools. 
Test and debug automated test tools. 
Implement software solutions for multiple test programs/projects with internal and outsourced development partners responsible for all stages of design and development for complex products and platforms, including solution design, analysis, Validation, and integration. 
Review and evaluate the implementation and use of test automation and test tools. 
Planning, development, and implementation of software tools for the testing and evaluation of current and next-generation HPE Edgeline and Moonshot products. 
Ensure development issues are resolved in a cost-effective, efficient, and timely manner. 
Debug and analyze issues to a successful resolution. 
Perform development testing in local and remote labs. 
Drive automated test execution to test engineers at various global locations. 
Provide training and guidance to test teams both onshore and offshore to properly install and execute automated tools and triage test tool results. 
Excellent understanding of testing methodologies. 
Excellent understanding of hardware and software interactions 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Experience installing and working with Windows and Linux OSes. 
Experience in the overall architecture of software and hardware for products and solutions. 
Knowledge of programming or scripting languages, Python, PowerShell, Perl, Linux Shell, Java, MySQL, MS SQL Server 
Web development experience in PHP, Java, html, Python, D’Jango Framework, and Grommet UI library is a plus. 
Experience working with and installation of Linux (RedHat, CentOS, SLES, Ubuntu), Windows Server operating systems, Windows Client operating systems, ESXi, VMWare. 
Knowledge of RESTful API, Redfish commands, and JSON format 
Knowledge of creating and using Docker containers and VMs. 
Experience in configuring Storage (internal/external storage, file systems, and raid/non-raid settings) and Networking devices (iSCSI, FCoE, IPs, VLANs, Bonding, Jumbo Frames, LAGs). 
Knowledge of networking concepts such as NIC teaming, VLANs, IPv4, IPv6. 
Evaluating forms and processes for software systems testing and methodology, including writing and execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
What We Can Offer You: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and participation in the shared values and purpose that make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers! At HPE, our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. 
If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
1085150 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Test Engineer jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Houston, TX Software Test Engineer salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,795 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
