
 
 
 
 Senior Scientist/Principal Scientist – Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Modeling and Simulation, Clinical Pharmacology - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Scientist/Principal Scientist – Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Modeling and Simulation, Clinical Pharmacology Genentech South San Francisco, CA 94080 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Modeling and Simulation (M&S) group in Clinical Pharmacology Department at Genentech, Inc. is seeking a highly motivated Ph.D. level Senior Scientist/Principal Scientist in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) to join our diverse group of data scientists (pharmacometricians, system modelers, advanced programmers, AI/ML scientists). Successful candidate should be driven to use cutting-edge machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) methods to advance the clinical development of novel drug candidates. He/She will be responsible to analyze diverse data types from multiple sources (eg. clinical trial data, real word data, public database, omics data, imaging, etc.) using ML, DL, and other state-of-art advanced analytics skills to generate actionable insights in areas such as identification of patterns in drug concentration and responses (biomarker, efficacy, safety), characterization of pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamics (PK/PD) relationship, analyzing data and making inferences/predictions for new scenarios, dosing optimization, combination strategy, patient selection, disease progression, investigation of biological/pharmacological insights, as well as automation of data processes and analytics tasks to enable high speed quantitative decision-making in drug development. This individual should also motivate others to deliver against commitments, including situational leadership in global teams across diverse cultures and time zones, embracing diversity and creating a culture of inclusion to ensure successful collaboration. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Strategize, plan, execute, and report ML, DL, and any other advanced analytics activities independently, as well as to present work at cross-functional teams, department meetings, senior management review committees, regulatory interactions, and scientific conferences. 
Apply advanced analytic methods on massive, integrated PK/PD/biomarker/efficacy/safety data from diverse sources to generate actionable insights in support of clinical development programs. 
Contribute to methodological development, best practices, and education of artificial intelligence, ML, DL, and other advanced analytics techniques across department. 
Maintain expertise and knowledge of technology trend and artificial intelligence landscape in our industry, with active publications in high quality scientific, technical, or medical journals. Assess and identify new opportunities in AI/ML for business objectives. 
Adapt and thrive in an interactive, team-oriented culture. Work in close partnership with other scientists in Modeling and Simulation, Clinical Pharmacology, Clinical Science, Informatics, Biostatistics, Preclinical and Translational PK, DMPK, Safety Assessment, Biomarker, Diagnostics, Regulatory, and other functions 
Qualified candidate may be responsible for overseeing the strategy and implementation of ML and DL by other scientists across projects and across platform. 
REQUIRMENTS: 
The ideal candidate will satisfy many of the following requirements: 
Strong expertise in artificial intelligence, applied mathematics, statistics, bioinformatics, or related data science areas, as well as outstanding machine learning and deep learning programming skills (eg. using R, Matlab, Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, Mathematica, SAS etc.) are required. 
Drug development knowledge and working experience of AI/ML application in healthcare is highly desired. 
Working knowledge with diverse data types and sources is preferred (eg. clinical trial data, real word data, public database, omics data, imaging, wearable data, text etc.). 
Understanding of PK, PD, clinical pharmacology, traditional PK/PD modeling, Pharmacometrics, Quantitative Systems Pharmacology modeling is a big plus, but not required. 
The candidate must have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, as well as the ability to work independently and effectively on cross-functional teams. 
For experienced candidate, he/she should have strong leadership skills and demonstrated ability to influence. 
EDUCATION: 
A Ph.D. or equivalent degree in Artificial Intelligence, Computational Science, Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Biostatistics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Bioinformatics or related discipline with 0+ year (for Scientist), 3+ years (for Senior Scientist), 7+ years (for Principal Scientist) of industry, academia, regulatory, and/or related post-doctoral experience is required. Candidates without formal degree who have comparable depth and breadth of analytics training and working experience, and who meet job-specific criteria, are eligible for consideration. 
#DevSci 
#ClinPharm 
#ClinicalPharm 
#ASCPT2021 
#gREDInformatics 
#LI-KD1 Genentech 30+ days ago original job Report job Senior Principal Scientist jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Senior Principal Scientist salaries in South San Francisco, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
