
 
 
 
 Senior Product Manager - Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning - Des Moines, IA 50325 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Product Manager - Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning CO-OP Financial Services Des Moines, IA 50325 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity:
 
We are seeking a talented  Senior Product Manager  to lead and own assigned product service lines. Major responsibilities will include product strategy development, requirements definition, go-to-market strategy, execution, and ongoing growth of individual service lines. This Senior Product Manager works extensively with clients, staff, analysts, and partners as well as provide strategic support to the sales and marketing teams. The Senior Product Manager facilitates the product development lifecycle through product assessments, business case creation, business requirements, operating model, product positioning/commercialization, competitive analysis, product integration, market launch, and ongoing product lifecycle management. 
This position is  fully-remote . That means we are open to talent across the country and the person in this position will be able to continue working remotely even after we transition back into our physical office locations. 
This position is  temporarily-remote . That means that this position is currently remote due to COVID. However, once we transition back into the office, the manager would prefer for this person to work in the physical office. 
This position is  flexibly-remote . That means that this position is currently remote due to COVID. Once we make the transition back into the office, there may be flexibility for a hybrid schedule of both remote and in-office work. 
This position is  on-site . That means that the person in this position is expected to work in our physical office location. As stated above, we are doing everything we can to protect our employees that are working on-site and greatly appreciate their commitment. 
What You Can Look Forward to:
 Provides direction in the market analysis process for new products/services to determine customer needs, industry direction, competitive product and market positioning and overall product strategy. 
Creates overarching view of assigned product portfolio strategy for management and enhancements. Acts as a project lead in the developing and implementing of strategies for product portfolio solutions. 
Ensures the timely creation and updating of the product vision and roadmap. 
Provides guidance to support new product/service viability and aid/supports in the summary recommendation of go or no-go decision for senior leadership. 
Acts as the product functional leader on all products within the assigned product portfolio vertical. Acts as representative of the product portfolio for internal and external audiences. 
Leads the research, analysis, and development of new product enhancements, services and markets for assigned product portfolio. 
Provides sales support for new and existing clients regarding assigned product portfolio. 
Conducts training for internal and external audiences regarding current and future product offerings and payment solutions with in assigned product portfolio. 
Ensures the management of life cycle of all products or product lines within assigned portfolio; including evaluating customer needs, product enhancement, and determining end of life timing and strategy. 
Responsible for reporting risks that are identified to the appropriate team and/or management. Additionally, responsible for managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the scope of your work area, to include, but not limited to Information Security risks. 
Actively supports our CO-OP culture and embraces our core values of Work as Partners, Communicate Openly and Honestly, Demonstrate Excellence and Champion Change in all interactions. 
What Youâll Need to Succeed:
 Bachelor’s degree plus minimum of five years of product experience plus at least three years in a product management role, or equivalent training and/or experience. 
Professional background in strategic and tactical product management. 
Proven track record and experience in presentation skills to both a large and small group. 
Proven track record of bringing successful products to market on time. 
Proven staff management skills in leading resources to a higher and strategic thought process. 
Knowledge of strategic and tactical product management and product development methodologies. 
Knowledge of strategic planning process. 
Knowledge of product life cycle management tenets. 
Knowledge of financial forecasting, creation of budgets and financial justification for product business decisions. 
Advanced understanding and knowledge of financial services industry, preferably credit unions and payments industry. 
Experience utilizing and implementing different product pricing strategies. 
Exceptional analytical skills. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Excellent presentation skills. 
Skilled at driving projects to completion in a timely manner, meeting pre-determined deadlines. 
Strong requirements gathering skills. 
Skilled at defining customer needs and using that knowledge to defining functional product specifications. 
Excellent Market research and analysis skills, including sizing and market need. 
Skilled at evaluation of business and product opportunities. 
Ability to assess impact on organization and operational environment of new product initiatives. 
Excellent listening skills. 
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook. 
Outstanding execution skills. 
Strong financial analysis skills—to assist finance department in building forecasting models and use those models to build financial business case for products. 
Why Join CO-OP?:
 
CO-OP is committed to fostering a workplace where every employee feels valued, respected, and connected. We are dedicated to understanding, attracting and engaging a diverse workforce; ensuring that our employee base reflects the consumers we serve; cultivating a workplace in which every employee can live up to their full potential. The result of this effort is an inclusive environment where diverse talent thrives. You will be part of an organization that focuses on a strong culture and embodies the credit union movement philosophy of People Helping People. CO-OP’s commitment to reflecting our own core values and purpose extends beyond how we serve our clients and the products that we deliver. 
With more than 35 years of industry leadership, CO-OP Financial Services is the largest, most comprehensive credit union service organization in the nation. CO-OP serves as THE credit union technology engine, bringing payments solutions, engagement services and strategic counsel to help credit unions optimize member experiences to consistently provide seamless, personalized multi-channel offerings, while delivering secure, sophisticated fraud mitigation service. 
CO-OP serves more than 3,000 client credit unions, with 60 million debit and credit cardholders, nearly 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs and more than 5,600 shared branches nationwide. Our vast technological ecosystem facilitates more than 6.5 billion transactions every year and equips credit unions of all sizes to deepen member engagement and prosper in the fast-paced world of fintech. 
The Perks:
 Fun, challenging and, collaborative work environment with passionate colleagues that care deeply about the intersection of technology and human-centered financial services. 
Great Work/Life Benefits – Paid Time Off (PTO), Maternity, Parental, Family Care, Adoption Leave Programs, Community Volunteer Time Off, and 10 Paid Holidays. 
Health benefits – medical, dental, & vision plus wellness programs and gym reimbursements. 
401K with generous company match. 
Tuition reimbursement. CO-OP Financial Services 30+ days ago original job Report job Senior Product Manager jobs in Des Moines, IA Jobs at CO-OP Financial Services in Des Moines, IA Senior Product Manager salaries in Des Moines, IA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
