
 
 
 
 QE Test Analyst - Milford, CT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search QE Test Analyst Capgemini 8,253 reviews Milford, CT Capgemini 8,253 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Test planning in accordance with testing scope and coverage. 
Identify and implement the processes to detect defects early, prevent defects slipping from QA to UAT / Production 
Develop and maintain automation scripts based on test cases identified for automation. 
Manual testing includes writing and executing functional, smoke, sanity, regression & UI testing. 
Execute and analyze automated regression suites to ensure quality deliveries. 
Participate in agile ceremonies to include daily scrums, sprint planning and retrospectives. 
Drive the Root Cause Analysis of the production issues & improve the process to prevent them. 
Requirement : 
4+ years experience with Manual Testing 
Experience in analyzing the Unit Test Reports, Static Code Analysis Reports 
Testing and ALM Tools: Azure DevOps (TFS), JIRA, GIT, Maven 
QA Skills: Manual + Automation Testing for POS + Digital eCom testing (Mobile & Web app Testing) 
Tools Exp: Selenium, Appium, Azure DevOps, Jenkin, TestNG, Mevan, AWS, Git 
Automated Test Tools: AWS Lambda, Selenium, TestNG, POSTMAN/SOAPUI, Appium, Winium, JSON " 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Test Analyst jobs in Milford, CT Jobs at Capgemini in Milford, CT Test Analyst salaries in Milford, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,253 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
