
 
 
 
 IT Auditor II for an Established Bank based in Los Angeles - Los Angeles, CA 90001 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications IT Auditor II for an Established Bank based in Los Angeles Vertical Careers, Inc. Los Angeles, CA 90001 IT AUDITOR II
 
WHAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY?
 
The auditor will work within the FDIC Improvement Act (FDICIA) Internal Audit team primarily focused on documenting, assessing, and testing IT controls (IT General Controls, IT Application controls, Key Reports) in support of the overall FDICIA and SOX financial statement audit. The auditor will work primarily on a team performing IT integrated audit assignments (e.g., information security, network security, cloud, change management, data privacy, etc.) and ensuring compliance with bank policies, procedures, and regulatory requirements. Risk Management Division This is a great opportunity to grow your career with a stable and expanding organization as a member of the company's Internal Audit team. The focus is on ensuring business activities remain safe, compliant, and well-positioned for future opportunities and sustainable growth.
 
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
 
 
 Develops a general knowledge of the business, regulatory, IT, and accounting control environment in which the company operates. 
 Keeps informed of new services, products and events that have a significant technology and business impact. Keeps abreast of changes in the business, regulatory, IT, accounting and control environment in which the company operates, particularly in areas where audit responsibilities are assigned. 
 Assists the Senior Auditor and/ or Audit Manager in the development of the audit scope. 
 Holds preliminary discussions and interviews with auditees prior to the beginning of the fieldwork. 
 Prepares narratives/flowcharts detailing internal controls of the area audited. Documents the workflow in the area audited, develops audit programs or procedures, and updates audit programs as necessary. 
 Holds discussions/interviews with the auditee to gather information, obtains explanations and supporting data/information, and performs program procedures to document work performed. Documents audit findings, test results, and conclusions are drawn using work paper preparation guidelines. 
 Keeps the Senior Auditor and/or Audit Manager abreast of progress, issues, and audit matters as they arise. 
 Contributes to the drafting of audit observation sheets and audit reports. 
 Supports and or participates in audit exit meetings with management. 
 Complies fully with all Bank Operational and Credit policies and procedures as well as all regulatory requirements (e.g. Bank Secrecy Act, Know Your Client, Community Reinvestment Act, Fair Lending Practices, Code of Conduct, etc.). 
 Completes all required training. 
 Completes timesheets and expense reports in a timely manner. 
 
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED
 
Must-Have*
 
 
 Bachelor's Degree 
 Minimum 2 years of experience in performing IT internal control audits and risk assessments required. 
 Minimum 1 year of public accounting and/or private industry experience with knowledge of IT control areas required. Skills and Knowledge 
 Understanding of risks, internal controls, work paper documentation, and issue identification concepts and experience in applying them to plan, perform, and report on the evaluation of various business processes/areas/functions. 
 Ability to work independently or under the guidance and supervision of a Senior Auditor. 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills, to effectively present to peers and management. 
 Ability to exhibit leadership skills needed to convey ideas and obtain management buy-in for constructive change. 
 Understanding of internal auditing standards, COSO and risk assessment practices. 
 Understanding of the technical aspects of information technology. 
 Experience in performing multiple projects and working with varying team members. 
 Prior financial services industry experience is a plus. 
 Understanding and/or skillset necessary to build Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Tableau data visualizations, and Robotic Processing Automation solutions preferred. 
 To be considered for this position you must meet at least these basic qualifications The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. 
 
INCLUSION AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYMENT
 
Our client is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. Vertical Careers, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job IT Auditor II jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Vertical Careers in Los Angeles, CA IT Auditor II salaries in Los Angeles, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
