
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Bioinformatics - Syracuse, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor - Bioinformatics Syracuse University 549 reviews Syracuse, NY Syracuse University 549 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job #   075580 
 
 Job Title   Assistant Professor - Bioinformatics 
 
 Location   Life Sciences Complex 
 
 Pay Range   Commensurate with Experience 
 
 FLSA Status   Exempt 
 
 Hours 
 As determined by Department Chair. 
 
 Job Type   Full-time 
 
 Rank   Assistant 
 
 Campus   Syracuse, NY 
 
 Unionized Position Code   Not Applicable 
 
 Job Description 
 The Department of Biology at Syracuse University seeks applicants for a tenure-track position in Bioinformatics at the Assistant Professor level. Candidates should have demonstrated bioinformatics and computational biology research experience that complements existing departmental strengths in Genetics, Genomics and Epigenetics; Cell, Molecular and Developmental Biology; Evolution and Animal Behavior; Neuroscience and Ecology and Plant Biology. Candidates must have expertise in the application of bioinformatics techniques and should be interested in the development of novel statistical and algorithmic approaches, potentially including Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics and Optimization Algorithms. The candidate is expected to develop a vigorous externally funded research program and participate in graduate and undergraduate teaching and mentoring in the areas of his or her expertise. 
 
This recruitment is part of the ambitious Invest Syracuse Big Data Initiative in the broad area of Genomics, Bioinformatics, Data Sciences and Analytics. Faculty hired into these positions will join a highly collaborative group of biologists and will contribute to a multidisciplinary research cluster that spans multiple departments in the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Engineering and Computer Science, Falk College and Whitman School of Management. The Department of Biology also has strong research and educational ties to the adjacent Upstate Medical University and the State University of New York College of Environmental Science and Forestry. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Candidates must have a PhD in a relevant area of biology and an outstanding record of research experience at the postdoctoral level. 
 
 Job Specific Qualifications 
 Candidates should have demonstrated bioinformatics research experience, potentially including both computational and experimental skills, and will be expected to work collaboratively with other faculty in the Department of Biology, whose strengths include genetics, genomics and epigenetics. Candidates must have demonstrated expertise in the application of standard bioinformatics techniques, and should be interested in developing new methods through the application of statistical and algorithmic approaches, including Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics and Optimization Algorithms. The candidate is expected to develop a vigorous externally-funded research program and participate in graduate and undergraduate teaching and mentoring in the areas of his or her expertise. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Teaching, service and research. 
 
The standard teaching load is 1 course in the fall and 1 course in the spring. 
 
#HEJ 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 
 Tools/Equipment 
 
 Application Instructions 
 In addition to completing an online application, please upload a (1) cover letter, (2) curriculum vitae, (3) combined research and teaching statement (upload under “Teaching Philosophy”) and (4) diversity statement (upload under “Other Document”). Please note that your named referees will be emailed automatically to provide them with a link to upload their recommendation letters. You may wish to follow up with your referees to confirm that they have received this information after your application has been submitted. 
 
 About Syracuse University 
 Syracuse University is a private, international research university with distinctive academics, diversely unique offerings and an undeniable spirit. Located in the geographic heart of New York State, with a global footprint, and nearly 150 years of history, Syracuse University offers a quintessential college experience. 
 
The scope of Syracuse University is a testament to its strengths: a pioneering history dating back to 1870; a choice of more than 200 majors and 100 minors offered through 13 schools and colleges; nearly 15,000 undergraduates and 5,000 graduate students; more than a quarter of a million alumni in 160 countries; and a student population from all 50 U.S. states and 123 countries. For more information, please visit www.syracuse.edu. 
 
 About the Syracuse area 
 Syracuse is a medium-sized city situated in the geographic center of New York State approximately 250 miles northwest of New York City. The metro-area population totals approximately 500,000. The area offers a low cost of living and provides many social, cultural, and recreational options, including parks, museums, festivals, professional regional theater, and premier shopping venues. Syracuse and Central New York present a wide range of seasonal recreation and attractions ranging from water skiing and snow skiing, hiking in the Adirondacks, touring the historic sites, visiting wineries along the Finger Lakes, and biking on trails along the Erie Canal. 
 
 EEOC 
 Syracuse University is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution. The University prohibits discrimination and harassment based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, ethnicity, marital status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law to the extent prohibited by law. This nondiscrimination policy covers admissions, employment, and access to and treatment in University programs, services, and activities. 
 
 Commitment to Supporting and Hiring Veterans 
 Syracuse University has a long history of engaging veterans and the military-connected community through its educational programs, community outreach, and employment programs. After World War II, Syracuse University welcomed more than 10,000 returning veterans to our campus, and those veterans literally transformed Syracuse University into the national research institution it is today. The University’s contemporary commitment to veterans builds on this historical legacy, and extends to both class-leading initiatives focused on making an SU degree accessible and affordable to the post-9/11 generation of veterans, and also programs designed to position Syracuse University as the employer of choice for military veterans, members of the Guard and Reserve, and military family members. 
 
 Commitment to a Diverse and Inclusive Campus Community 
 Syracuse University maintains an inclusive learning environment in which students, faculty, administrators, staff, curriculum, social activities, governance, and all other aspects of campus life reflect a diverse, multi-cultural, and international worldview. The University community recognizes and values the many similarities and differences among individuals and groups. At Syracuse, we are committed to preparing students to understand, live among, appreciate, and work in an inherently diverse country and world made up of people with different ethnic and racial backgrounds, military backgrounds, religious beliefs, socio-economic status, cultural traditions, abilities, sexual orientations and gender identities. To do so, we commit ourselves to promoting a community that celebrates and models the principles of diversity and inclusivity. 
 
 Quick Link   https://www.sujobopps.com/postings/85905 
 
 Job Posting Date   02/04/2021 
 
 Application Deadline 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Priority Consideration   03/15/2021 
 
 Job Category   Faculty 
 
 Message to Applicants Syracuse University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Syracuse, NY Jobs at Syracuse University in Syracuse, NY Assistant Professor salaries in Syracuse, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Syracuse University Syracuse University 549 reviews Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university located in Syracuse, New York. The ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
