
 
 
 
 Programs Director I - Annapolis Junction, MD 20701 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Programs Director I BAE Systems 4,176 reviews Annapolis Junction, MD 20701 BAE Systems 4,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description BAE Intelligence Solutions is seeking a Programs Director. This position will lead programs and opportunities in the Maryland Intelligence customer space reporting to the Director of Mission Intelligence. The Director will oversee daily operations to include program execution, financial performance, strategic direction and new business growth, be responsible for the attainment of short- and long-term financial and operational goals and cultivate strategic partnerships in order to shape future opportunities. The portfolio of business includes High Performance Computing, Signals Intelligence (SIGINT), security and software engineering, sustainment & systems engineering supporting enterprise and mission operations. The successful employee will have strong leadership, communications skills, driving growth and delivering business operations expertise ready for leading a $75M portfolio.
 
 
Organizational Background 
Intelligence Solutions (IS) is focused on the Intelligence Community (IC) offering comprehensive and integrated solutions leveraging our technology and analytics capabilities tuned to IC missions. Intelligence Solutions is focused on maintaining and growing our strong market positions in deployed mission analytics, cyber and information technology while continuing our accelerating transformation as a Digital Systems Integrator aligned with our customers mission needs. We are excited about continuing to add to our dynamic team with this Strategy leadership position. The position is located in Annapolis Junction, Maryland, with the best candidate being well prepared to adapt to dynamic remote and virtual team collaboration as well as travel to customer locations for engagement. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Required Education, Experience, & Skills
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in a related technical or business discipline and 10 years work experience Minimum of 10 years of relevant support to Intelligence Community
 An Active Top Secret/SCI is required to be considered 
 Demonstrated leadership in large programs as within a defense contractor environment Demonstrated history identifying, establishing and developing important customer relationships with senior level officials and program stakeholders within intelligence community Ability to develop and execute business plan consistent with company goals and objectives Demonstrated experience developing proposals, contract modifications and delivering growth Experience in budget management, key program level economic indicators and drivers 
 Experience with high levels of execution of assigned portfolio of programs; cost, schedule, technical performance, staffing, quality, and customer engagement) and ensuring program commitments are met, having the authority to make cogent and timely decisions related to the project Experience leading a large program (>$50M) or multiple programs achieving mission outcomes in complex environment
 Promote high customer satisfaction and demonstrate adaptation to changing customer needs as well as introducing innovations, efficiencies and new capabilities to improve mission performance 
 Establish productive relationships with counterparts in other segments of the business, vendors, industry partners and staff. Attract, develop and retain high performing, diverse talent within the business; build future leaders through mentoring and serving as a role model Demonstrated history of mentorship of new program managers and establishing a positive mission focused culture amongst leaders and employees Proven experience with diverse teams, strong coaching and mentoring skills and ability to achieve results through others. Excellent writing, communication skills with experience presenting to senior executives and customers 
 Experience with or knowledge of programmatic challenges and needs for systems integration in the following areas: Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, IT and Cloud Transformation, Cyber Security and Software Development. Knowledge of key Government customer buying behaviors Knowledge of competitors and ability to model competitor behaviors in the market 
 
Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills
 
 Master’s Degree PMP Certification 
Personal Characteristics
 
The successful candidate will possess the following attributes: 
 Entrepreneurial mindset in creating innovative business models to meet the customers’ needs. Ability to influence in a dynamic environment and respond to changing customer and market demands. Strong analytical skills with the ability to understand and navigate the detail, but understand which messages to communicate at the executive level.
 Service-focused with a strong work ethic. Hands-on, “roll up your sleeves” mindset Strong communication and negotiation skills. Ability to influence internal management and influences and shapes the image of a complex program and/or sector. Provent leadership skills and the ability to attract, motivate, train, and retain a dynamic team. Strong oral and written communication and presentation skills to facilitate effective communication at all levels of the organization and across multiple cultures as well as into the customer or partner community. Builds and sustains effective relationships. Seeks and finds common ground to solve problems for the betterment of the organization.
 Clearly and consistently represents organizational interests while demonstrating respect for others’ perspectives.
 Encourages collaboration and teamwork and is consistently seen as a team player. Able to embrace ambiguity and lead through it with a clear point of view and rationale for decisions. 
 
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security
 
BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference. 
 
Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.
 
 
At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues. BAE Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in Annapolis Junction, MD Jobs at BAE Systems in Annapolis Junction, MD Program Director salaries in Annapolis Junction, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from BAE Systems BAE Systems 4,176 reviews At BAE Systems, we provide some of the world's most advanced, technology-led defense, aerospace and security solutions. We develop, engin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
