
 
 
 
 Active and Passive Radar Research Scientist II - Pasadena, CA 91109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Active and Passive Radar Research Scientist II JPL/NASA Pasadena, CA 91109 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Details 
New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL. 
Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
Overview: 
New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL. 
Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
With an unmatched history creating groundbreaking advances in science and technology, JPL has been in the space exploration business since the beginning. Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
We resonate with people who are looking for ways to go further and offer an opportunity to be part of a team of passionate and dedicated engineers working with some of the world’s best capabilities and cutting- edge technology in science, technology, and engineering. The pride of working at JPL’s (NASA and Caltech) innovative work culture; we offer a comprehensive benefits plan, relocation, tuition reimbursement and generous Caltech retirement contributions. 
The Tracking Systems and Application Section provides world-leading capability and expertise in a wide range of technologies that are critical to spacecraft tracking and related applications. The Section supports algorithm development, calibration and validation of NASA’s satellite altimeter missions as well as NASA's deep-space missions by providing to the JPL navigators unique and extremely precise radiometric sources and data types. The Section provides the Deep Space Network (DSN) with precision atomic frequency and time references and distribution systems. The Section is responsible in delivering to JPL navigators a host of products that are required for deep space navigation such as celestial and terrestrial reference frame coordinates, Earth orientation parameters, and calibrations to account for the effects of the Earth's troposphere and ionosphere on radiofrequency metric tracking data-types. The Section also performs extensive scientific investigations using its technologies in the areas of planetary dynamics, astrophysics, astrometry and radio astronomy, gravitational waves, geophysics, and fundamental physics. 
Responsibilities:
 We invite you to join the Tracking Systems and Applications Section within the Deep Space Tracking Systems Group (335D) to serve as an Active and Passive Research Scientist II. The primary responsibilities will be on the Europa Clipper Project where you will support the Radar for Europa Assessment and Sounding: Ocean to Near-surface (REASON) Investigation for the remainder of Phase C/D. You will also be the Investigation Scientist Assistant supporting the REASON Investigation Scientist and will be involved with research and development activities outside of Europa Clipper. 
Tasks Include: 
Europa Clipper Investigation Scientists are members of the Project Science Staff and have the following responsibilities and tasks in support of the Project and Deputy Project Scientists: 
Serve as science liaison between assigned investigation team and other elements of the Project and represent the investigation in Project meetings and discussions with the spacecraft and ground data systems, mission planning, science operations, science data management, education and public outreach; serve within the Project as the technical or scientific point of contact for an instrument to the science team and/or science community. Provide scientific advice and assessment to projects and/or programs for an instrument as a representative of the science team. 
Ensure that the investigation Principal Investigator (PI) is informed in a timely manner of all relevant Project activities and that the Project Science Office is informed in a timely manner of all relevant investigation Science Team activities; 
Facilitate the exchange of information between the PI and the investigation science teams and Project personnel at JPL and APL, as directed; 
Provide, in concert with the PI and his/her investigation team, assessments of possible impacts on the investigation science and recommendations for actions by the Project, including preparation and submittal of formal change requests; coordinate resolution, as assigned by the Project or Deputy Project Scientist, of science issues between the assigned investigation team and other elements of the Project; 
Assist in the planning, development, maintenance, review, and execution of spacecraft, payload, Mission Operation System, and other Project processes, policies, and procedures relevant to their assigned investigation team; facilitate compliance by all personnel. 
Call into REASON team telecons and attend Project Science Group (PSG) and major REASON team meetings; 
Carry out other assignments as directed by the Europa Clipper Project and Deputy Project Scientists. 
Additional tasks will include: 
Developing an externally funded research program in active and passive radar sounding by preparing and submitting proposals to NASA and other funding agencies. 
Publishing research results in the peer-reviewed literature. 
Qualifications: 
This position requires a Bachelor’s degree in geodesy, environmental science, planetary science, geography, geology, geophysics, or related technical discipline with typically a minimum of 3 years of related experience; Master’s degree in similar disciplines with typically a minimum of 1 years of related experience; or PhD in similar disciplines. 
Demonstrated experience with, and successful analysis of active and passive radar sounding observations. 
Understanding and application of advanced principles, theories, and concepts in active and passive radar techniques. 
Broad knowledge in one or more related fields of the following areas: radar research, geodesy, geophysics, astrophysics, software development, artificial intelligence, quantitative modeling, and probabilistic methods. 
Extensive experience in programming languages such as C++, C, and Python. 
Preferred Qualifications:
 Experience in writing proposals, task plans, and research publications for peer reviewed forums. 
Experience in conceiving and conducting independent scientific research, with a strong interest in applying those efforts to active and passive radar sounding observations. 
Excellent oral (including public speaking) and written communication skills. 
Mentoring and coaching of others internal and external to organization. 
Closing Statement: 
JPL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy or perceived pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, protected military or veteran status or any other characteristic or condition protected by Federal, state or local law. 
In addition, JPL is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 
EEO is the Law 
EEO is the Law Supplement 
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision 
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a federal facility. Due to rules imposed by NASA, JPL will not accept applications from citizens of designated countries or those born in a designated country unless they are Legal Permanent Residents of the U.S or have other protected status under 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). The Designated Countries List is available here. 
JPL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy or perceived pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, protected military or veteran status or any other characteristic or condition protected by Federal, state or local law. 
In addition, JPL is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 
EEO is the Law. 
EEO is the Law Supplement 
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision 
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a federal facility. Due to rules imposed by NASA, JPL will not accept applications from citizens of designated countries or those born in a designated country unless they are Legal Permanent Residents of the U.S or have other protected status under 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). The Designated Countries List is available here. Jet Propulsion Laboratory 25 days ago original job Report job Senior Research Scientist jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at JPL/NASA in Pasadena, CA Senior Research Scientist salaries in Pasadena, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
