
 
 
 
 TSMD - Journey Machinist - Grove City, OH 43123 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications TSMD - Journey Machinist TOSOH SMD INC Grove City, OH 43123 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tosoh SMD, Inc.  is a global leader in semiconductor materials for the electronics, aeronautical and medical industries. Our superior products help our customers introduce new cutting edge technologies that make our lives easier and move us into the future. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facility and materials laboratory located in Grove City, OH manages the entire life cycle of all our products including supply chain development, research and development, manufacturing, testing and distribution. 
Our innovative and devoted team of scientist, engineers, metallurgical experts, manufacturers and managers continuously collaborate and strategize to improve and create new materials for a wide range of our customer's semiconductor needs ranging from computer chips to supporting artificial intelligence. As one of over 100 Tosoh Corporation's family of companies our motto is  "We Make the Material That Makes Your Devices Work". 
Tosoh SMD, Inc. is currently looking for experienced CNC machinists with strong attention to detail. Current positions are available  3rd shift (10pm to 6am) . Qualified candidates will be eligible for an outstanding benefits package,  including a $2000 sign on bonus! 
Major Duties and Responsibilities 
Follow, initiate and implement procedures and setup sheets. 
Setup manual or CNC machines on Automated proven programs. 
Setup and operate all related equipment in the cell. 
Inspect parts to print and Clean per special instructions as well as enter all required data into QDA. 
Complete all required documentation. 
Train in and follow Lean Methods. 
Rework defective/non-conforming parts. 
Must be able to follow Procedures, Standard Work and Job Instructions. 
Must be safety trained. 
Must have the capability and skill set to be used in other work areas as needed. 
Education and Experience: 
 
High school diploma or equivalent. 
Outstanding communication skills. Must report to Lead person or Supervisor any abnormal issues that are encountered. 
Outstanding interpersonal skills. 
CNC Machining skills (single spindle and dual spindle machines, programming, tooling knowledge, ability to read blueprints). 
Ability to use and interpret dimensional measuring tools, CMM, MEPULS and NDT tools. 
Mechanical aptitude. 
Operate duel spindle Mazak's 
Ability to monitor/execute the CNC machines and other equipment of the area preventative maintenance tasks as required. 
Ability to identify and implement improvements. 
Proven ability to work with minimal supervision. 
Operate Flex arm lifting device, Grit blaster and Buffer 
 
TSMD is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Vets/Disability. TOSOH SMD INC 30+ days ago original job Report job Machinist jobs in Grove City, OH Jobs at TOSOH SMD in Grove City, OH Machinist salaries in Grove City, OH Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
