
 
 
 
 Senior Scientist, Pharmacometrics, Statistics, and Systems Pharmacology - Clinical Pharmacology Modeling and Simulation - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Scientist, Pharmacometrics, Statistics, and Systems Pharmacology - Clinical Pharmacology Modeling and Simulation Genentech 960 reviews South San Francisco, CA 94080 Genentech 960 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description RESPONSIBILITIES: 
The Clinical Pharmacology Department at Genentech, Inc. is seeking Ph.D. level Scientist, or Senior Scientist who is driven to use cutting edge modeling approaches to advance the clinical development of novel drug candidates to join our diverse group of pharmacometricians, system modelers, advanced programmers, and artificial intelligence/machine learning scientists. This individual will be responsible for the development and implementation of Modeling and Simulation (M&S) strategy, in order to ensure that the right drug is administered to the right patient at the right dosing regimen. The modeling and simulation activities include population PK/PD models, disease models, statistical models, physiologically-based PK (PBPK) models, quantitative system pharmacology (QSP) models, clinical trial simulations, literature meta-analysis, machine learning/deep learning, and other state of the art quantitative techniques. Key technical responsibilities are to organize, execute, and report M&S independently, as well as to present work at cross-functional teams, department meetings, senior management review committees, regulatory interactions, and scientific conferences. Other responsibilities will include planning, writing, and reviewing relevant clinical documents such as study protocols, analysis plans, reports, and regulatory documents. These will be accomplished by working in close partnership with other scientists in Clinical Pharmacology, Clinical Science, Biostatistics, Preclinical and Translational PK, DMPK, Safety Assessment, Biomarker, Diagnostics, Regulatory, RWD (Real World Data), and other functions on project teams. Qualified candidate could be responsible to manage employees via direct and/or matrix management system, providing oversight of the strategy and implementation of M&S by other scientists across projects. 
REQUIREMENTS: 
Candidates should have solid expertise in quantitative pharmacology and strong hands-on modeling and simulation skills. Rich hands-on experience with NONMEM, R, SimBiology, Simcyp, GastroPlus, and/or other modeling and simulation software is required. Experience with advanced statistical modeling, clinical trial simulation, optimal design, advanced mechanistic PK/PD modeling is highly preferred. Experience in interaction with regulatory agencies is desired. The candidate must have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to work independently and effectively on interdepartmental project teams. For experienced candidate, he/she should have demonstrated impact on drug development through quantitative approaches. The candidate must have strong leadership skills and the ability to influence. People management experiences are a plus. 
EDUCATION: 
A Ph.D. or equivalent in Pharmacometrics, Biostatistics, Biomedical or Chemical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or Physics, Pharmaceutical Sciences, or related discipline with 0+ year (for Scientist), 3+ years (for Senior Scientist), 7+ years (for Principal Scientist) of industry, regulatory, and/or related post-doctoral Modeling and Simulation experience is required. 
#DevSci 
#ClinPharm 
#ClinicalPharm 
#LI-KD1 
#ASCPT2021 Genentech 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Senior Scientist salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 960 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
