
 
 
 
 Research Scientist Remote US - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist Remote US HeartFlow, Inc. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join our world-class research science team in the development of the state-of-the-art automated machine learning technologies behind the HeartFlow Analysis. 
Image Analysis at HeartFlow: 
HeartFlow’s Image Analysis team develops the cloud processing technologies that automatically analyze cardiac CTA scans. The team also develops the interactive algorithms in the workstation that an in-house team of experts use to review and correct the processed data. Because HeartFlow stores all the received CTA scans together with the reviewed and corrected annotations it has access to an unprecedented amount of annotated medical image data. This allows HeartFlow’s Image Analysis team to develop ground-breaking Machine Learning technology to further improve the HeartFlow Analysis and explore exciting new products. 
Job Description: 
This position is for a scientist working in HeartFlow’s Image Analysis team whose primary responsibility will be to research, design, develop, and validate cutting-edge machine learning algorithms for image analysis using large amounts of annotated volumetric medical images. The scientist will tackle exciting problems that can include topics such as uncertainty modeling, multi-object segmentation, object recognition, image registration, prognostic modeling, image quality assessment, and multi-modal image analysis. In particular, this role will offer the opportunity to develop and research (Bayesian) Deep Learning algorithms to create a state-of-the-art image quality assessment algorithm. 
 
 
Job Responsibilities 
Solving cutting-edge scientific and technical challenges related to doing machine learning (deep learning) with a large amount of volumetric images. 
Designing and developing image analysis algorithms and machine learning methods specifically for HeartFlow’s workflow with expert analysts in the loop. 
Author top-tier journal and conference papers on your research at HeartFlow. 
Intellectual ownership and specific lead responsibility related to the design, development, testing and delivery of integration of the machine learning and image analysis algorithms into the HeartFlow production workflow. 
Design, development, integration, testing and maintenance of specific service and monitoring interfaces and functionality for all components associated with the image processing algorithms and integration. 
Adherence to and active participation in the continuous development and improvement of all software quality policies and processes. 
Keeping up-to-date with the state-of-the-art by attending academic conferences and reading industry journals. 
Publish and disseminate findings by publishing articles and presenting at conferences. 
 You have experience in the following 
Machine learning (deep learning) 
Python (advanced programming) 
C++ (knowledge) 
Computer vision, image analysis 
 You are passionate about 
Solving prime medical problems with state-of-the-art technology 
Revolutionizing the way cardiovascular disease is diagnosed and treated 
Familiarity with modern software development tools (bug tracking systems, source code revision control, automated testing) 
Writing clean, modular, bug-free code 
Algorithm development and computational complexity. 
 You want to learn about 
Working in a regulated medical company 
Cardiovascular disease 
Computational fluid mechanics 
Building efficient interactive software tools 
High-performance and scalable computing 
Cloud computing 
 Educational Requirements & Work Experience 
PhD in Computer Science Math or related field with a focus on Machine Learning and Image Analysis 
A minimum of 2 years post-PhD work experience is desirable 
Publication record in high-impact computer vision and/or machine learning journals or conference is highly desirable 
 About HeartFlow, Inc. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is a medical technology company redefining the way heart disease is diagnosed and treated. Our non-invasive HeartFlow FFRct Analysis leverages deep learning to create a personalized 3D model of the heart. By using this model, clinicians can better evaluate the impact a blockage has on blood flow and determine the best treatment for patients. Our technology is reflective of our Silicon Valley roots and incorporates decades of scientific evidence with the latest advances in artificial intelligence. The HeartFlow FFRct Analysis is commercially available in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan. For more information, visit www.heartflow.com. 
HeartFlow, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to a work environment that supports, inspires, and respects all individuals and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local law. This policy applies to every aspect of employment at HeartFlow, including recruitment, hiring, training, relocation, promotion, and termination. 
Positions posted for HeartFlow are not intended for or open to third party recruiters / agencies. Submission of any unsolicited resumes for these positions will be considered to be free referrals. HeartFlow, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at HeartFlow in Remote Research Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from HeartFlow, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
