
 
 
 
 Head of HPC Engineering - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of HPC Engineering Lambda 17 reviews California Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our deep learning systems power cutting edge advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more.
 
Lambda's growing client list included Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and many more top public and private research institutions.
 
Join us in building the future of Artificial Intelligence.
 
About the Role
 
You'll be in charge of all new hardware product engineering at Lambda. You'll bring engineering expertise and thought leadership to the design of high performance computing systems for deep learning. You'll be comfortable with PCIe topologies, data center power and cooling, networking, and general purpose GPU compute.
 
What You'll Do
 
 Assume engineering leadership for our flagship product:  Lambda Echelon
 Design reference architectures & bills of materials for new Lambda products
 Stay on the cutting edge of computer components including PCIe generation, CPU price / performance ratios, and GPU architectures
 Create video presentations, slides, diagrams, and author white papers that clearly communicate the system's features and specifications
 Conduct CPU/GPU price/performance research based on real life benchmarks
 Validate new bills of materials for workstations, servers, and clusters
 Work alongside product, sales and operations team to design complete cluster solutions
 
Experience that's great to have
 
5+ years working with High Performance Computing systems
 Experience giving presentations to large audiences
 Experience shipping IT infrastructure products from start to finish
 Understanding of data center power, cooling, networks, storage, and compute systems
 
Nice to Have
 
Experience training neural networks or providing internal deep learning infrastructure
 Linux system administration experience
 
About Lambda
 
We offer generous cash & equity compensation.
 Investors include Gradient Ventures, Google's AI-focused venture fund.
 We are experiencing extremely high demand for our systems, with quarter over quarter, year over year profitability.
 Our research papers have been accepted into top machine learning and graphics conferences, including NeurIPS ,ICCV, SIGGRAPH, and TOG.
 We have a wildly talented team of 30, and growing fast.
 Our remote workforce, based on role, is across the U.S., with headquarters in San Francisco.
 Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents.
 Commuter/Work from home stipends.
 401k Plan.
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in California Jobs at Lambda in California Engineer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
