
 
 
 
 VP of People and Culture - Los Angeles, CA 90012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications VP of People and Culture Korrus Los Angeles, CA 90012 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us: 
Korrus is a rapidly growing technology company focused on a new field of study, Human Light Interaction. Using the sun as inspiration, we are using our inventions to transform artificial light. 
We develop light-based technologies to improve the physiological, visual, and psychological well-being of people. In this effort, we are pioneering in the areas of color science, AI, machine learning and software defined light. 
We hire curious, collaborative, autonomous and smart people who also happen to be very nice. We have a passion for tackling the unknown, solving hard problems, and answering questions that haven’t been explored. 
Primary Role and Responsibility: 
We know that culture separates great companies from good ones. As Vice President of People & Culture, you will report to the President and own all of the initiatives having to do with our people and culture. Namely, you will be working with our leadership team to attract great talent and then work with the entire organization to engage and develop them. 
Your primary responsibilities will be to oversee the execution of company culture building to align with our mission, our vision and our core values, talent acquisition, onboarding, performance management, training and leadership development. In conjunction, you will be the primary steward of our culture; ensuring that every touchpoint for our employees is consistent with our values and brand. Further you will be responsible for ensuring each member of our team understands and represents the best of who we are through the curation of communications, policies, activities, and events. 
The ideal candidate is an executive with 10+ years of HR/People experience who has worked in a fast-paced environment, has experience working in a leadership team structure, has exceptional written and verbal skills and strong project planning and execution. We are looking for someone who can think strategically and then rapidly and effectively execute. 
 
Develop goals and strategy for People, aligning with business objectives and the selection, development and retention of team members 
 Manage and oversee talent acquisition, leading senior leader recruiting, and overseeing recruiting and onboarding processes 
 Manage talent development, including performance management, training and leadership development, career progression, diversity initiatives, and knowledge management 
 Manage human resources, including HR services and policies, compensation strategy, workers compensation, visa and immigration support, health benefits and 401(K) 
 Manage culture activities, including events and team meetings, with project management of content development, logistics, team engagement, content capture, and management of administrative resource(s) 
 Communicate updates on people initiatives across the company, and act as primary liaison to internal committees and working groups 
 Evaluate and implement technology platforms and processes to support the execution of initiatives 
 Run point on management communications, such as internal updates and all-hands meetings 
 Employee Relations, oversee and execute progressive employee relations strategies 
 Culture, ensure that every touchpoint for our employees is consistent with our values and brand 
 Required Skills/Qualifications: 
 Experience in leading people and human resources initiatives. You know what to prioritize and how to execute from experience. 
 Background in Talent acquisition. You know how to recruit top talent, and train and manage others to do the same. 
 Love for Talent Development. You love coaching, training, and developing programs to make people better. 
 Demonstrated commitment to being an expert. You stay on top of the latest trends and best practices in people operations. You network with others in your field. 
 Data Driven. You embrace using data and metrics to drive a people operations strategy 
 Experience in High Growth Companies. You know what it means to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment without the infrastructure (and bureaucracy) of a larger company. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills. Your friends all came to you to proofread their papers in college. 
 Exceptional people skills. You can work with people at any level of the organization. 
 Passion for our mission. You relate to our mission to ensure that the future of EcoSense is even better than its past. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, or covered veteran status. Korrus 30+ days ago original job Report job Vice President of Human Resources jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Korrus in Los Angeles, CA Vice President of Human Resources salaries in Los Angeles, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
