
 
 
 
 AI Scientist, Small Molecule Drug Discovery, Genentech Research - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Scientist, Small Molecule Drug Discovery, Genentech Research Genentech 960 reviews South San Francisco, CA 94080 Genentech 960 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Genentech Small Molecule Drug Discovery (SMDD) is expanding our AI effort to make the hunt for new pharmaceuticals quicker, cheaper for society, and more effective. We are seeking a self-motivated scientist to apply artificial intelligence (AI) /machine learning (ML) to SMDD data sets. The scientist will partner with chemists and other members of the SMDD AI/ML team to propose and develop new solutions for complex problems. 
The Role 
You will collaborate with scientists across Discovery Chemistry and the broader SMDD organization to identify the highest impact scientific challenges. You will identify, evaluate, and propose new methods and algorithms to address those challenges. 
You will conduct ML research and implement cutting edge methods, focusing on exploring different representations of molecules beyond 2D graphs and their application to ML projects. 
You will write structured, tested, readable and maintainable code, and participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and distribute knowledge. You will collaborate with our SMDD AI/ML and software engineering teams to drive the application and development of best practices for application/algorithm development and data analysis. 
You will work towards generalizing the methods you develop so that they can be used by non-experts and support your teammates by encouraging learning and growth in their data science/ML capacities. 
You will actively engage with academic groups at the forefront of the field. 
You will publish high quality impactful scientific articles and present at conferences, business meetings and academic institutions. 
Qualifications: 
Ph.D. degree in Chemistry or B.S. in Chemistry and Ph.D. in Computer Science or Chemical Engineering with an emphasis on data machine learning/data science, or equivalent training. 
Proficiency in Python and strong experience with data analysis and visualization as well as statistical modeling. 
Demonstrated experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g., Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch) 
Preferred: cheminformatics-specific Python packages (RDKit, OEChem). 
Fluent with architecting analysis pipelines, including data modeling, indexing, and ETL. 
3+ years’ experience designing and training machine learning models on complex, sparse datasets 
Outstanding record of innovation and success in multiple projects over the course of their graduate, post-doctoral and industrial career as documented through a strong peer-reviewed scientific publication track record. 
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, and genuine interest in translating basic research insights into impactful therapeutics. 
Ability to take initiative, provide strategic input, problem solve, and communicate clearly in a cross-functional capacity. 
Proficiency in English, both written and verbal. 
Applicant should plan to submit a short Research Summary in addition to their CV Genentech 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Research Scientist salaries in South San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 960 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
