
 
 
 
 Scrum Master - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Scrum Master Capgemini Chicago, IL 60606 Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :1+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Azure Boards tool admin experience. Understand, setup and explain the following as they relate to elements of the tool. 
Organization and Project 
Areas and Portfolios 
Teams and Feature Teams 
ADO project types 
setup and configure dashboard 
Epic, Feature, Story, Task 
Configure and explain tool usage to users, both client and Cap. Prepare taxonomy diagrams that show how the Boards are setu. Create widgets and reports. Integrate with MS Teams. Provide best practices on use of ADO Azure Boards and Teams. 
Requirements : 
Able to perform the elements in JD abov 
Very good interpersonal communication skills and an excellent communicator (verbal and written) 
Must be able to interact with client directors and above 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 24 days ago original job Report job Product Owner jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL Product Owner salaries in Chicago, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
