
 
 
 
 Warehouse Associate - San Francisco, CA 94103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Warehouse Associate Lambda 17 reviews San Francisco, CA 94103 Remote Lambda 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Lambda's mission is to accelerate human progress with computation. Our Deep Learning workstations, servers, and cloud services power ML engineers at the forefront of AI research, fueling advancements in quantum computing, cancer detection, autonomous aircraft, drug discovery, self driving cars, and much more.
 
Lambda provides Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning infrastructure to organizations like Apple, Intel, Microsoft, Amazon Research, Tencent, Kaiser Permanente, MIT, Harvard, Stanford, Caltech and the Department of Defense.
 
Join us and work at a profitable startup where we're building powerful research computers and software for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence experts around the world.
 
About the Role
 
Lambda is looking for a Warehouse Associate in order to ensure our products are ready for shipment by packaging, labeling, and preparing products for transport.
 
What You'll Do
 
Pack, weigh, and label products for shipment or storage
 Receives package and follow the company's SOP
 Prepare and organize received stock for inventory
 Document all materials that are coming into the warehouse
 Follow all Lambda guidelines regarding packaging
 Assist in unloading shipments, accepting, and signing for deliveries from distributors.
 Maintain records of packaging processes, shipping, and deliveries.
 Ensure warehouse is clean and organized
 
About You
 
Our ideal candidate will bring a strong attention to detail and organizational skills to our shipping and packaging procedures. We are looking for someone who is hands on, and is eager to work with a small team.
 
Must Have
 
Ability to follow verbal and written instructions
 Strong communication skills and desire to work with other team members
 Attention to detail
 Organizational skills
 Basic shop skills, such as using hand tools
 This role requires regularly restocking and shelving physical hardware delivery items, thus requires the ability to regularly lift and move physical hardware and equipment up to 50 lbs.
 
Nice to Have
 
Experience in a manufacturing or related field a plus
 
About Lambda
 
We offer generous cash & equity compensation.
 Investors include Gradient Ventures, Google's AI-focused venture fund.
 We are experiencing extremely high demand for our systems, with quarter over quarter, year over year profitability.
 Our research papers have been accepted into top machine learning and graphics conferences, including NeurIPS, ICCV, SIGGRAPH, and TOG.
 We have a wildly talented team of 30, and growing fast.
 Our remote workforce, based on role, is across the U.S., with headquarters in San Francisco.
 Health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your dependents.
 Commuter/Work from home stipends.
 401k Plan.
 3 weeks Annual Paid Time Off.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer
 
Lambda Labs is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law. Lambda 24 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Warehouse Associate jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Lambda in San Francisco, CA Warehouse Associate salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lambda Lambda 17 reviews Lambda is the official English student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
