
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Scholar Research Associate - Quantum Machine Learning - Marina del Rey, CA 90292 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Postdoctoral Scholar Research Associate - Quantum Machine Learning USC Marina del Rey, CA 90292 USC’s  Information Sciences Institute (ISI) , a unit of the university’s Viterbi School of Engineering, is a world leader in the research and development of advanced artificial intelligence, information processing, computing, cybersecurity, and communications technologies. ISI’s 400 faculty, professional staff and graduate students carry out extraordinary information sciences research at three distinct locations - Marina Del Rey, CA; Arlington, VA; and Waltham, MA. 
*This position is located in Marina del Rey, CA.* 
ISI is seeking a Postdoctoral Scholar – Research Associate. This is a 1-year, fixed-term position, with possibility of a 2rd year extension. This Postdoctoral Scholar – Research Associate will be conducting research in the area of quantum machine learning. 
Job Duties will include: 
Designing, implementing and training different types of Boltzmann Machines 
Programming a D-Wave quantum annealer to train Temporal Restricted Boltzmann Machines (TRBM) 
Analyzing and testing the performance of the TRBM 
Requirements: 
Ph.D. in Physics or Computer Science 
Working experience in machine learning, in particular Boltzmann Machines 
Working knowledge of Python and Matlab 
Experience on quantum computing is not required, but some basic knowledge would be beneficial and preferred. 
The University of Southern California values diversity and is committed to equal opportunity in employment. 
Minimum Education: Ph.D. or equivalent doctorate within previous three years Minimum Experience: 0-1 year Minimum Field of Expertise: Directly related education in research specialization with advanced knowledge of equipment, procedures and analysis methods. USC 30+ days ago original job Report job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Marina del Rey, CA Jobs at USC in Marina del Rey, CA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Marina del Rey, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
