
 
 
 
 Senior Manager - Vendor Management & Pharmacy Benefits Management - Open to Remote - Northridge, CA 91325 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager - Vendor Management & Pharmacy Benefits Management - Open to Remote Medtronic 4,329 reviews Northridge, CA 91325 Remote Medtronic 4,329 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Careers that Change Lives 
 Position can be based onsite in San Antonio TX, Northridge CA or remote in the US. 
 The Medtronic Diabetes Business is one of the most exciting, dynamic and challenging spaces in the medical device industry. More than 463 million patients worldwide suffer from diabetes and this is expected to reach close to 600 million in 10 years. The diabetes device industry is unique in that technologies available to monitor and manage diabetes are starting to converge with consumer electronics technology. As such, the decision dynamics are evolving: patients have a stronger voice in therapy choice, care is transitioning away from specialists, and the role of artificial intelligence is elevating care. Medtronic Diabetes is transforming its business to adapt to this change and create meaningful differentiation to drive customer preference and revenue growth. 
 The  Sr. Manager – Vendor Management and Pharmacy Benefits Management  role will lead day to day operations and transformation initiatives across the Medtronic Diabetes Americas Region as related to 3rd party vendors and pharmacy based revenue cycle activities. The role will report to the Senior Director – Patient Financial Services.
 The role is highly dynamic, requiring strong management and leadership skills, and the ability to oversee and execute on multiple areas of work simultaneously. The role is expected to develop long-term strategic relationships with a wide array of stakeholders and leverage existing relationships within and across Medtronic. Success will depend on effectively influencing and negotiating across businesses and regions to drive alignment on objectives and clear paths to execution. 
  The problems this role will tackle are complex and undefined, requiring consideration of a wide range of commercial, financial, and strategic inputs and variables that impact multiple areas of the organization. The Senior Manager must have a strong ability to drive projects in a fast-paced matrix environment leveraging leadership and strong interpersonal skills. 
 We look for leaders who have a clear vision of where we are going and how to get there, bold inclusive thinkers who create new ideas and bring our best solutions forward to benefit our patients, business partners, and customers. 
 A Day in the Life 
 Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. 
   Vendor Management 
 Lead day to day operational management of 3rd Party Vendor partnerships 
 Continue development of 3rd Party Vendor partnership and integration opportunities 
 Lead FTE expansion/utilization projects for all targeted PFS job functions 
 Monitor vendor metrics, production and quality for all partnered roles and ensure alignment with contracted SLA’s 
 Identify and drive performance improvement initiatives 
 Partner with PFS leadership (US based leadership) to ensure alignment of 3rd Party teams with US based teams.
 Lead weekly/monthly status meetings and represent 3rd Party Vendor engagements during all internal MDT meetings 
 
 Pharmacy Benefits Management 
 Lead day to day operational management of Pharmacy Benefit Management Revenue Cycle Operations 
 Develop PBM departmental structure and workflow to meet designated KPI’s 
 Direct development of PBM reporting and analytics 
 Meet/Exceed established departmental goals for IV, Collections and Bad Debt 
 Act as SME for PBM related projects (RCM workstream including technologies, Insurance Verification and Collections) 
 
 Must Have: Minimum Requirements 
 Bachelor’s Degree with 7+ years of work experience in revenue cycle management (Or Advanced Degree with 5+ years) plus 5+ years of leadership experience
 
 Nice to Have 
 3+ years in healthcare 
 Deep understanding of US based healthcare revenue cycle 
 3rd Party Vendor Management Leadership experience 
 Pharmacy Benefits Leadership experience 
 Large team management experience (75+) 
 GE Centricity experience 
 Guardian RX experience 
 India Based 3rd Party Vendor experience 
 About Medtronic 
 
Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. 
 
We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. 
 
Physical Job Requirements 
 
The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. (ADA-United States of America) Medtronic 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vendor Manager jobs in Northridge, CA Jobs at Medtronic in Northridge, CA Vendor Manager salaries in Northridge, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medtronic Medtronic 4,329 reviews At Medtronic, we believe in the power of medical technology to improve lives. Seven decades ago, our co-founder invented the battery-powe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
