
 
 
 
 Sales Specialist, Amazon Connect WWPS - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Sales Specialist, Amazon Connect WWPS Amazon Web Services, Inc. Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 3+ years of contact center / telecom sales experience 
 Demonstrated experience meeting and exceeding quarterly and annual revenue targets 
 BA/BS degree or equivalent experience 
 
Would you like a career that gives you opportunities to help customers and partners use cloud computing to do big new things faster and at a lower cost? Do you have a background in US Public Sector organization contact centers, with a focus on Federal and Non-Profit customers, and a passion for driving innovation in the constituent experience? Do you have the consultative and leadership skills to help customers succeed with their cloud-based contact center efforts? Do you have a passion for driving innovation into existing Business and IT organizations?
 
Amazon Web Services is looking for Specialized Sellers to help establish Amazon Connect as the market leader for Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS) within the public sector. Amazon Connect was designed from the ground up to be omni-channel, it provides a seamless experience across voice, chat and other channels for your customers and agents leveraging AWS. Amazon Connect is an industry leading scalable, flexible, reliable CCaaS platform leveraging the latest AWS Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) tools to deliver world-class customer experiences. Our Specialized Sellers will work with Government and Educational organizations to transform their constituent engagement using Amazon Connect AWS’s broader suite of Collaboration tools.
 
The ideal candidate will have sales experience in areas such as Contact Center, CCaaS, telecommunications, CRM/ERP applications, and/or the integration of these complex solutions. As an Amazon Connect Sales Specialist in this fast growing, exciting space you will have the opportunity to help drive the growth and shape the future of our customer’s missions.
 
Your responsibilities will include building and managing a healthy sales pipeline focused on driving revenue, adoption, and market penetration. The ideal candidate will possess a proven track record and background that enables them to lead a sales effort that will include teaming with AWS Senior Enterprise Account Managers, Solutions Architects, Partners and engagements at the CxO level within AWS Enterprise accounts. The successful candidate will also possess a business background that enables them to drive an engagement and interact at the CxO/VP level, as well as a technical understanding that enables them to easily interact with developers and technical architects. You should also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling value propositions, and work cross-organizationally to build consensus.
 
Enjoy working with Public Sector customers? The role of a Specialized Seller requires someone who simultaneously acts as a market maker, operator, and general manager for their own customer accounts. With a focus on customer outcomes, they must work to win new customers, grow existing customers, secure lighthouse customers, drive revenue for new services, and develop strategic partnerships.
 
 Roles & Responsibilities: 
 
 Be a constituent experience and contact center trusted advisor for AWS’s customers 
 Drive revenue and increase market share in a defined geography through the adoption and usage of Amazon Connect and associated tools 
 Meet or exceed revenue targets 
 Develop and execute a territory plan to grow the Amazon Connect footprint 
 Manage numerous accounts concurrently & strategically 
 Create & articulate compelling value propositions around AWS’s suite of Collaboration services 
 Travel required 
 A technical background in engineering, computer science, or MIS a plus. 
 Public Sector Experience including State/Local Government or Education 
 Strong verbal and written communications skills. 
 Proven track record of success driving adoption of disruptive technologies within enterprise accounts. 
 Familiarity with Amazon Connect/Pinpoint/SES capabilities, benefits, and required deployment skills 
 Visible IT Industry thought leadership on relevant topics related to enterprise IT call centers and infrastructure. 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity 
 
This position can be remote, but must be based near an AWS office.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work. Amazon.com 29 days ago original job Report job Sales Specialist jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Irvine, CA Sales Specialist salaries in Irvine, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
