
 
 
 
 Principal Member of Technical Staff - Redwood City, CA 94065 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Principal Member of Technical Staff Oracle Redwood City, CA 94065 Brief Summary: 
Oracle Exadata is the best cloud platform and the most successful product in Oracle's history as the number one provider of database technology. You will be building state-of-the-art enterprise-grade software that has a huge impact on every aspect of human life. When you make a deposit in a bank, make a phone call, or buy a cup of coffee, you are using the software we build – 4 out of the top 5 banks, telecoms, retailers run Exadata. If you are interested in developing software that makes a difference in people’s life, this is the job for you.
 
 Team and Product Description: 
Exadata Database Machine provides a fully integrated and optimized engineered system for running Oracle databases, whether it’s on premises or in cloud, with the best performance, scalability and high availability for data warehousing, OLTP and consolidated workloads. Exadata Database Machine has the key differentiator of bringing data-awareness from the database tier into the storage tier via the full stack integration. This allows us to build unique disruptive technology, such as Smart Scan, Smart Flash Cache, Smart Flash Log and Hybrid Columnar Compression, in the Exadata Storage Server tier to enable the extreme performance of an Oracle Exadata Database Machine. Every cloud initiative within Oracle is backed by Exadata Database Machine.
 
You’ll work on building disruptive software technology with the latest storage hardware, such as persistent memory (PMEM) and NVMe flash. There is enormous change in performance characteristics and there is need to write new software to best take advantage of the new hardware.
 
You’ll also work on designing and creating a new highly available, scalable, and performant storage tier that can take on the workloads of not only the Oracle database, but also a distributed key-value store at cloud scale.
 
Oracle Exadata Database Machine has delivered impressive organic growth in acquiring new customers, and has thus been referred to as the “most successful product in Oracle’s history” by Oracle found Larry Ellison.
 
The team is responsible for developing state-of-the-art enterprise-grade software to improve the following areas of Exadata:
 
Performance
 
Reliability
 
Availability
 
Manageability
 
Serviceability
 
 Description of the Role: 
This position is located at Oracle HQ, Redwood Shores, CA. We are seeking a hands-on Software Development Engineer to design and build state of the art system software for Exadata Database Machine and Storage Server. The ideal candidate will have strong passion, deep knowledge and extensive experience in building system software for a large, parallel, scale-out computing and storage architecture and cloud environment.
 
 Candidates will be responsible for: 
Creating state of the art software to manage and optimize the leading-edge technology stack in Oracle Exadata Database Machine for the best performance, scalability and high availability
 
Building system software for various technology components, including Persistent Memory (PMEM), NVMe Flash and HDD
 
Developing software and infrastructure to manage Infiniband/RoCE HCA and switches, service processors and overall system performance, configurations and health
 
Providing appliance-like management interfaces to Exadata Database Machine users via web-service based middleware technology
 
Delivering stable and highly-available system performance via preventative and proactive handling of local component problems, such as device failures, firmware resets, etc
 
Staying ahead of the technology curve by working on the latest and greatest technology breakthrough in key computing areas, such as processor, networking, flash, disk storage, persistent memory, etc, for future generations of Exadata products
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Degree level (BS/MS/PhD):  BS/MS/PhD
 
 Major(s):  Computer Science or related fields
 
 Experience:  5 yrs or more
 
 Programming languages:  Strong programming skills in C/C++, Java, Python, and shell scripting on UNIX platforms
 
 Preferred Background:  Object-oriented Programming, Operating System, Computer System Architecture, Database, Artificial Intelligence
 
 Other qualifications: 
Ability to do research on cutting edge technologies
 
Effective Communication skills and problem-solving and debugging skills
 
Strong passion and interest in learning and working on new technology innovations
 
Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.
 
As a member of the software engineering division, you will take an active role in the definition and evolution of standard practices and procedures. You will be responsible for defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, designing and debugging of software applications or operating systems.
 
Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.
 
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. Oracle 30+ days ago original job Report job Principal jobs in Redwood City, CA Jobs at Oracle in Redwood City, CA Principal salaries in Redwood City, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
