
 
 
 
 Director, Finance - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Finance Nautilus Labs New York, NY About Nautilus. 
 
Nautilus is building artificial intelligence to advance the efficiency of ocean commerce. We deliver technology to help shipping companies minimize fuel consumption, maximize operational efficiency, and optimize fleet performance. By arming ship owners and operators with real-time predictive decision support, Nautilus is reducing greenhouse gas emissions and making global trade sustainable. 
 
Ocean shipping consumes over $100 billion dollars of fuel every year, and up to 30% of it can be saved. For owner-operators, reliance on manually collected and analyzed data makes it difficult to optimize fleet performance in real-time. By providing a unified data platform that leverages machine learning, Nautilus helps its clients make better decisions to maximize the return on each ship and every voyage. For our clients, this means they drive closer collaboration, greater transparency, and stronger accountability across their global teams every day. 
 
About you. 
 
You are motivated by the mission and collaborative by nature. As the leader of the finance team, you’ll partner cross-functionally with key internal stakeholders to drive results and operating efficiencies across the organization. You’ll develop, present and maintain our operating model and manage financial reporting. You’ll build and direct an annual budgeting and planning process. You see yourself as a collaborative business partner, using your expertise to enable the entire organization to achieve its goals rapidly, but responsibly. Reporting directly to the CEO, you will also partner closely with leadership to prepare materials for presentation to the Board of Directors at regular meetings. 
Most importantly, you recognize that, as a fast-growing early-stage startup, we need well-rounded team players who can easily navigate between the strategic and the tactical, and that excites you. 
 
Outcomes for the Role. 
 
 Lead weekly/monthly financial planning and reporting activities. 
 Oversee annual budgeting process and long-term strategic planning from a financial perspective. 
 Analyze current and past trends in KPIs including, revenue drivers, operating costs and capital expenditures. 
 Drive operational and financial process improvement practices, including working with leadership to establish key business metrics and create a robust reporting platform. 
 Develop financial models and dashboards to track, organize and report on initiatives and key projects. 
 Continuously improve budgeting, reporting, analysis framework - along with enhancing systems, tools, and processes. 
 Maintain the company’s financial model for presentation to internal stakeholders, the Board and investors. 
 Support basic functions of operations, including AP/AR. 
 
 Proficiencies . 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting, MBA preferred. 
 6 to 8 years of professional experience in financial planning, strategic advisory or operations analysis. 
 Experience working within one or more venture-backed or growth-stage, SaaS startup required. 
 Strong financial analysis skills, including being detail-oriented and proficient in building and using complicated data sources, financial modeling, and multi-year projections. 
 Demonstrated leadership skills with the ability to collaborate cross-functionally. 
 Track record of success in delivering high-quality work in a proactive manner, always thinking one step ahead. 
 Recognizes the importance of scaling operational excellence with a strong, fun-loving team culture - able to balance humor with humility! 
 
 Our core values. 
 
 Get ready to join a group of diverse, smart, talented, and driven individuals. We are looking for people who are motivated by environmentalism and a future where shipping is sustainable and safe. A team member joining Nautilus is... 
 
 We’re THOUGHTFUL, with a bias towards action. 
 We’re an INCLUSIVE crew, and we are not passengers along for the ride. 
 We’re DIRECT and we ask the tough questions. 
 We EMPATHIZE with humanity. 
 Location: We are currently 100% remote and this role will be required to report to the New York office once it reopens. No relocation assistance is available. 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Nautilus Labs 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Finance jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Nautilus Labs in New York, NY Director of Finance salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nautilus Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
