
 
 
 
 CareComm Intake RN - Part Time Weekends - Tampa, FL 33606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications CareComm Intake RN - Part Time Weekends Tampa General Hospital Tampa, FL 33606 Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description CareComm Intake RN - Part Time Weekends   -   ( 210001DA ) 
 
Description 
 
 Facility Profile 
 TGH is the area’s only level I trauma center and one of just two ABA-verified adult & pediatric burn centers in Florida. With five medical helicopters*, we transport critically injured or ill patients from 23 surrounding counties to receive the advanced care they need. The hospital is home to one of the busiest solid organ transplant centers in the country. TGH is a nationally designated comprehensive stroke center, and has a 32-bed Neuroscience Intensive Care Unit. Other outstanding centers include cardiovascular, orthopedics, high-risk and normal obstetrics, urology, ENT, endocrinology, and the Children’s Medical Center, which features a nine-bed pediatric intensive care unit and pediatric kidney transplant services. As the region’s leading safety net hospital, Tampa General is committed to providing area residents with world-class and compassionate health care ranging from the simplest to the most complex medical services. 
 
Tampa General Hospital was named the #1 hospital in Tampa Bay by U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021, and recognized as one of America's Best Hospital's in five medical specialties: Cardiology & Heart Surgery, Diabetes & Endocrinology, Gastroenterology & GI Surgery, Nephrology, and Orthopedics. Tampa General Hospital has been designated a Magnet Hospital by the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC), the highest recognition for nursing excellence, for the fourth consecutive time – an accomplishment that fewer than one percent of hospitals nationwide have earned. TGH is accredited by The Joint Commission and was awarded disease-specific certification in five medical specialties. TGH is also accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). *Air transport provided by Metro Aviation, Inc. 
 Department Overview 
 CareComm is a high-tech “mission control” clinical command center which uses artificial intelligence and predictive analytics to improve and better coordinate patient care at a lower cost. It has been developed in partnership with GE Healthcare, and features 20 artificial intelligence apps, video walls with 38 large screens, 32 work stations, multiple computer systems, and a multi-disciplinary clinical team that includes doctors, nurses, and allied health professionals. CareComm staff use these resources to predict the needs of patients and team members before they arise. With CareComm, Tampa General can anticipate potential roadblocks and issues in the care process, ensuring that rooms, equipment and medical professionals will be available for patients as soon as they’re needed. 
 
 Job Summary 
 
 Under the direction of the CareComm Operation Manager, the CareComm Intake RN will be responsible for evaluating the appropriateness for admission/transfer to Tampa General Hospital based on medical presentation. The CareComm Intake RN will be responsible for gathering clinical data, triaging phone calls, connecting the appropriate specialty service. After acceptance, the CareComm Intake RN will be responsible for acting as a patient advocate in facilitating admission expeditiously. As the region’s only Level I Trauma/Burn Center and one of the few with a Level III NICU, the CareComm Intake RN must be able to appropriately triage and facilitate critically ill patient transfers. 
 
Qualifications 
 
Required Skills 
 
 Graduate of accredited School of Nursing; licensure to practice as a Registered Nurse by the State of Florida. Two (2) years' nursing practice. Critical Care, Case Management or Call Center experience preferred. 
 
 Primary Location :  Tampa 
Work Locations :  TGH Main Campus 1 Tampa General Circle Tampa 33606 
Job :  Nursing (LPNs, RNs) 
Organization :  TGH - Hospital 
Schedule :  Part-time 
Scheduled Days :  Sunday, Saturday 
Shift :  Variable 
Shift Hours :  Weekends 
Job Posting :  May 25, 2021, 3:07:30 PM Tampa General Hospital 28 days ago original job Report job Registered Nurse jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at Tampa General Hospital in Tampa, FL Registered Nurse salaries in Tampa, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
