
 
 
 
 Senior Scientist - Applied Math Physics - Fridley, MN 55432 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Scientist - Applied Math Physics Medtronic 4,329 reviews Fridley, MN 55432 Medtronic 4,329 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Careers That Change Lives 
Engineers and Scientists at Medtronic create our market-leading portfolio of innovations. Medtronic’s corporate research group within the Corporate Strategic Scientific Operations division provides scientific and technical support and consultation services across the global Medtronic Enterprise. 
 
We have a great opportunity available for a Senior Scientist with a passion for Applied Math and Physics. This position will work on challenging multi-physics problems and advancing modeling and simulation applications for medical devices. 
The roles work under limited supervision as part of a diverse team of experts spanning a variety of scientific and engineering disciplines. 
 A Day in the Life: 
 Work collaboratively with Medtronic Business Units to solve technical problems Apply advanced technical principles, theories, and concepts and develop innovative solutions using computational models Implement solid mechanics and tissue mechanics fundamentals to drive research and development Utilize CAE tools to help design and develop new test methods, equipment, materials and processes Use FEA to assist in the design and evaluation of new and existing medical devices Carry out timely troubleshooting by engaging peers, software technical support, and prior experience Perform model verification and validation assessments as appropriate Support senior technical staff within the Core Technologies group Share experience and knowledge with Medtronic Business units Provide regular status updates to internal customers and management Communicate technical assessments and analyses via written technical documents and oral presentations 
 
 Must Have: Minimum Requirements 
 Bachelors degree required 
 Minimum of 4 years of relevant experience, or advanced degree with a minimum of 2 years relevant experience 
 Nice to Have: 
 PhD -or- MS with 3+ years of experience -or- BS with 5+ years of experience. Degree should be in Physics, Applied Mathematics, Mechanical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related areas. Strong background in mechanics of solids, mechanics of fluids, and electromagnetics Firm understanding of mathematics and linear algebra used in computational modeling Understanding of clinical tomographic imaging modalities such as CT and MRI Strong scripting and programing skills Experience in physics-based modeling Strong interest in human anatomy and physiology Flexibility in working hours to accommodate collaboration across geographies Experience with simulation using finite element methods Experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning networks Application of techniques such as: Reinforcement Learning, Transferred Learning, Computer Vision, Image Segmentation, and PCA Experience in working across Windows and Linux operating systems 
 
 About Medtronic 
Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. 
 
We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. 
 
Physical Job Requirements 
 
The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. (ADA-United States of America) Medtronic 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Fridley, MN Jobs at Medtronic in Fridley, MN Senior Scientist salaries in Fridley, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medtronic Medtronic 4,329 reviews At Medtronic, we believe in the power of medical technology to improve lives. Seven decades ago, our co-founder invented the battery-powe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
