
 
 
 
 Associate, Business Operations, Digital and AI - Indianapolis, IN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate, Business Operations, Digital and AI Genesys 294 reviews Indianapolis, IN Temporarily remote Genesys 294 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Genesys is looking for an Associate, Business Operations for Digital & AI Business Unit to help deliver on the strategic vision of one of the largest private B2B software companies in the world. This is an opportunity to join a newly formed Business Unit, that is central to the Genesys growth strategy, and have a direct impact on maintaining Genesys’ position as the world's #1 Customer Experience Platform. 
 
 Building on our leadership in Contact Center as a Service, and omnichannel cloud CX - the next frontier is Digital Customer Engagement. A few months ago, we announced our new Genesys Digital and AI business unit to enable companies to address the latest technology trends and consumers’ ever-changing needs in the digital landscape, accelerating our ability to deliver digital-based innovations driven by artificial intelligence (AI) 
 
  The best candidate will have experience managing strategic initiatives in a fast-growing and agile business, will be familiar with Software-as-a-Service business models, and will have experience successfully managing operations of a business unit. We are looking for someone who will be able to work effectively across several functions and with colleagues at every level of the business up to and including C-level executives. 
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 Identify, measure, and maintain Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of the business (operational and financial measures of success) 
 Has strong financial analysis skills and presentation/powerpoint skills 
 Drive alignment of cross-functional teams to help solve some of Genesys’ most pressing challenges 
 Organize and lead “rhythm of the business” including regular business reviews 
 Represent Digital & AI Business Operations as a subject matter expert for corporate initiatives 
 Proactively identify opportunities for improvement and conduct analysis of best-in-class business operating models 
 Prepare executive-level materials for executive leadership reviews and board level meetings 
 
 Required Skills & Experience: 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration or related field. MBA preferred. 
 Minimum 1-3 years working experience in related field and/or role. 
 Experience working in Software as a Service industry and/or Management Consulting preferred 
 Advanced financial, and business acumen 
 Ability to work independently in a dynamic and uncertain environment. 
 Outstanding presentation skills. 
 Ability to understand and develop financial analyses to shape and support decisions. 
 Strong attention to details, with ability to drill down into very tactical considerations to ensure accuracy in deliverables. 
 Ambition to become an influential team player within a growing organization. 
 Benefits 
 Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance 
 Telehealth coverage 
 Flexible work schedules and work from home opportunities 
 Development and career growth opportunities 
 Open Time Off 
 401(k) matching program 
 Adoption Assistance 
 Infertility treatments 
 
 See more Genesys benefits information at https://mygenesysbenefits.com/ 
 Covid-19: 
 Safety for our employees and our communities is a key priority for Genesys. We continue to experience rapid growth during the Covid-19 pandemic and are conducting remote hiring and onboarding processes. All hiring and onboarding processes are being conducted remotely at this time. We utilize Zoom video meetings and phone calls during the interview process. We will be working remotely through at least September 30, 2021, in most locations, and we are re-evaluating the opening date of all the Genesys offices on an ongoing basis. 
 
 About Genesys: 
 Every year, Genesys® delivers more than 70 billion remarkable customer experiences for organizations in over 100 countries. Through the power of the cloud and AI, our technology connects every customer moment across marketing, sales and service on any channel, while also improving employee experiences. Genesys pioneered Experience as a Service℠ so organizations of any size can provide true personalization at scale, interact with empathy, and foster customer trust and loyalty. This is enabled by Genesys Cloud™, an all-in-one solution and the world's leading public cloud contact center platform, designed for rapid innovation, scalability and flexibility. Visit www.genesys.com. 
 Genesys is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, domestic partner status, national GENESYS 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Associate jobs in Indianapolis, IN Jobs at Genesys in Indianapolis, IN Operations Associate salaries in Indianapolis, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genesys Genesys 294 reviews Genesys® powers 25 billion of the world’s best customer experiences each year. Our success comes from connecting employee and customer co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
