
 
 
 
 Principal Data Scientist - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Data Scientist Microsoft 7,140 reviews United States Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do you want to shape the future of quantitative finance through innovative AI (Artificial Intelligence) solutions? We are looking for data scientists who want to apply deep learning techniques to solve real-world problems in quantitative finance. 
We are a fast-paced team within Azure Global focused on building Industry specific AI products. We are looking for an experienced data scientist with excellent problem-solving skills, and a passion to apply AI techniques to problems in the financial domain. 
As part of the role, you will work with a global diverse team of data scientists and engineers that apply machine learning and deep learning techniques (ranging from recommendation systems, natural language processing, reinforcement learning and more) for customers in the financial domain. You will be involved in incubating solutions and products for infusing AI in finance, from design to production. 
To be successful, you will need strong software skills, technical aptitude, communication skills and a collaborative work style. Preferably, you have domain expertise in the finance domain, especially with quantitative approaches in capital markets. This is an excellent opportunity to challenge yourself, continuously grow new knowledge, and skills. 
Responsibilities 
In this role, you will collaborate with experts in deep learning, machine learning, and distributed systems. You will get to work on predictive modeling, text and image mining & processing, recommendations, clustering, forecasting methods, and other advanced statistical techniques. You will help develop deep learning-based models and tools for quantitative finance applications such as risk assessment, order execution, portfolio optimization, market forecasting, signal extraction etc. 
You will work on all aspects of the design, development and delivery of machine learning and deep learning solutions, including problem definition, data acquisition, exploration, training, testing, and evaluating deep learning models, and creating end-to-end pipelines and solutions in production. 
Qualifications 
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
PhD/MS in CS/EE/Applied Mathematics/Statistics/DS/ML or related fields with knowledge in information retrieval, NLP, Machine Learning and Data Mining 
5+ years of experience in software development 
3+ years of experience working with machine learning libraries to and real word data science problems 
1+ years of working in the financial domain, preferably in quantitative finance 
Proficiency in one statically typed language (C#, Java, C, C++) 
Proficiency in one scripting language (Python, NodeJS, Ruby, Perl) 
Familiarity with a version control system 
Excited to work on a diverse team 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills 
Outstanding communication and collaboration skills 
Strong research, theory, and algorithm background with the ability to apply advanced knowledge on real world challenges 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Experience in computational/quantitative finance, capital markets, risk assessment, investment portfolios etc. 
Experience using libraries such as quantlib 
Experience working with deploying of machine learning models 
Experience with deep learning libraries 
Experience working with real-world noisy data 
Demonstratable experience with software engineering principles, parallel and distributed computing, statistics, machine learning, cloud technologies like Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, IaaS, PaaS and SaaS 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Principal Scientist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
