
 
 
 
 Technical Delivery Director, Manufacturing - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Delivery Director, Manufacturing Microsoft 7,140 reviews United States Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description It is an exciting time in the manufacturing industry. Our industry is undergoing breakthrough transformation that is not simply about technology, but also about companies re-envisioning existing business models and embracing a different way of bringing together people, data, and processes to create new value for their suppliers, partners, and customers. 
 The Technical Delivery Director, part of the Enterprise Commercial CTO office, will be the solution owner and primary customer point of contact for the multi-cloud, multi-service Manufacturing solutions offered by Microsoft. They will collaborate deeply with the Manufacturing Industry team to shape industry strategies and empower digital transformation, and just as deeply with engineering product groups to stay closely involved in relevant product and service technical strategy and prioritization. This role will alsowork closely with industry marketing on go-to-market motions. 
 The Technical Delivery Director will lead the development of the multi-cloud roadmap for Manufacturing as well as key ecosystem technical delivery, which is core to the industry’s strategy to best serve customers. This role requires deep understanding of either the discrete or process manufacturing industries, technical confidence and experience owning engineering roadmaps and detailed customer requirements. This position will be the first point of contact for our most strategic customers, field teams, and marketing for multi-cloud Manufacturing solutions. This role will also be accountable for shared OKRs between Solution Areas, Industry, and engineering teams. 
This individual will be a strong virtual team leader, able to cultivate relationships with senior management and manage across functional teams. Critical skills include the ability to identify new market opportunities, models, and solution gaps; amplify customer voice into decision-making, articulate business value and outcomes; and build strategies around market requirements, as well as the proven ability to translate all of that to influence engineering roadmap commitments. 
Deep understanding and expertise in digital transformation opportunities across in Manufacturing is required, supported by thought leadership in advanced technologies like the Internet of Things (IoT), predictive analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, cognitive services, mixed reality, and other solutions and capabilities with a particular focus on transformation and the disruption in the industry. 
Responsibilities 
Build and lead the development of a cross-cloud roadmap to deliver on the most critical workloads for our customers, across Azure, D365 and M365. 
Work with engineering and marketing to ensure the roadmap is being delivered according to defined timelines. Primary owner of shared OKRs. 
Be the first point of contact for our most strategic customers, field teams, and marketing for multi-cloud Manufacturing solutions 
Partner closely with internal team to identify properly scoped worked with highest impact outcomes for multi-cloud RCG solutions. 
Co-develop assets for technical field sellers that deliver the most impactful customer cross-solution use cases. 
Drive technical delivery of multi-cloud roadmap of IP with key global ISVs.
 Work closely with industry Regional Business Leaders (RBL) to understand the requirements in the field, to ensure the roadmap is highly responsive to deliver on real customer needs and engagement models.
 Participate in a cross-team governance process that represents the needs of Industry solutions, customers and the field, effectively liaising with engineering and other corporate functions to problem-solve and develop innovative new strategies and programs.
 Engage with customers and ecosystem partners to validate roadmap and thinking.
 Work with both internal and external implementation partners as a primary point of contact for the multi-cloud Manufacturing solutions to support complete customer success in deployment and business impact.
 Travel to customer sites, conferences, and other related events up to 20% of the time. 
Qualifications 
Experiences Preferred: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: 
10+ years industry domain experience working in business/sales/leadership roles within the Manufacturing or Supply Chain industry. 
10+ years engineering or product/solution management. 
Solid technical expertise relevant to the industry solution areas.
 Experienced in managing virtual teams without authority. 
Industry specialized sales, services, or consulting expertise. 
MBA or similar structured strategic systems thinking experience a bonus. 
For this role , the ideal candidate will have the flexibility to work from any location of your choice within the United States. You will be part of a team located in Redmond. 
#ECCTO 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Manufacturing jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Director of Manufacturing salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
