
 
 
 
 Learning and New Skilling Consultant - Minneapolis, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Learning and New Skilling Consultant Accenture 20,670 reviews Minneapolis, MN Accenture 20,670 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Talent and Organization / Human Potential, and we help clients co-create the workforce of the future. How We make decisions based on insights. We give people the tools and roadmaps to do their best work. We create digital experiences employees love. And we teach companies how to grow great, forward-thinking leaders. Our approach and our people put us at the front of the pack for talent, HR and organizational consulting. We help clients with new skilling, talent strategy, leadership development, employee experience, change management and beyond. Visit us here to find out more about Talent and Organization/Human Potential 
 
 You are: 
An expert workplace educator who can also apply those skills to your own team. You know all the different ways that people learn. And you can pick and choose from the latest techniques and tools to help companies help their employees do their best. You’re more than just a learning specialist though. You’re also able to help clients choose the best way to approach learning on the job so they can transform their companies into digital powerhouses. And you’ve done this enough that you’re able to share your experience and know-how with the people you lead. 
 
The work: 
 Help teams design and craft ways for employees to learn and to roll out the continuous learning people need to perform effectively as organizations pivot at speed and scale 
 Work with clients and use data to spot the changing skills workers will need, skills adjacencies, and craft learning and career path plans based on objectives 
 Assist management to design digital learning models that include using Artificial Intelligence for skills development and content curation 
 Apply learning strategies and a digital learning background to equip talent with skills by creating on-demand, continuous and personalized digital learning experiences 
- Help design, deliver and measure learning strategies that support people working together - with machines, in a virtual work environment, or in safe workspaces of the future 
 
 Find ways to include micro-learning and machine learning in strategies companies can use to find new employees and teach them new skills 
 Use new learning techniques and tools like gamification and mobile delivery to help companies educate their people and develop new skills as part of digital transformation 
 Use a blended learning methodology to roll out continuous digital learning that supports new, agile ways of working and just-in-time training 
 Help Accenture with business development including proposals and client relationships 
 Build our T&O / Human Potential practice by helping with market research, Points-of-View, capability development, thought capital, and knowledge management 
 Be ready to travel as needed 
 
 Here’s what you need: 
 At least 2 years of Learning & Talent Development experience 
 A Bachelor’s Degree 
 
Bonus points if: 
 At least 1 year working as a consulting practitioner 
 You’ve got at least 2 years’ experience working as a consultant on Learning Strategy & Design 
 You’ve got at least 2 years’ experience in 3 or more of the following areas: 
 Learning strategy 
 Learning organizational design 
 Innovative learning solutions 
 Learning process design 
 Learning curriculum design 
 Learning delivery strategy 
 Learning metrics & analytics 
 Learning IT landscape 
 Learning assessment 
 Design thinking or human-centered design 
 You know all about program design, development and administration of HR processes 
 You know agile project management fundamentals or are familiar with product management 
 You are familiar with AI-based talent management, skills and learning platforms, Future Workforce Design and Analytics tools, Learning Management Systems or e-learning development tools 
 
Travel: 
For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. 
 
Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 30 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Learning and Development Consultant jobs in Minneapolis, MN Jobs at Accenture in Minneapolis, MN Learning and Development Consultant salaries in Minneapolis, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,670 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
