
 
 
 
 Digital Health Fellow at the Telemedicine & Advanced Technology Research Center - Fort Detrick, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Health Fellow at the Telemedicine & Advanced Technology Research Center U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) 75 reviews Fort Detrick, MD U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) 75 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Organization 
 U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)
 Reference Code 
 MRDC-TATRC-2020-0001R
 How to Apply 
 Components of the online application are as follows: 
 Profile Information 
 Educational and Employment History 
 Essay Questions (goals, experiences, and skills relevant to the opportunity) 
 Resume (PDF) 
 Transcripts/Academic Records - 
 Recommendation 
 
 Submitted documents must have all social security numbers, student identification numbers, and/or dates of birth removed (blanked out, blackened out, made illegible, etc.) prior to uploading into the application system. 
 If you have questions, send an email to Army-MRMC@orise.orau.gov. Please list the reference code of this opportunity in the subject line of the email. 
 All documents must be in English or include an official English translation. 
 Description 
 The Telemedicine and Advanced Technology Research Center (TATRC) is a provisional command of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Development Command (USAMRDC) located at Ft. Detrick, Maryland. TATRC’s mission is to forge the future by fusing data, humans, and machines into solutions that optimize warfighter performance and casualty care. With an infinite research spectrum from early-stage innovative research and development to the study of how technology impacts human performance through human-machine teaming, TATRC has a variety of expertise. TATRC conducts and supports research through its six key laboratories and programs which include: Computational Biology, Digital Health, Medical Modeling &amp; Simulation, Data Science, and Medical Robotics and Automation but also actively collaborate with commercial entities and academic institutions to address the requirements of our medical research programs through special funding and partnership opportunities. 
 As an ORISE participant at TATRC, you will be given an opportunity to explore your scholarly interest and gain a unique hands-on experience in a federal laboratory. Under the guidance of a mentor, you will have an opportunity to collaborate with a multi-disciplinary research team and engage with military and civilian researchers, clinicians, and other program staff. Your mentor will provide you with the knowledge and understanding to join and lead fast-moving project teams working on nationally-important projects advancing telemedicine, autonomous systems, data science, and simulation for COVID response and support of advancing medical support for multi-domain military operations. 
 During your appointment, you will take part in progress review teams, conduct testing and analysis of scientific results, and identify research worthy of publication. This experience at TATRC will not only prepare you for the workforce but will also focus on supporting your career development as you collaborate with TATRC staff and partners in documenting and publishing research results in peer-reviewed journals. You will also have an opportunity to showcase your knowledge and skill by contributing to research project development while learning about the Army Medical Research and Development Command’s other research portfolios and processes and gain important project and program management skills. 
 Please visit our website, https://mrdc.amedd.army.mil/ for more information about MRDC and for additional information on the The U.S. Army Medical Research & Materiel Command's Telemedicine and Advanced Technology Research Center, visit https://mrdc.amedd.army.mil/index.cfm/media/articles/2012/technology_transfer_program_may_server_as_DoD_model 
 Appointment Length 
 This appointment is a twelve month research appointment, with the possibility to be renewed for additional research periods. Appointments may be extended depending on funding availability, project assignment, program rules, and availability of the participant. 
 Participant Benefits 
 Participants will receive a stipend to be determined by MRDC-TATRC. Stipends are typically based on the participant’s academic standing, discipline, experience, and research facility location. Other benefits may include the following: 
 Health Insurance Supplement. Participants are eligible to purchase health insurance through ORISE. 
 Relocation Allowance 
 Training and Travel Allowance 
 Nature of Appointment 
 The participant will not enter into an employee/employer relationship with ORISE, ORAU, DOD, or any other office or agency. Instead, the participant will be affiliated with ORISE for the administration of the appointment through the ORISE appointment letter and Terms of Appointment. 
 Additional Information 
 While participants will not enter into an employment relationship with DOD or any other agency, this opportunity will require a suitability investigation/background investigation. Any offer made is considered tentative pending favorable outcome of the investigation. 
 Qualifications 
 An ideal candidate would have earned a Graduate or professional degree, Masters and/or PhD, in computer science, engineering, mathematics, life health or medical sciences; or a closely-related field of study from an accredited university or college within the last 60 months. Demonstrate background or experience in one or more of the following domains: Digital Health, Data Science, Cloud Computing, Medical Modeling & Simulation, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence, Machine Vision, Biomedical Engineering, Health IT, Mobile/Telemedicine Health, Robotics and Automation, Exhibit strong writing and collaboration skills and a willingness to work autonomously. 
 MRDC employees, their spouses, and children are not eligible to participate in this program. 
 Eligibility Requirements 
 Citizenship:  LPR or U.S. Citizen 
 Degree:  Master's Degree or Doctoral Degree received within the last 60 month(s).
 Overall GPA:  3.00
 Discipline(s):
 Communications and Graphics Design 
 Computer, Information, and Data Sciences 
 Earth and Geosciences 
 Engineering 
 Environmental and Marine Sciences 
 Life Health and Medical Sciences 
 Mathematics and Statistics 
 Nanotechnology 
 Other Physical Sciences 
 Physics 
 Social and Behavioral Sciences 
 Age:  Must be 18 years of age Oak Ridge Associated Universities 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fellow jobs in Fort Detrick, MD Jobs at U.S. Department of Defense in Fort Detrick, MD Fellow salaries in Fort Detrick, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) 75 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
