
 
 
 
 Principal Researcher - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Researcher Microsoft 7,140 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft significantly expanded its efforts in the intelligent cloud, and Microsoft AI Cognitive Services is at the forefront! The Cognitive Services Research team is looking for an extremely talented and highly motivated researcher to work on cutting edge research in artificial intelligence (AI) focusing one of the following areas: Automatic Speech Recognition, Computer vision, Knowledge and Natural Language Processing, and deep learning.  The successful candidate will have a demonstrated track record of broadly recognized research publications at leading conferences. In the case of industry candidates, you will also have demonstrated the ability to take research results and transfer them into commercial products. 
 We are looking for you if you: 
Have a solid background in speech, computer vision, natural language processing, or machine learning 
Are passionate about incubating new ideas, solving problems, and building working systems. 
Are self-motivated, proven collaborators, good communicators, attentive to details, and keen to learn. 
Have practical experience working in an academic or industrial research environment. 
Responsibilities 
The mission of our group is to make fundamental contributions to advancing the state-of-the-art in speech, computer vision, and language technology both within Microsoft and in the external research community. As a researcher, you will: 
Collaborate with world-class researchers and engineers to develop cutting-edge algorithms to create innovative applications and solutions, solving real-world challenges. 
Conduct influential research published in top-tier venues such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ICASSP, Interspeech, ASRU, SLT, ACL, EMNLP, NAACL, ICLR, NIPS, SIGDIAL. 
Experiment with methods to improve and fine-tune state-of-the-art deep learning models 
Develop prototype software based on research ideas to stimulate new thinking, and to aid the transition of research into products. Contribute with research ideas, as it complements existing research concepts and algorithms. 
Collaborate with our development team, often serving as a bridge between the research team and the product group. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
Ph. D. in Computer Science (or related discipline) or Masters and 2+ years relevant experience 
6+ years of research or engineering experience in speech, computer vision, natural language processing, machine learning, optimization, or other subfields of artificial intelligence. 
2+ years of hands-on experience in deep Learning using frameworks such as PyTorch, or TensorFlow. 
#AIPLATFORM# 
#AIPLATREF# 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years after. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Principal salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
