
 
 
 
 Portfolio Manager - Artificial Intelligence - Jacksonville, FL 32204 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Portfolio Manager - Artificial Intelligence FIS Global Jacksonville, FL 32204 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Type :
 Full time 
Type Of Hire :
 Experienced (relevant combo of work and education) 
Education Desired :
 Bachelor of Computer Engineering 
Travel Percentage :
 15 - 25% 
Job Description 
Are you curious, motivated, and forward-thinking? At FIS you’ll have the opportunity to work on some of the most challenging and relevant issues in financial services and technology. Our talented people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, passionate and above all fun. 
About the team 
The Artificial Intelligence team is driving a transformational journey across Banking Solution, Wealth Management and Merchants Solutions divisions. We have a clear focus on enhancing operational efficiency and improving customer satisfaction through intelligent automation, Machine Learning, Micro and Macro Automation, self-service transformation, and accelerating digitization efforts.
 
 
We use the right tools to solve high impact problems, building intelligent solutions through hybrid AI/ML and traditional RPA frameworks. We are seeking an experienced Program Manager to lead, manage, consult, and drive AI initiatives that deliver maximum impact today and prepare us for the future. 
What you will be doing 
You will manage the planning, definition, communication, executive reporting, execution and coordination of all aspects of internal information system-specific projects from initiation, discovery and to delivery and be assigned to one of the 4 sub-teams within the AI team with approved portfolio of projects to be delivered. 
Projects often involve network, server, or software implementation and upgrades, cloud deployment and the like. 
Coordinates work performed by IT staff and internal customers/partners by defining project requirements, performing feasibility and needs/impact assessments. 
Projects may vary in number, size and complexity.Projects often involve network, server, or software implementation and upgrades, cloud deployment and the like. Coordinates work performed by IT staff and internal customers/partners by defining project requirements, performing feasibility and needs/impact assessments. 
What you bring: 
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, management information systems or business administration or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. PMP (Project Management Professional) certification may be required. 
Requires 10+ years of experience in a leadership role preferably in AI. 
Extensive knowledge of project management standards, processes, procedures and guidelines 
Knowledge of budgeting process, capital appropriation request process, financial reporting, and tracking. 
Demonstrated skill in managing project budgets and timelines 
Skill in the use of negotiation techniques to reach agreement when there are widely-differing viewpoints 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. C-Suite level reporting. 
Ability to maintain confidentiality and carry out assignments that are sensitive in nature 
Added bonus if you have: 
Experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Automation 
Experience with Planview, Rally, Clarity 
Experienced in Agile Principles and Agile Portfolio Management 
What we offer you 
A multifaceted job with a high degree of responsibility and a broad spectrum of opportunities 
A modern, international work environment and a dedicated and motivated team 
A variety of career development tools, resources and opportunities 
The chance to work on some of the most challenging, relevant issues in financial services & technology 
Time to support charities and give back in your community 
A work environment built on collaboration, flexibility and respect 
. 
Privacy Statement 
FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the Online Privacy Notice. 
EEOC Statement 
FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here supplement document available here 
For positions located in the US, the following conditions apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test. ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis. 
Sourcing Model 
Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company. 
#pridepass FIS Global 27 days ago original job Report job Portfolio Manager jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at FIS Global in Jacksonville, FL Portfolio Manager salaries in Jacksonville, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
