
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor, Computer Science - Greensboro, NC 27401 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor, Computer Science NC A&T State University 262 reviews Greensboro, NC 27401 NC A&T State University 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description The Department of Computer Science (CS) in the College of Engineering at North Carolina A&T State University invites applications for a tenure-track faculty position at the rank of assistant professor. The starting date for the position is August 2021. The person hired into this position should be able to effectively teach CS undergraduate and graduate courses, and lead an independent research program that ideally specializes in Artificial Intelligence. Since the CS department also has strengths in cybersecurity and other areas, research expertise in other areas in computer science will also be considered. The successful candidate is also expected to contribute to one or more of the cross-departmental research strengths of the College of Engineering, which are Cybersecurity & Resilience; Energy & Sustainability; Autonomous Systems; Healthcare Applications; and Complex Systems & Networks. The successful candidate will strongly contribute to the educational and research goals of the department; have a solid publication record, will be demonstrably prepared to establish an independent and extramurally funded research program, and most of all, care about students and their development into future CS leaders. Primary responsibilities of the position include: * Advancing teaching, learning, and curiosity in computer science through engaged teaching. * Building, supporting, and sustaining a successful independent research program in computer science. This includes (but is not limited to) obtaining extramural research funding to support the research and students; as well as the steady dissemination of quality research results via scholar products. * Conducting him/herself with a collaborative spirit and engaging in service activities for the benefit of the department, college, university, and relevant technical community.
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Doctoral degree in Computer Science and record of scholarly activity commensurate with appointment as an assistant professor.
 Position Number:
 003783
 Posting Date:
 12/18/2020
 Closing Date:
 American Recovery & Reinvestment Act Funded:
 No University of North Carolina 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Greensboro, NC Jobs at NC A&T State University in Greensboro, NC Assistant Professor salaries in Greensboro, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from NC A&T State University NC A&T State University 262 reviews North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University (also known as North Carolina A&T State University, North Carolina A&T, N.C. A... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
