
 
 
 
 Sensor Algorithm Engineer, Devices & Services - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sensor Algorithm Engineer, Devices & Services Google 3,890 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,890 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience 
 5 years of relevant work experience in software development 
 Experience architecting and developing distributed systems. Experience in concurrency, multithreading, and synchronization 
 Coding experience in C/C++, Java, Python, or Go 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's and/or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Aerospace Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related field 
 Experience completing projects in a resource-constrained environment, for consumer electronics, embedded devices, or some equivalent 
 Practical experience with physical sensors (i.e., piezoelectric, acoustic, visual, accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer, barometer) and wireless sensing (i.e., UWB, Wifi, RTT), including error sources and modeling 
 Expertise in designing and implementing estimation algorithms and systems, including one or more of the following application areas: locationing/navigation, contextual recognition, health 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
 The Sensors Algorithms team builds high performance sensor fusion algorithms for motion sensors and human machine interfaces enabling product teams across Google to best leverage these sensors for their applications. Our mission is to provide algorithms which differentiate Google hardware products, especially Pixel and Android.
 Our team works on solutions that push the boundary of achievable performance from commercial off-the-shelf sensors, enabling entirely new use-cases and end applications. Your solutions will be key to differentiating future Google hardware products. 
Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our Devices & Services team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences for users. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make our user's interaction with computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. Whether finding new ways to capture and sense the world around us, advancing form factors, or improving interaction methods, the Devices & Services team is making people's lives better through technology. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop sensor fusion and machine learning algorithms that leverage Google hardware to create differentiating products. 
 Define system requirements and design system architecture for entirely new multi-device use-cases, aligning across hardware design engineers, product managers, UX, and other algorithm engineers. 
 Implement and deploy algorithms in efficient, high-quality, production-level software across multiple layers of the software stack, from embedded C to application level C++. 
 Prototype solutions to quickly test and iterate on system design. 
 Optimize algorithms across performance requirements, signals of opportunity, availability of other sensor inputs, and system level power constraints. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Algorithm Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Algorithm Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,890 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
