
 
 
 
 Partner Development - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Partner Development Pagaya Investments New York, NY About Pagaya 
 
Pagaya is a financial technology company reshaping the asset management space using machine learning and big data analytics to manage institutional money. With a focus on fixed income and alternative credit, Pagaya offers a variety of discretionary funds to institutional investors including pension funds, insurance companies, and banks. 
 
Our unique white-label technology platform — Pagaya Pulse — runs on a suite of artificial intelligence technologies and state-of-the-art algorithms to deliver a consistently high and scalable performance edge. We were founded in 2016 by seasoned finance and technology professionals. 
 
We manage over $5 billion in assets on behalf of institutional investors around the world and partners with top Fintech, banking, and institutional funds. 
 
Our Team 
 
Our team comprises over 350 professionals in New York and Tel Aviv with expertise in artificial intelligence, data rich alternative assets, and asset management. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams—people you can be proud to work with! 
 
Who We Are 
 
 Direct:  We believe in expedient and direct communication. 
 Continuous Learning:  We are constantly learning and improving our way of operating. 
 Collaborative:  We value collaboration and a teamwork approach to solving problems. 
 Open-minded:  We encourage creativity, fluid expression, and diversity of thought. 
 
 Role Description 
 
The Partner Development team will enable Pagaya’s continued rapid U.S. expansion. The team is based in NY / LA with the mission of developing strategic relationships with bank and nonbank lenders as well as digital lending platforms in the fintech space. By forging deep strategic relationships the partnerships team is able to source investments across sectors including auto, credit cards, mortgages and personal loans. The role reports to the Vice President of Partnerships and will be located in New York, NY or Los Angeles, CA. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Responsible for driving the new growth opportunities for Pagaya through proactive, outbound business development activities through all available communication means 
 Continually develop and maintain pipeline of potential partners through ongoing networking / business development activities 
 Prepare materials for use in business development meetings using PowerPoint and other presentation tools 
 Attend meetings, call and/or industry events; provide summaries afterward and keep meticulous notes 
 Identify and address internal processes that can be improved or automated 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 4-8 years of experience in sales, account management or business development 
 General understanding of financial markets; industry experience preferred 
 Working knowledge of MS Office Suite, CRM tools (Salesforce preferred) 
 High attention to detail 
 Motivated and self-starter, able to work autonomously as necessary 
 Creative problem solver, relentlessly curious, solutions builder 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Generous paid time off policy 
 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance 
 Discretionary bonuses 
 When onsite: Unlimited snacks and beverages 
 Covid-compliant environment 
 A diverse and inclusive culture Pagaya Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Partner jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Pagaya Investments in New York, NY Partner salaries in New York, NY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
