
 
 
 
 Market Dynamics – Medical Device Portfolio Data Scientist Consultant - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Market Dynamics – Medical Device Portfolio Data Scientist Consultant PATH 180 reviews Seattle, WA PATH 180 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description PATH is a global organization that works to accelerate health equity by bringing together public institutions, businesses, social enterprises, and investors to solve the world’s most pressing health challenges. With expertise in science, health, economics, technology, advocacy, and dozens of other specialties. PATH develops and scales solutions—including vaccines, drugs, devices, diagnostics, and innovative approaches to strengthening health systems worldwide. 
 
 
The Medical Device Portfolio within the Market Dynamics Program is growing its work increasing safe access to and use of medical devices in low-and-middle income countries, ranging from oxygen therapy, respiratory care equipment, and maternal, neonatal, and child health (MNCH) medical devices. We are recruiting for a Data Scientist Consultant who is passionate about making a difference in people’s lives through the power of data, analysis, and decision making. Specifically, the Consultant will work with Market Dynamics team members and other programs within PATH to tackle challenging global health issues through defining problems, conducting analyses using data analytics and quantitative methods, and applying findings to address market failures that restrict access to life-saving products and interventions. 
 
 
The Consultant will support at least 2 projects within the Medical Device Portfolio, specifically: 
 
 
 COVID-19 Respiratory Care Response Coordination : PATH, together with a consortium of partners and with support from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, is leading this project to support country decision-makers in the development and execution of a comprehensive respiratory care plan to meet the demands of COVID-19. The project also pursues strategies to help prioritize and improve access to oxygen therapy and other essential equipment involved in respiratory care as an integral part of health systems strengthening, beyond the pandemic response. 
 Market Dynamics for MNCH Medical Devices (MD4MD) project : This grant is funded by The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and aimed at diagnosing cross cutting market issues that impeded access to eight MNCH medical devices in five countries. 
 Additional project proposals are currently in process and under discussion with funders; it is possible that the consultant may contribute to additional scopes within the portfolio. 
 
 
Consultant RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 
In collaboration with PATH project team members, the consultant will play a critical role in  supporting prescriptive modelling (optimization), predictive modeling, and other innovative data driven solutions as it relates to projects within the Medical Device Portfolio.  Consultant responsibilities fall within the following categories of work: 
 
 
 Review and become familiar with existing Market Dynamics related quantitative analysis and supporting models and tools. 
 Develop or contribute to optimization (including linear programing), predictive modeling efforts, and apply advanced quantitative methods using appropriate software tools. Collate findings and develop convincing presentations with easily accessible visualizations to influence global and country stakeholders. 
 Develop or support machine learning/artificial intelligence efforts to increase access to health care in low-and-middle-income country settings. 
 Provide data analytics backstop support to the PATH project team members, primarily for the COVID-19 Respiratory Care and MD4MD project above, which may include liaising with PATH country leads. 
 Identify, collect, clean and analysis primary and secondary data sets. Create descriptive analyses and create data visualizations to foster their interpretation for country or global stakeholder presentations. 
 Develop or support supply chain network design, inventory, or capacity optimization work streams. 
 Develop or support database design and management for supply chain and market analysis. 
 Develop and use a range of standardized tools, frameworks, and modeling approaches and establish best practices for various types of analyses/models. 
 Communicate and collaborate with the relevant project team members, as needed, to provide verbal updates on progress or barriers. 
 
 
The consultant and the PATH project team will work closely together to determine which tasks and responsibilities to prioritize given the fluctuating priorities across projects. 
Required Skills 
 
Required Experience 
 
 Performing data analysis and applying advanced analytical methods to global health and pharmaceutical problem settings. Experience in managing small and large data sets is required. 
 Experience applying descriptive, predictive, and/or prescriptive analytics to solve quantitative problems with appropriate software tools (e.g. Python, R, etc.) in an applied / implementation setting either through internships or prior work experience 
 Strong capabilities in data visualization (e.g., Tableau) and presentation (e.g., PowerPoint). 
 Proven effectiveness working in a team-based environment, but capable also of working independently with minimal oversight. 
 Experience in creatively combining various public and private data sets to develop compelling analyses and create recommendations for various, non-technical audiences. 
 Comfortable working collaboratively with a geographically diverse team across multiple time zones. 
 Demonstrated ability to multi-task and thrive in fast-paced and high-pressure situations and deliver timely and quality outputs. 
 
 TIMELINE AND LEVEL OF EFFORT (LOE) 
 
 
The contract period is  as soon as possible through   May 31st, 2022 . 
 
 
Estimated # of hours / week  for the duration of the contract period: a minimum of 20 hours per week with potential of up to 40 hours per week, depending on candidate and scope of work. (hours may vary week to week) 
 
 
Location : Flexible; consultant must be flexible and willing to work with a global team spanning multiple continents. 
 
 Process 
 
 
If interested in this position, please submit a cover letter, resume/CV, and a de-identified example of your analytical output and corresponding presentation to MedicalDeviceMarkets@path.org. For the example output, please do not create something new for this request. 
 
 
Someone from our team will contact you if we are interested in further discussions. PATH 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at PATH in Seattle, WA Data Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PATH PATH 180 reviews PATH, (formerly called the Program for Appropriate Technology in Health) is an international, nonprofit global health organization based ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
