
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Engineer Stf - Shelton, CT 06484 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Engineer Stf LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Shelton, CT 06484 Remote LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company When it comes to using cutting-edge to tackle complex problems, is driven by a singular mission focus and desire to continuously innovate. Today’s challenges to global security aren’t just changing – they’re accelerating faster than ever before. Through our dedication to our mission, our -enabled systems are changing the way militaries operate and protect their forces, the way first responders fight fires, and how researchers explore the far reaches of space and the ocean’s depths. 
 
The Center (LAIC) team is seeking a high energy professional with a strong background in engineering, and to support the Applied team and product portfolio, focusing on a broad range of projects across the LAIC. The team is focused on exploiting small, innovative and teams to rapidly iterate and mature solutions from prototypes to deployment for utilization across the enterprise and in the field for our customers.
 
 
The selected candidate will focus on the of technologies and products that leverage to provide discriminating capability to our customers. This will require engagement in every phase of the system lifecycle including requirements generation, system and design, implementation, integration, and flight test. Activities will range from low TRL research, proof of concepts, of prototypes, building demonstrators, and transition to production. The selected candidate can expect to utilize current paradigms including computer vision, , and reinforcement , applying these techniques to solve complex problems and field innovative solutions. The selected candidate will also be expected to assume technical lead responsibilities, take ownership of critical tasks and mentor junior engineers. 
 
Must exhibit self-motivation, a strong work ethic, time and interpersonal skills. 
 
There is a preference for the selected candidate to be based in Shelton, Connecticut with the core team. However, the selected candidate can work at any major facility or remotely. 
 
Must be a US Citizen. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience, with 9 years of professional experience; or 7 years of professional experience with a related ’s degree. Experience using frameworks (Pytorch, Tensorflow, MxNet, Caffe, etc.) Experience with and multiple libraries (NumPy, OpenCV, Scikit, Pandas, etc.) Experience with C++, , GO, and other compiled languages Experience with DevOps tools: Docker, Git [GitLab, GitHub], Continuous Integration [CI], Continuous Deployment [CD] Experience with modern Computer Vision Experience developing applications on Linux Experience with high-performance computing
 Experience with network/messaging (UDP, ZeroMQ, RESTful API, etc.) Experience interfacing with databases (SQL, MongoDB, etc.) Must be a US Citizen 
Desired Skills: 
 ’s Degree in Engineering, Computer , or other related discipline Experience with transitioning prototype to production Experience leading large technical teams Familiarity with RF signal processing Familiarity with large scale architecture and design Familiarity with application of current research in the /ML domain 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at , where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, ’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Shelton, CT Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Shelton, CT Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Shelton, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
