
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, Natural Language Processing - Kirkland, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, Natural Language Processing Google 3,890 reviews Kirkland, WA Google 3,890 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 10 years of software development experience, or 8 years with an advanced degree. 
 Experience with software development using Python. 
 Experience with applied Natural Language Processing. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
 15 years of professional software development experience.
 Experience with software development using C++. 
 Experienced with Tensorflow or similar frameworks.
 Experience with computer vision models and approaches.
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
Google Cloud Document AI (DocAI) provides components and solutions to enterprises for automating document workflows using state-of-the art Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing. Our team is at the forefront of reducing the tedium in paperwork for consumers, enterprises, and institutions, and generally organizing unstructured enterprise documents and making them useful. This is a $5B and growing market with customers looking to Google to lead in higher quality, and better integrated solutions. Not to mention Document AI being a differentiating feature to bring more customers to Google Cloud Platform in general. 
 Our team is responsible for exploring and developing algorithms that extract structured information from documents and text, and productionizing those algorithms to help both internal and external users quickly build high-accuracy document processing solutions.
 
Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems. 
Responsibilities 
 Apply, design, and develop cutting-edge NLP methodologies for entity extraction to convert unstructured documents into structured data.
 Develop the long-term strategy and roadmap for how DocAI can adapt (fine-tune) its entity extraction solutions across domains (document types). Balance long-term technology investments with short-term core priorities.
 Communicate and collaborate broadly across multiple stakeholders in DocAI and Research.
 Be involved, a deeply technical mentor, thought leader and innovator.
 Build and experiment with model architectures and features in Tensorflow, data analysis and exploration. Design, implement and maintain distributed, highly-available NLP components for production use. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Kirkland, WA Jobs at Google in Kirkland, WA Staff Engineer salaries in Kirkland, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,890 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
