
 
 
 
 Senior Electrical Systems CAE Analyst - Warren, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Electrical Systems CAE Analyst General Motors 9,000 reviews Warren, MI General Motors 9,000 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About GM 
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors. 
 
To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future. 
Why Work for Us 
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities. 
Job Description 
The Senior CAE Engineer will be responsible for capturing information from a variety of sources inside and outside GM, building and running analytical models, interpreting results for customers, attending development team meetings, interacting with compartment integration teams. 
As the Senior CAE Engineer, you will lead and execute development of new engineering analysis capabilities. You will participate in Product Development teams on new / major / minor designs, providing analysis to assess performance of new designs. Develop methods for problem root cause analysis and identification. Build Finite Element Analysis (FEA) models from CAD solid models. 
Senior CAE Engineer is responsible to plan, build, execute one dimensional electrical sub-system and component models for both low and high voltage components (Batteries, fuses, cables, connectors, etc.). The Senior Analysis engineer will interpret and present results to decision makers at key program gates which enable early requirement exploration and data driven analysis to status requirements along the Global Vehicle Development Program timing milestones (GVDP). Analyst will be required to interact cross functionally with a wide variety of engineering teams (Electrical Architects, Battery System Engineers, Validation, Calibration and Design Release Engineers) to deliver standard work, root cause analysis, compare analytical results to tests, identify analytical gaps and lead capability projects to close these gaps when vital! 
Key Responsibilities: 
Collaborate with global analysis engineers to ensure on time delivery of high-quality results 
Ownership of program specific analysis work plan 
Lead and conduct peer reviews of analysis results prior to delivery to partners 
Lead capability projects to develop of new CAE methodologies 
Develop vehicle electrical and battery electro-thermal models to support virtual controls and calibration initiatives 
Perform electrical analysis to deliver design solutions which are robust and reliable utilizing optimization and statistical methods when appropriate 
Work collaboratively with Propulsion/ Battery System integration engineers, Electrical Architects, and component hardware design teams to ensure system requirements are met, design concepts are evaluated, and development and validation plans are successful 
Collaborate with other CAE teams to capture and integrate higher fidelity models into electrical system models to meet partner needs (virtual calibration, battery cell electrochemical, thermal/CFD) 
Additional Job Description 
Required Skills and Experience: 
Minimum 5 yrs. of engineering experience in design, analysis or testing of electrical components 
Development experience with application of CAE/CAD tools engineering electrical systems for conventional vehicles, HEVs, PHEVs, E-REVs and/or BEVs 
Experience in analysis of high voltage systems and/or battery systems with electrified vehicles (BEV, EREV, PHEV, HEV, BAS) 
Good understanding of electrical systems, controls and component development / validation 
Fluent in Synopsys Saber Product or comparable Electrical Data Analysis tool products (MATLAB, SimuLink,..etc..) 
Understanding and application of engineering theory and principles of operation for mechanical/electrical mechanisms 
Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills 
Preferred Skills and Experience: 
Minimum 3 years’ experience with development and usage of CAE/CAD tools 
Knowledge of Lithium-ion battery cell modeling and simulation Modeling (or other cell chemistries: Lead Acid, etc.). 
Experience in Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) 
Experience in designing and implementing GUI (Graphical User Interface) as well as core software for technical applications with schematic interfaces 
Experience in applying Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning (ML) methods 
Black belt in performing DFSS analysis 
Education: 
BS in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, or Physics required 
M.S. or PhD in Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Science, or Physics preferred 
Benefits Overview 
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others: 
 Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents; Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family; Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement; Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
 Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing; Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends. 
Diversity Information 
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statements 
The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com . In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. General Motors 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Systems Analyst jobs in Warren, MI Jobs at General Motors in Warren, MI Senior Systems Analyst salaries in Warren, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Motors General Motors 9,000 reviews Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that wil... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
