
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Westminster, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Trimble 271 reviews Westminster, CO Trimble 271 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Software Engineer - 3D Warehouse Backend
 This Opportunity
 If you’ve ever used SketchUp, you know it’s special software: 3D modeling that’s easy to learn, intuitive to use, and accessible to everyone. Try it out for free at  app.sketchup.com  and browse millions of free models at  3dwarehouse.sketchup.com  .
 As a member of the engineering team focused on SketchUp 3D Warehouse backend, you’ll be working to both refine and re-imagine how we deliver millions of 3D models to our customers all over the world. We’re looking for someone who is highly skilled, highly motivated and eager to learn more - and pretty low-key about it all. You’ll have an opportunity to work on projects spanning technologies like ML/AI, Graph Databases and distributed search engines. You should already have some experience writing scalable web applications and understand what it takes to scale a web application up to tens of millions of users and work with large datasets, and you’re excited to roll up your sleeves for the next big challenge. 
 
 About SketchUp, a Colorado startup all grown up
 Part of Trimble, SketchUp is one of the most popular 3D modeling and design tools in the world. Today, millions of architects, engineers, contractors, woodworkers, artists, and other creatives use our software to design transit centers, treehouses, and everything in between. We support a healthy work/life balance and high-quality standards for software and coffee.
 About Trimble, our parent company
 Trimble is transforming the way the world works by delivering products and services that connect the physical and digital worlds. Our core technologies in spatial positioning, modeling, connectivity and data analytics enable customers to improve productivity, quality, safety, and sustainability in design, architecture, and construction. 
 Responsibilities:
 Develop server-side Web application code for Trimble’s SketchUp 3D Warehouse.
 Create server-side business logic such as search algorithms, ratings, reviews, access control, etc.
 Analyze, design and implement new features and improve performance of the web applications.
 Backend database configuration, performance tuning, optimization.
 Monitor and, in the event of failure, diagnose and restore web application services.
 Collaborate with product managers to find optimal solutions.
 Required Skills/Experience:
 BS/BA degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent experience.
 3+ years experience developing Web applications.
 Server-side languages such as Java, C# or Python.
 Experience working with server-side technologies like Elasticsearch, JaxRS, Spring or ORMs.
 Good understanding of RESTful API design patterns and best practices.
 Familiarity with common commercial software development best practices.
 Strong problem-solving skills and eager to learn new technologies.
 A test-driven development mentality.
 Bonus Skills/Experience:
 Experience with Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform or Microsoft Azure.
 Experience with Machine Learning, feedback loops and Artificial Intelligence systems.
 Experience using modern Web application frameworks like Angular or React.
 Trimble is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D
 #engineering
 Pay Equity
 Trimble provides the following compensation range and general description of other compensation and benefits that it in good faith believes it might pay and/or offer for this position. This compensation range is based on a full time schedule. Trimble reserves the right to ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and offer additional benefits and other compensation, depending on circumstances not related to an applicant’s sex or other status protected by local, state, or federal law.
 Hiring Range:
 89700
 148000
 Bonus Eligible?
 No
 Trimble offers comprehensive core benefits that include Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability, Time off plans and retirement plans. Most of our businesses also offer tax savings plans for health, dependent care and commuter expenses as well as Paid Parental Leave and Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
 Trimble Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, age, color, religion, national origin, marital status, disability, sexual orientation, status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, or any other protected factor. EOE/M/F/V/D Trimble 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Westminster, CO Jobs at Trimble in Westminster, CO Software Engineer salaries in Westminster, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Trimble 271 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
