
 
 
 
 Custom Billing Manager - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Custom Billing Manager Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of experience in hiring and developing great teams in billing, pricing, accounting, finance, or a similar discipline 
 5+ years of relevant professional experience 
 Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in business, accounting, or a related field 
 Intermediate Excel skills (Pivot Tables, Index Match, Sum If, etc.) 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Custom Billing Solutions (CBS) supports operations of AWS pricing and billing programs. The team ensures participating customers realize intended benefits. Members engage with internal and external customers on a daily basis to address inquiries and recognize opportunities. Responsibilities also involve analysis of account billing and usage data thru Excel and other reporting solutions. The team partners with other stakeholders to enable the launch of new programs and initiatives across AWS while ensuring pricing and billing program operations are set up for success. Daily challenges and an ever evolving portfolio provide opportunity to have a tremendous impact on team success.
 
 
 Lead a team of Custom Billing Analysts to support pricing and billing program operations 
 Interpret complex pricing contracts and determine pricing structure procedures 
 Review data entry performed by analysts, provide data management, and pricing calculations 
 Drive and implement process improvements to enhance efficiency and accuracy of existing billing processes 
 Manage communication with cross-functional teams including Sales, Accounting, Legal, and Customer Service 
 Represent team in larger cross-team initiatives which involves supporting requirements gathering phase through project launch 
 Enable team members through direct support and partnering on stretch assignments 
 Support weekly, monthly, and quarterly reporting 
 Accounting experience (accruals, receivables, etc.) 
 Clear and concise verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams 
 Experience with financial contracts and comfortable interpreting contractual language 
 Excellent interpersonal skills with a passion for collaboration 
 Skilled at handling competing priorities in a fast-paced, highly ambiguous, deadline-driven environment 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Billing Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Seattle, WA Billing Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
