
 
 
 
 AI/ML Research Engineer II - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Research Engineer II Aurora Flight Sciences 45 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Aurora Flight Sciences 45 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Brief 
 
subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems. 
 Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is a world leader in the development of highly autonomous aircraft. We are searching for talentedengineers to lead cutting-edge research in AI/ML technology applied to unmanned aircraft systems. 
 
Responsibilities 
 Develop and apply AI/ML algorithms to technical challenges relevant to aerospace and defense. 
 Support the rapid development of innovative prototypes of AI/ML onto real flight applications.
 Collaborate with external partners, including MIT and other research institutions, to conduct joint research projects. 
 Collaborate with researchers and engineers at Aurora and Boeing to transfer knowledge and technology. 
 Assist in the preparation of R&D proposals and patent applications. 
 
 Minimum Requirements 
 
 M.S. or Ph.D. in Engineering, Computer Science, or related fields. 
 Expertise in modern AI/ML techniques. 
 Coding skills in Python or C++. 
 Must be a U.S. Person (U.S. citizen or a permanent resident/Green Card holder). 
 Desired 
 Experience applying AI/ML to at least one of the following technical areas: autonomous systems, computer vision, robotics, data analytics, human-computer interaction (HCI), or natural language processing (NLP). 
 Experience with ML frameworks, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, and MxNet. 
 Familiarity with cloud computing or edge computing. 
 Experience writing peer-reviewed publications or project proposals. 
 
 Aurora Company Overview 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems. 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 
 
 
Aurora Company Overview: 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems. 
 
 Aurora Company Overview 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is a leader in the development and manufacturing of advanced unmanned systems and aerospace vehicles. Our mission is to apply autonomy and robotics to the development, production, and operation of advanced aircraft. During the last three decades, Aurora has designed, rapid-prototyped, and flown an average of one new vehicle a year for both government and commercial customers. Now, as an independent subsidiary of Boeing, Aurora’s innovation is combined with Boeing’s size and strength, creating an unprecedented opportunity to shape the future of aerospace systems. 
 
Equal Opportunity Employer 
 
Aurora Flight Sciences, A Boeing Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. Aurora Flight Sciences 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Aurora Flight Sciences in Cambridge, MA Senior Research Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aurora Flight Sciences Aurora Flight Sciences 45 reviews Aurora Flight Sciences, a Boeing Company, is an innovative technology company that develops smarter aircraft using advanced autonomous sy... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
