
 
 
 
 Research Associate - Fayetteville, AR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Research Associate University of Arkansas, Fayetteville Fayetteville, AR Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Current University of Arkansas System employees including student employees and graduate assistants need to log into Workday on My Apps. Simply enter "Find Jobs" in the Workday search bar to view open positions.
 
 
 All Job Postings will close at 12:01 a.m. CT on the specified Closing Date (if designated).  To view the job posting closing date please return to the search for jobs page.
 
 If you close the browser or exit your application prior to submitting, the application process will be saved as a draft. You will be able to access and complete the application through “My Draft Applications” located on your Candidate Home page.
 
 Type of Position:
 Research 
 
 Workstudy Position:
 No
 
 Job Type:
 Regular
 
 Work Shift: 
 
 Sponsorship Available:
 No
 
 Institution Name:
 University of Arkansas, Fayetteville
 Founded in 1871, the University of Arkansas is a land grant institution, classified by the Carnegie Foundation among the nation’s top 2 percent of universities with the highest level of research activity. The University of Arkansas works to advance Arkansas and build a better world through education, research and outreach by providing transformational opportunities and skills, promoting an inclusive and diverse culture and climate, and nurturing creativity, discovery and the spread of new ideas and innovations.
 
 
The University of Arkansas campus is located in Fayetteville, a welcoming community ranked as one of the best places to live in the U.S. The growing region surrounding Fayetteville is home to numerous Fortune 500 companies and one of the nation’s strongest economies. Northwest Arkansas is also quickly gaining a national reputation for its focus on the arts and overall quality of life.
 
 
As an employer, the University of Arkansas offers a vibrant work environment and a workplace culture that promotes a healthy work-life balance. The benefits package includes university contributions to health, dental, life and disability insurance, tuition waivers for employees and their families, 12 official holidays, immediate leave accrual, and a choice of retirement programs with university contributions ranging from 5 to 10% of employee salary.
 
 
Below you will find the details for the position including any supplementary documentation and questions, you should review before applying for the opening.
 
 
If you have a disability and need assistance with the hiring process, please submit a request via the OEOC website : Request an Accommodation. Applicants are required to submit a request for each position of which they have applied.
 
 
For general application assistance or if you have questions about a job posting, please contact Human Resources at  479.575.5351 . 
 
 Department:
 CSCE | Justin Zhan Reports 
 
 Department's Website:
 https://computer-science-and-computer-engineering.uark.edu/
 
 Summary of Job Duties:
 The Research Associate is an appointment under the Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab in the Department of Computer Science and Computer Engineering. Under the supervision of Dr. Justin Zhan, the Research Associate is responsible for assisting in a variety of non-administrative tasks which may include preparing resources, equipment, materials for research, documenting results, and submitting journal/conference publications in support of the research activities. Research projects should be in Big Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Biomedical Informatics, or Blockchain Security Systems. The research projects are intended to provide the opportunity to learn proper research procedures and techniques.
 
 Qualifications:
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science and Computer Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Biology, Physics, or Electric Engineering
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Master’s degree and/or Doctoral degree in Computer Science and Computer Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Biology, Physics, or Electrical Engineering 
 
 Salary Information:
 Commensurate with education and experience 
 
 Required Documents to Apply:
 Cover Letter/Letter of Application, List of three Professional References (name, email, business title), Resume
 Optional Documents:
 Proof of Veteran Status 
 
 Recruitment Contact Information:
 Justin Zhan, Professor, jzhan@uark.edu 
 
 All application materials must be uploaded to the University of Arkansas System Career Site  https://uasys.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/UASYS
 Please do not send to listed recruitment contact. 
 
 Additional Information:
 College of Engineering – Diversity & Inclusion Statement : 
 
The College of Engineering is dedicated to building and supporting a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty, staff, and administration committed to teaching and working in an inclusive environment. The College strongly encourages applications from women, minorities, differently abled individuals, LGBTQIA+, and veterans. To promote equity and excellence, the selection committees will take into account any career interruptions experienced by applicants. As such, applicants are invited to share the related circumstances and explain how these interruptions have impacted their career path. 
 
 Pre-employment Screening Requirements:
 Criminal Background Check, Sex Offender Registry
 The University of Arkansas is committed to providing a safe campus community. We conduct background checks for applicants being considered for employment. Background checks include a criminal background check and a sex offender registry check. For certain positions, there may also be a financial (credit) background check, a Motor Vehicle Registry (MVR) check, and/or drug screening. Required checks are identified in the position listing. A criminal conviction or arrest pending adjudication or adverse financial history information alone shall not disqualify an applicant in the absence of a relationship to the requirements of the position. Background check information will be used in a confidential, non-discriminatory manner consistent with state and federal law.
 The University of Arkansas seeks to attract, develop and retain high quality faculty, staff and administrators that consistently display practices and behaviors to advance a culture and climate that embeds inclusion, diversity, equity, and access. For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Division of Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
 
 
The University of Arkansas is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution. The university welcomes applications without regard to race/color, sex, gender, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability, religion, marital or parental status, protected veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal or state law.
 
 
Persons must have proof of legal authority to work in the United States on the first day of employment. All applicant information is subject to public disclosure under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act. 
 
 Constant Physical Activity:
 N/A
 
 Frequent Physical Activity:
 N/A
 
 Occasional Physical Activity:
 N/A
 
 Benefits Eligible:
 Yes University of Arkansas 28 days ago original job Report job Research Associate jobs in Fayetteville, AR Jobs at University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, AR Research Associate salaries in Fayetteville, AR Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
