
 
 
 
 Senior Inside Sales Executive - Fort Lauderdale, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Inside Sales Executive Vantagepoint ai, LLC Fort Lauderdale, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Feeling like it’s time for a change? 
More Stability? 
More Money? 
Senior Inside Sales Executives looking for a stable place to make big money and call home; this is the opportunity you have been looking for. 2020 was a record-breaking year for our 42-year-old company and 2021 will be no different. 
If your current paycheck doesn’t match your skills, work ethic, and loyalty… It’s time for a change! 
Come join a team of highly paid, highly skilled professional closers who are making $100K+ per year with a 41-year-old family-owned company that has been nationally certified as Best Places to work including by Forbes Magazine, as well as Best Places to Work in Tampa Bay 12 times!. Our team of winners enjoy a great work life balance, incredible benefits, all from the comfort of your own home. We are growing like never before. Quality Senior Inside Sales talent can help us accelerate to the next level. 
If you are looking for security in a remote Senior Inside Sales career that will allow you to elevate yourself to the next level, Vantagepoint ai could be the opportunity you have always imagined but never found. Artificial Intelligence is changing the world as we know it, and Vantagepoint ai has been pioneering the application of AI in the Stock Market for nearly 30 years. To find out how Vantagepoint ai is Empowering Traders Daily and changing lives all over the world, visit www.vantagepointsoftware.com 
Don’t sell yourself short. Join a team of winners who are at the forefront of Innovation and technology… 
Take the first step… Apply Now!  www.FindTampaJobs.com 
Outstanding Benefits and Perks: 
Generous Base Salary 
Un-Capped Commissions Paid Monthly 
100% Paid Employee Healthcare and Dental 
Paid Training and continual coaching to promote your success 
Career Advancement 
Job Security 
No nights or weekends 
Learn more about our culture at: www.FindTampaJobs.com 
PM18 Vantagepoint ai, LLC 30+ days ago original job Report job Senior Sales Executive jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FL Jobs at Vantagepoint ai in Fort Lauderdale, FL Senior Sales Executive salaries in Fort Lauderdale, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
