
 
 
 
 Principal Software Engineer - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Software Engineer Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Office 365 is at the core of our Company’s mission to enable people and organizations to achieve more. Data engineering over Big Data and Artificial Intelligence (ML) is at the heart of the digital transformation, sweeping through every business and every industry on the planet. 
M365 Substrate is critical to Office 365 cloud strategy and it is experiencing tremendous growth, with 120 million monthly active commercial users and hundreds of millions of consumer users. The Substrate is a massively distributed cloud service with O(exabyte) data handled by O(100K) servers in O(100) data-centers around the entire globe. 
At M365 Substrate Big Data Engineering we are building new compliant Data Engineering platform to empower Office 365 product teams such as Workspace Analytics, CRM, Cortex and many others to be able to create insights and intelligent solutions for their customers at scale. Our mission is to achieve Macro Agility across the entire environment life cycle starting from new application onboarding, development to Monitoring experiences for our customers. 
 Our culture is inclusive, casual, and high energy; our engineers come from diverse backgrounds, are passionate and loyal to coworkers and our products, and grounded in our customer needs. 
Responsibilities 
Apply deep technical expertise to solve problems and enable a team of high-caliber Software Engineers to deliver quality designs, ensuring project and development excellence, and modeling a team culture of customer passion, collaboration, diversity and inclusion. Lead others across teams in defining strategy for the Big Data infrastructure by identifying key issues, inputs, stakeholders, and outcomes. 
The ideal candidate for this role has customer passion, bias for action, and engineering experience in architecting and delivering cloud services. 
Qualifications 
10+ years of experience in technical roles, solid ship experience across product life cycle 
5+ years of technical leadership experience, planning, designing, implementing, and delivering large distributed projects spanning multiple engineers as the primary owner
 Ability to nurture and grow talent 
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills 
Solid Software engineering foundation including design and development skills 
Existing Knowledge of Big Data Tooling such as HDInsight, Spark, Jupyter and Python is a plus 
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
 XXOIRecruitXX #M365core #MSAI 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Principal Software Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
