
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Bluetooth, Android - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Bluetooth, Android Google 3,890 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,890 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience 
 7 years of software development experience, or 5 years with an advanced degree. 
 Experience with software development using Java and C/C++.
 Experience with Android or other operating systems. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
 5 years of experience in Android or other complex operating systems. 
 Experience with Bluetooth.
 Experience with analysis of complex systems.
 Experience with software development using Rust.
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
As a Senior Software Engineer, you will deliver exceptional data based device connectivity and shape the future for our platforms and partners within a highly visible team space. You will be responsible for taking a systems-level view of the entire Bluetooth system and digging into the technical details in a data based manner. You will also work closely with teams developing features to ensure potential problems are discovered early. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. 
Responsibilities 
 Bring clarity to highly ambiguous/complex problems. 
 Study the Bluetooth system as a whole (including peripherals), and define and enforce best practices for us and our partners. 
 Build solutions that scale to the ecosystem beyond Android. 
 Collaborate across Pixel, ChromeOS, Android Auto, Android TV, Nest, and many more teams both inside and outside of Google. 
 Partner and collaborate with related engineering teams, product management, and program management to ensure the development of high-quality solutions in a timely manner. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,890 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
