
 
 
 
 Enterprise Account Developer Positions - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Enterprise Account Developer Positions NICE CXone 53 reviews Salt Lake City, UT NICE CXone 53 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Enterprise Account Developer Positions 
Location: Salt Lake City, UT 
The NICE inContact Enterprise Account Developer is responsible for generating new business opportunities and getting in touch with key stakeholders to set up discovery calls for our enterprise sales team. Enterprise Account Developers utilize professional sales skills to investigate prospective clients’ company structure, industry positioning, and any other relevant information. This information is used to penetrate the company by setting up a discovery call between the regional District Sales Manager (DSM) and the prospect with the intent of discovering a sales opportunity. They will hold a quota for the number of opportunities generated within their assigned territory and for the number of discovery calls set up within a given month. They will be assigned a mentor when they begin and once they have attained tenure in their position will be responsible for acting as a mentor for the new Enterprise Account Developers. 
 
 
 
 As an Enterprise Account Developer, a Typical Day Might Include the Following: 
 
Generate new business opportunities through prospecting into potential customers in the assigned territory aligned with Enterprise RVP. 
Make calls to key prospects found during prospecting efforts and create enough value in NICE inContact's product suite to have them agree to a discovery conversation with a DSM with the intent of uncovering a sales opportunity. 
Nurture a pipeline of prospects that are too early in the process or require nurturing in order to be ready to engage with them when their timeline for a purchase arises. 
Effectively and efficiently log leads and sales interactions in the NICE inContact contact management software tools. 
Meet or exceed Discovery Call and Opportunity Creation quotas as defined by management. 
Maintain functional knowledge of current and future NICE inContact products and services offered. 
Interact frequently with assigned territory sales team to ensure they stay engaged in the prospecting efforts and make decisions on how to penetrate key accounts. 
Attend meetings and trainings as required to maintain a high level of constantly improving skills in prospecting. 
Act as mentor and assist sales leadership as necessary for new Enterprise Account Developers. 
Participate in other lead generation campaigns as defined by management. 
Works with moderate supervision with much latitude for independent judgment. 
 
To Land This Gig You'll Need: 
 
Bachelor's Degree in Marketing, Business Management, Communications or similar field or equivalent work experience required. 
4+ years of sales experience required with demonstrated success or equivalent education 
1+ year lead generation, sales development, or equivalent experience. 
Excellent targeted questioning skills. 
Superior verbal communication skills and confidence in interacting with senior level executives. 
Self-discipline and responsible time management. 
Full-cycle sales process knowledge. 
Advanced computer usage skills including prior usage of a CRM tool, preferably Salesforce.com. 
Ability to present NICE inContact products when necessary. 
Ability to find opportunities through tactical dialing and research. 
 
Bonus Experience: 
 
 Advanced skills in Data.com, Rainking, Toutapp, linkedin, and any other tools deemed appropriate by management. 
ABOUT NICE inContact:  NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s No. 1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on-premises enterprise software solutions. Nice 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Enterprise Account Executive jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Jobs at NICE CXone in Salt Lake City, UT Enterprise Account Executive salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from NICE CXone 53 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
