
 
 
 
 NGP OSM Developer - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NGP OSM Developer Capgemini 8,254 reviews St. Louis, MO Capgemini 8,254 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :5+Months 
Responsibilities : 
4 to 6 years experience in OSM. OSM Developer or Designer candidate should be able to deliver independently in areas of Cartridge configuration and development of automation plug in using XSLT, Java, XQuery and DB Plugin
 Preparation of Design documents based on requirements. He should be able to lead team and get the module delivered. Skills Experience in Telecom Domain :- Sound knowledge of Telecom OSS Order Management and
 Provisioning applications and requirements Familiarity with Enterprise Telecom business services, Fixed and Mobile Products Services. Experience in Application Development involving OSM 7.3.X or 7.2.x. Must possess good domain understanding for Complex Order Decomposition or Orchestration.
 Good understanding of following OSM7 concepts a. Central Order Management b. Decomposition rules c. In flight Order change management. Service Order Management e.
 Product spec and Product class mappings and modeling Integration experience of OSM 7.3.x or 7.2.x Candidate should have implemented integration of Oracle OSM with Inventory Management and Activation systems in SOM area and should have implemented or customized OSM COM based integration Implementation experience of OSM
 Automation using XSLT, XQuery, Java and DB Plugin Hands on experience in areas of JavaJ2EE, OSM based XML APIs and Web Services, WebLogic, Oracle PLSQL and SQLHands on experience in Design Studio 7.0.x or higher 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Capgemini in St. Louis, MO Developer salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,254 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
