
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Siri - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Siri Apple 10,251 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Mar 29, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200226802 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done - just by asking. Join the Siri Understanding team at Apple.
The Siri Understanding team is looking for an exceptional Machine Learning Engineer to personalize the Siri experience for millions of Apple users worldwide while preserving data privacy. 
Key Qualifications 
Strong understanding of machine learning (ML) fundamentals. 
Experience in deploying ML/deep-learning solutions to real world problems. 
Experience with deep learning toolkits like Keras/TensorFlow, PyTorch etc. 
Proficiency in Objective-C/C++ and Python. 
Strong analytical and data visualization skills 
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communication skills. 
Description 
As a Machine Learning Engineer in the Siri Understanding team you will work on improving Siri’s Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) accuracy by training state-of-art language models (LMs) on massive text corpora. You will explore novel techniques and enhance existing algorithms for language modeling - focusing on privacy preserving ML approaches to train and adapt LMs on-device under the constraints of memory, compute and power. You will develop efficient on-device modeling pipelines for natural language processing. You will work on model optimization techniques (including but not limited to model compression, quantization etc.) to enable efficient on-device learning. You will collaborate with other research scientists and engineers in a fast-paced team environment. 
Education & Experience 
Master’s or PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science or a related field.
Academic or industry experience in ASR or NLP. 
Additional Requirements 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Any of the following qualifications is considered a plus. 
Familiarity with n-gram and neural network algorithms and techniques used in language modeling (smoothing, pruning, interpolation, word embeddings, recurrent neural networks, transformers etc.). 
Experience in large scale distributed privacy-preserving ML and federated learning. 
2+ years of software development experience, preferably in a ML field. 
Experience in on-device modeling, in a limited resource setup. 
Experience with large scale data processing using MapReduce/Hadoop/Spark. 
Experience with training language models for ASR systems and working with standard toolkits (such as Kaldi, SRILM, OpenFST or equivalent proprietary systems) Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
