
 
 
 
 Research Scientist in Al for Health - Oak Ridge, TN 37830 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist in Al for Health Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge, TN 37830 Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Id 5415 
We are seeking a research scientist with a focus on artificial intelligence for biomedical applications. The position will be in the Biostatistics and Multiscale Systems ( BMS ) group in the Advanced Computing in Health Science ( ACH ) Section of the Computational Science and Engineering Division ( CSED ). The candidate will leverage expertise in large-scale biomedical informatics and statistical modeling to build and use tools for healthcare needs. This group creates scalable AI and machine-learning solutions for biomedical data in HPC environments, including privacy and biomedical informatics for supervised and unsupervised learning with healthcare data. 
The ACH delivers scalable and computational solutions to biomedical and healthcare delivery challenges. The BMS Group develops statistical/Machine Learning/Deep Learning methodology for large scale data analytics in topics related to genomics, text (natural language processing), and imaging applications; develops and incorporates AI and data-driven approaches for Molecular Dynamics simulations using exascale high-performance computing and experimental validation (e.g. SNS); and applies AI/ML/DL methods to analyze large scale datasets with protected health data. It provides foundations and advances in information and data science and develops community applications, data assets, and technologies to advance crosscutting science outcomes. 
Job Duties and Responsibilities 
Research and develop new and novel artificial intelligence methods as applied to biomedical applications. 
Collaborate with BSEC/CSED scientists in a wide variety of data analytics and architecture research. 
Author peer reviewed papers, technical papers, reports and proposals for internal and external release and represent the organization by giving technical presentations in large public forums. 
Be a part of a vibrant collaborative research environment which will provide the opportunity to perform cutting-edge research in high-performance computing, using ORNL’s Leadership Class Supercomputer. 
Maintain membership in professional, academic, and research organizations. 
Basic Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a field closely related to the job duties of this position. 
2+ years of relevant experience in any of the following; Bioinformatics, Computational Genomics, Clinical Informatics, Population Health Informatics 
Preferred Qualifications: 
The ability to conduct independent and significant research. 
Position requires the ability to communicate effectively (both verbal and written). 
Demonstrated programming ability, and knowledge of Java, Python, C/C++ or other commonly used language. 
Experience with machine learning/deep learning programming and application on biomedical data 
Experience in natural language processing applications is desirable 
Experience with any data integration technologies 
Experience with core semantic technologies (RDF, OWL, SPARQL) 
Flexibility with regard to the research assignments is required. 
Ability to collaborate with scientists, engineers, and sponsors is also required. 
Capable of producing significant research results, publications, and funding proposals. 
ORNL Ethics and Conduct: 
As a member of the ORNL scientific community, you will be expected to commit to ORNL's Research Code of Conduct. Our full code of conduct, and a statement by the Lab Director's office can be found here: https://www.ornl.gov/content/research-integrity 
Benefits at ORNL: 
UT Battelle offers an exceptional benefits package to include matching 401K, Pension Plan, Paid Vacation and Medical / Dental plan. Onsite amenities include Credit Union, Medical Clinic and free Fitness facilities. 
Relocation: 
Moving is stressful and expensive, and UT Battelle offers a wide range of relocation benefits for individuals and families to make it easier to come and work here. If you are invited to interview, please ask your Recruiter about relocating with ORNL. 
For more information about our benefits, working here, and living here, visit the “About” tab at jobs.ornl.gov. 
This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. 
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. 
If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. 
ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer. Oak Ridge National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Oak Ridge, TN Jobs at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, TN Research Scientist salaries in Oak Ridge, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oak Ridge National Laboratory Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provides exceptional researchers with distinctive equipment and unique facilities to solve some of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
