
 
 
 
 RESEARCH FELLOW - Ann Arbor, MI 48109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications RESEARCH FELLOW University of Michigan Ann Arbor, MI 48109 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description How to Apply 
 
 Applicants should email CV and sample code to gyuanfan@umich.edu 
 
Job Summary 
 
 The Guan Lab in the Department of Computational Medicine and Bioinformatics, University of Michigan is seeking a postdoctoral fellow in the area of Artificial Intelligence in Biomedicine with computational, mathematics or engineering background. The fellow will be responsible for development of machine learning methods and software. 
 
Required Qualifications* 
 
 PhD in computer science, bioinformatics, electrical engineering, imaging physics, computational biology, mathematics, or related field. 
 
Desired Qualifications* 
 
 The ideal candidate will have familiarity with python (or C++/JAVA) and English writing is expected for all candidates. Familiarity with SWIFT and Raspberry Pi is a plus but not required. 
 
Background Screening 
 
Michigan Medicine conducts background screening and pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background screenings. Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Report Act. Pre-employment drug testing applies to all selected candidates, including new or additional faculty and staff appointments, as well as transfers from other U-M campuses. 
 
Application Deadline 
 
Job openings are posted for a minimum of seven calendar days. The review and selection process may begin as early as the eighth day after posting. This opening may be removed from posting boards and filled anytime after the minimum posting period has ended. 
 
U-M EEO/AA Statement 
 
The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. University of Michigan 27 days ago original job Report job Research Fellow jobs in Ann Arbor, MI Jobs at University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, MI Research Fellow salaries in Ann Arbor, MI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
