
 
 
 
 IT Auditor - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Auditor Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
This job is part of Intel's Internal Audit organization. Internal Audit is chartered by Intel's Audit Committee to provide the Board and management independent, objective assurance and advisory services. The scope of Audit's responsibilities is to determine whether Intel's cybersecurity risk management, control and governance processes, as designed and represented by management, are adequate. 
 
The IT Auditor role is responsible for evaluating risks and controls across governance, execution, and management of IT infrastructure, Security, Operations, Engineering, and related processes, including Privacy. IT Auditors will accomplish evaluations by conducting and leading internal audit projects to include the communication of audit objectives, observations, risks, formulating recommendations, stakeholder alignment, and consulting services regarding risk and controls on a wide range of projects. 
 
IT Audit departments will need to respond to the ever-evolving risk environment that accompanies the increased usage of machine learning, artificial intelligence, robotic process automation, autonomous vehicle technology, virtual reality platforms, and transition to the cloud. To improve our ability to address emerging technology risks, we are transitioning to an Agile framework with an iterative approach to planning and audit execution. 
 
Role responsibilities and skills required for the position: 
Participate in small Scrum teams 
Conduct reviews in highly technical areas of current/emerging technologies, including cloud, security, distributed computing, IoT, and high-value asset protection. 
Develop draft audit reports that identify risks, deliver stakeholder value and compel change 
Develop risk assessments and audit programs as a Scrum team 
Continuous attention to outcomes and providing impactful results 
Knowledge of industry-standard risk and controls frameworks such as NIST, COBIT (Control Objectives for Information and related Technology), ISO 27000, and IT-related internal controls 
Skills to communicate highly technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences and 
Demonstrated ability to inject innovation into IT audit program development and delivery. 
Skills to collaborate with diverse teams; works effectively to drive alignment with stakeholders. 
Identify ways to expand coverage and efficiencies for audit risk areas and control testing by applying data analytics 
Blue, Purple, or Red team experience is a plus 
Willingness to travel domestically and Internationally for 2-week periods up to 20 percent of the year. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates.
 Minimum qualifications: 
Bachelor's Degree in the following fields: Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Computer Information Systems or related. 
Must have 5+ years of IT process, Cybersecurity, or audit experience 
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) or willingness to obtain in first six months 
This position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship. 
Preferred qualifications: 
Familiar with working in Agile teams 
Background in data analytics and data visualization tools 
CA (Certified Internal Auditor), CISSP (Certified Information Systems Security Professional or equivalent), 
Cybersecurity: CEH (Certified Ethical Hacker), CHFI (Certified Hacker Forensic Investigator) 
Cloud: AWS Certified Solutions Architect Professional, Microsoft Azure Certification, SAN Cloud Security Certification 
Inside this Business Group 
As members of the Finance team, employees act as full partners in making and supporting business decisions that are aimed at maximizing shareholder value. Intel Finance has a strong focus on facilitating change and improvement both within finance and in the operations supported. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, California, Folsom 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Auditor jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR IT Auditor salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
