
 
 
 
 Regional Sales Manager, Major Accounts - Washington, DC 20036 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Regional Sales Manager, Major Accounts Ava 41 reviews Washington, DC 20036 Ava 41 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description Introduction
 
Ava is a global technology company with offices in the UK, Norway, and the USA. We exist because we believe that we can create a better, smarter way to deliver security.
 We inject intelligence into our approach to security and all our solutions. We help organisations see, understand, and act on their surroundings to protect their people, business, and reputation in real-time.
 We know that the best way to meet our goals is with a diverse team, where everyone’s voice is heard. We’re proud that our company comprises 24 nationalities and we’re always looking to increase the variety of ideas and points of view at Ava.
 We founded Ava Cyber in 2016 and Ava Video in 2018 and the two companies merged in 2020 to become a unified security provider with extensive capital investment from Ubon Partners.
 
About this position
 We are looking for a professional seller with strong executive presence, a highly technical mindset, and extensive experience selling into the Fortune 1000. This person will be responsible for the complete Ava Security portfolio as well as managing relationships with the largest & most strategic customers in the Americas. This is a quota carrying position that is expected to drive exponential growth in existing customers while executing a plan to win new customer relationships About you
 We are looking for a team player who thinks holistically, enjoys solving complex problems and thrives working autonomously, while not afraid to ask for input and learn from their teammates if they’re stuck.
 Does this sound like you? We'd love you to apply, even if you don't meet 100% of the requirements and qualifications. What we offer
 
Attractive salary with possibility for stock options
 
Flexible working hours
 
A remote-friendly organisation, with colleagues working remotely either part or full-time
 
A startup with solid financial backing and long-term horizon
 
Travel opportunities, as we have R&D offices in London & Oslo and Sales offices in the US
 
An international group of colleagues, working on anything from hardware, software, user experience, artificial intelligence, machine learning, audio/video processing, and analytics, mechanical, and industrial design.
 
Visa sponsorship available
 
Newly refurbished and modern offices with disabled access and good transport links at The Charter Building in Uxbridge, London, UK.
 
Ava is dedicated to encouraging and sustaining a culture of inclusion. We know that we are able to develop and learn better with a diverse group of people. The experiences, ideas, knowledge, self-expression and talent of our employees forms our culture and is instrumental in our success.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, colour, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or any other protected category. AVA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Regional Sales Manager jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Ava in Washington, DC Regional Sales Manager salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ava 41 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
