
 
 
 
 Fab Process Technician (ALL SHIFTS) - Temp-to-Hire - Beaverton, OR 97008 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fab Process Technician (ALL SHIFTS) - Temp-to-Hire FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews Beaverton, OR 97008 FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Fab Process Technician (ALL SHIFTS) - Temp-to-Hire 
 FormFactor, Inc. 
 Beaverton, OR 
 Re: COVID-19, we have ample safety protocols in place, including social distancing, safety training and appropriate screenings for all on-site personnel and visitors. This is an on-site position. 
 
 We live in a mobile driven world where technology is constantly improving. Semiconductor manufacturers need a partner as they pioneer and drive the most advanced integrated circuits (ICs) ever made. FormFactor is the world’s leading supplier of semiconductor test and measurement products used to test the ICs that power the majority of smart phones and tablets on the planet, as well as electronic systems used in computing, consumer, automotive, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and other applications. We are a big company with a small time feel. Working at FormFactor gives you the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology, have a direct influence on next generation products hitting the market and drive the overall growth and development of the semiconductor industry. 
 We are a fast-paced, agile, growing company that values diversity of thought and constantly strives for a more diverse, inclusive environment. We are looking for enthusiastic, talented individuals who can thrive in a changing and challenging environment. 
 
 SHIFTS AVAILABLE: 
 Our Technicians work a Compressed Work Week (CWW). This means that each pay period you work three 12-hour shifts one week, and four 12-hour shifts the following week*. Per Oregon law, you will be eligible for Overtime Pay (1.5X Hourly Rate) for all time worked over 10 hours in one shift (>10 hours of OT per two week pay period). Shifts available: 
 Front Half Days: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, every other Wednesday, 6:00am - 6:15pm 
 Front Half Nights: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, every other Saturday, 6:00pm - 6:15am 
 Back Half Days: Thursday, Friday, Saturday, every other Wednesday, 6:00am - 6:15pm 
 Back Half Nights: Thursday, Friday, Saturday, every other Wednesday, 6:00pm - 6:15am 
 
 PURPOSE 
 The Process Technician works in the fab clean room area to process thin film substrates to meet production schedule. This role tracks the product through the process and development cycle, including setting up and operating equipment, following process, using photolithography and having a high attention to detail to ensure a high quality product is produced for customers. Process technicians must multi-task and oversee multiple processes and equipment simultaneously. 
 
 KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Performing metal etching of substrates 
 Conducting final inspections of substrates 
 Performing metal plating of substrates 
 Perform all duties of Tech 1 & 2 as needed 
 Attain subject matter expert level and train other technicians in at least one fab department as required. 
 Author and edit process instructions. 
 Identify and implement process improvement. 
 Set up and operate equipment 
 Collect, organize and evaluate statistical process control (SPC) data 
 Follow complex system driven commands and processes. 
 Safely handle chemicals such as solvents while adhering to all safety rules and procedures. 
 
 EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE   AND SKILLS   REQUIRED 
 Associates degree or equivalent in Electronics or Microelectronics required, Bachelor’s degree in related field preferred. 
 Minimum of 2 years of experience in a fab or semiconductor manufacturing environment. 
 Minimum of 2 years of experience in the operation of complex mechanical equipment. 
 Minimum of 2 years of experience working with strict safety procedures and safely handling chemicals. 
 Minimum of 1 year of experience collecting, organizing and evaluating data. 
 Ability to be certified in all Fab Process Tech 1 & 2 duties within 180 days of hire. 
 Demonstrated experience in leadership or training. 
 Demonstrated experience in process improvement. 
 Demonstrated experience following very detailed processing steps and balancing changing priorities in a manual environment. 
 Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills. 
 Experience following specific work instructions. 
 Experience with Microsoft Access required. Experience with Powerpoint, Outlook, Excel and Word preferred. 
 Ability to communicate effectively with co-workers, supervisors and technical staff at all levels of the organization. 
 Ability to multi-task and operate multiple machines simultaneously. 
 Able to sit for extended periods and work under a microscope 
 Able to wear safety lab equipment such as safety glasses, booties, lab coat, protective eye wear, hair covering and face mask. 
 Able to perform detailed visual inspection tasks 
 Able to respond quickly in the case of an emergency due to a chemical spill 
 
 WORK ENVIRONMENT 
 Ability to work continuously inside a clean room environment with chemicals while wearing protective clothing (bunny suit, goggles, etc.) 
 Ability to work at a microscope for extended periods of time up to 80% per shift depending on station assigned 
 Ability to push and pull 10-15 lbs. 
 Ability to perform routine lifting of 6 lbs. materials 
 
 FormFactor is committed to providing a work environment where everyone is treated with dignity and respect. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and are committed to compliance with all Federal, State, and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, sex (including breastfeeding and related conditions), gender (including gender identity and gender expression), national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, religion, physical or mental disability, marital status, registered domestic partner status, medical condition, military or veteran status, genetic characteristics or information, or any other legally protected characteristic. These protections extend to all employment and management decisions including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotions, pay practices, benefits, disciplinary actions and terminations, and all other terms and conditions of employment. FormFactor, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Process Technician jobs in Beaverton, OR Jobs at FormFactor in Beaverton, OR Process Technician salaries in Beaverton, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from FormFactor, Inc. FormFactor, Inc. 69 reviews At FormFactor, it’s not enough just to make revolutionary products.  We also strive to be a great place to work.  We demonstrate our comm... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
