
 
 
 
 Systems Engineer - Offutt AFB, NE - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Engineer Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Offutt AFB, NE Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE’s North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD)/United States Northern Command (USNORTHCOM), United States Space Command (USSPACECOM), United States Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM) Operations Department (N256) provides applied systems engineering/mission engineering for 3 Combatant Commands (CCMDs), to include HQ USSTRATCOM and the Nuclear Command, Control, and Communications (NC3) Enterprise Center (NEC). N256 provides technical expertise with NC3 systems, architectures, command and control structures, and systems engineering to bridge the command, and the rest of the DoD Enterprise, and in support of the Joint Force and Service Components.
 Job Responsibilities:
 N256 is seeking a highly motivated candidate to serve as a multi-discipline systems engineer with a focus on Advanced Analytics and Data Science supporting USSTRATCOM and the NEC. The successful candidate will analyze and employ analytic tools and techniques within the USSTRATCOM mission space to advance capabilities in this area. This effort will evaluate technologies related to automation, machine learning, data science, data fusion, cyber and social media analysis, Geospatial Information Systems (GIS), and processing and exploitation of large data sets. The results of this work will help guide the Command’s/Center’s organizational and acquisition direction toward enhanced future capabilities.
 Key Attributes:
 Hands on experience with machine learning, data science, or big data analysis.
 Experience with computer programming (ideally in Python, R, or Matlab).
 Experience producing market surveys, analysis of alternatives, or other evidence-based recommendations for a sponsor.
 Excellent verbal communication and interpersonal skills
 Strong technical writing skills.
 Obtain and maintain a TS/SCI level security clearance
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelors degree and 0-2 years of related experience.
 Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
 Required Qualifications:
 Understands the systems engineering process and its application
 Ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, software languages, platforms, and systems
 Expertise to provide unbiased advise, formulate courses of action, analyze programs, and make recommendations across a wide spectrum of issues
 Passionate, goal driven, team oriented and outgoing
 Demonstrable ability to lead through influence
 Effective team leadership and communication skills
 Obtain and maintain a TS/SCI level security clearance
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Experience working with the Department of Defense and the Joint community
 MS in Systems Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or a similar field, including most engineering disciplines.
 2 plus years of relevant experience with exposure to range of systems engineering lifecycle activities (requirements, design, development, testing, deployment, sustainment)
 Familiarity with any of the following:
 Data Science, Analytics and/or Simulation
 Machine Learning and/or Artificial Intelligence
 Model Based System Engineering
 Operations Research
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Offutt AFB, NE Jobs at Mitre Corporation in Offutt AFB, NE System Engineer salaries in Offutt AFB, NE Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
