
 
 
 
 Manufacturing Specialist I - Boulder, CO 80301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manufacturing Specialist I Biodesix, Inc. Boulder, CO 80301 Job details Salary $15.00 - $17.50 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us: 
Biodesixis a leading diagnostic company with a focus in lung disease. The Companydevelops diagnostic tests addressing important clinical questions by combiningmulti-omics through the power of artificial intelligence. Biodesix is the firstcompany to offer six non-invasive tests for patients with diseases of the lung.Biodesix launched the SARS-CoV-2 ddPCR™ test and the Platelia SARS-CoV-2 TotalAb in response to the global pandemic and virus that impacts the lung andcauses COVID-19. The blood-based Biodesix Lung Reflex® strategy for lung cancerpatients integrates the GeneStrat® and VeriStrat® tests to support treatmentdecisions with results in 72 hours, expediting time to treatment. Theblood-based Nodify Lung™ nodule risk assessment testing strategy consisting ofthe Nodify XL2™ test and the Nodify CDT™ test evaluates the risk of malignancyin incidental pulmonary nodules, enabling physicians to better triage patientsto the most appropriate course of action. Biodesix also collaborates with manyof the world’s leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to solvecomplex diagnostic challenges in lung disease. For more information aboutBiodesix, please visit www.biodesix.com. 
MANUFACTURING SPECIALIST i: 
OBJECTIVE: 
Manufacturing Specialist I duties will include reviewing the COVID tracking sheet via Excel for incoming orders, assembling COVID ddPCR/ antibody kits according to the tracking sheet, ensuring accurate elements are included in each kit, and that shipping labels are prepared as appropriate, and maintaining adequate inventory for incoming orders. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Building kits as entered on COVID tracking sheet 
Create batch records for each kit 
Package kits in boxes/ FedEx Paks to ship out each day 
Taking inventory of all COVID kit supplies twice a month 
Assist with creating FedEx labels for each kit 
COMPETENCY OR POSITION REQUIREMENTS : 
Organized with attention to detail. 
Computer skills, including Excel, internet, and e-mail systems. 
Ability to adapt to emerging situations and respond with a sense of urgency. 
Ability to consistently meet deadlines. 
Must adhere to all standard operation procedures within Quality Management System. 
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Required: 
High School diploma 
Any previous shipping/ receiving experience is a plus 
Thisposition is eligible for both equity awards and the short-term incentiveprogram. 
Biodesixprovides paid healthcare, including medical, dental and vision, and acompetitive paid vacation and sick leave program. Please visit ourwebsite for additional details. 
www.biodesix.com/careers/benefits 
Biodesixis an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receiveconsideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteranstatus. Biodesix, Inc. 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manufacturing Specialist jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at Biodesix in Boulder, CO Manufacturing Specialist salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Biodesix, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
