
 
 
 
 Open Rank Professor of Education, Educational Psychology-Institute for Computational and Data Sciences Co-Hire - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open Rank Professor of Education, Educational Psychology-Institute for Computational and Data Sciences Co-Hire Penn State University 1,421 reviews University Park, PA Penn State University 1,421 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Department of Educational Psychology, Counseling, and Special Education in the College of Education and the Institute for Computational and Data Sciences at The Pennsylvania State University invite applications for an open rank, tenure-track position with primary responsibilities in teaching and research in the Educational Psychology program. The science of learning, teaching, and assessment is at the core of Educational Psychology at Penn State. Students in our graduate program explore how people learn across the lifespan and ways that learning and teaching interconnect and reciprocally influence each other in formal and informal educational settings. Faculty members conduct research in their area of expertise and provide support to graduate degree programs in Educational Psychology and other programs.
 Penn State is committed to and accountable for advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion with an emphasis on structurally contingent identities such as race/ethnicity, gender, class, sexual orientation, and national origin. We foster a culture of inclusion that supports both broad and specific diversity initiatives, leverage the educational and institutional benefits of diversity, and engage all individuals to help them thrive. We value inclusion as a core strength and an essential element of our public service mission. Therefore, we are seeking candidates whose research, teaching, and service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and inclusion in higher education.
 Appointment Conditions
 This position is a tenure track, 36-week faculty appointment in the Educational Psychology program with the possibility of supplemental summer appointments in research and/or teaching. This position is co-funded by the College of Education and the Institute for Computational and Data Sciences. The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more. The College of Education at Penn State is committed to supporting the work-life balance of its faculty members. Penn State has a strong commitment to the diversity of its workforce and we encourage applications from individuals of diverse backgrounds.
 Responsibilities
 The successful candidate will: have an active program of research; be responsible for teaching residential and online undergraduate and graduate courses; advise master’s and doctoral students; and provide service to the Department, College, University, and professional organizations or other external agencies.
 Required Qualifications
 Candidates must have an earned doctorate in Educational Psychology, Learning Sciences, Applied Cognitive or Developmental Science, or a closely related field. Candidates who have completed all doctoral work but have not yet defended their dissertation at the time of the application will also be considered, although candidates must have completed their degree by the time of hire.
 Candidates must also demonstrate a commitment to a significant program of research that has the potential to secure external funding, commensurate with experience.
 Candidates must provide evidence of the potential for excellence in teaching and advising, commensurate with experience.
 Candidates must show potential to work with underserved and/or underrepresented populations.
 We seek a candidate with advanced methodological expertise, working at the intersection of (a) large-scale educational data analysis and (b) the development of learning and educational interventions. Examples of areas of methodological expertise may include, but are not limited to, learning analytics, personalized learning, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML), natural language processing, social network analysis, or intelligent tutoring. Expertise in High Performance Computing (HPC) is a plus. This list of examples is not exhaustive; other suitably innovative methods for analyzing large datasets in the service of improving learning and instruction will be considered. In addition to methodological expertise, a theory-driven focus on learning and an interest in or evidence of the application of these methods to the design of educational interventions or digital tools is required of the position.
 As an ICDS co-hire, the successful candidate is expected to engage in interdisciplinary research that relies substantially on some combination of big data, simulations, machine learning, and related methodologies, as applied to the development, implementation, and evaluation of educational intervention. Further information on the institute and its co-hires can be found: http://icds.psu.edu .
 Desirable Qualifications
 An established record of publication or the promise of such a record of publication
 Evidence of engagement in theoretically-driven research aimed at the development of interventions to support education and improve learning outcomes
 Evidence of excellence in teaching courses on campus and online at the undergraduate and graduate levels in Educational Psychology or a related field (e.g., quantitative research methods, implementation science, or learning theories)
 An established record of receiving competitive grants or the promise of such record of receiving competitive grants to support the development, implementation, and evaluation of educational interventions
 The ability to advise master’s and doctoral graduate students
 Commitment to providing service to the Department, College, University, and professional organizations or other external agencies
 The Pennsylvania State University
 Penn State is a comprehensive, multi-campus research university serving all regions of the Commonwealth, as well as the nation and the world in instruction, research, and service roles that require responsiveness to and support from society's public and private sectors. As a land-grant university, Penn State is responsible for providing a wide array of programs in the professional and technical disciplines, as well as a balanced offering of undergraduate and graduate programs in the arts and sciences. Penn State shares with other major research universities the traditional responsibilities to discover, develop, preserve, and disseminate knowledge. Penn State libraries was also recently ranked 2nd among public university libraries in the USA in the 2015-2016 Association of Research Libraries Library Investment Index.
 The University Park campus is located within State College, PA, which was recently ranked as one of the top college towns in the country by the American Institute for Economic Research. Located in a valley in the Appalachian Mountains, in Centre County, Pennsylvania, employment at Penn State offers incredible opportunity to enjoy the beauty of the central Pennsylvania outdoors combined with the culture, sports, and entertainment a large university community can bring, and is within drivable distance from Washington, DC, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and New York City.
 The College of Education
 The College of Education at Penn State was established in 1923 to deepen and extend knowledge about the formation and utilization of human capabilities. It offers resident degree programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels, online learning programs at the graduate level, as well as an extensive outreach effort aimed at continuing professional development for educators at distant locations. The College's research program is also extensive and College faculty members secured over $36.7 million in external support during the past three years from a wide range of national and state government agencies, private foundations, and corporations. The College's location within a large, research-oriented, land-grant University provides numerous opportunities for studying education from multidisciplinary perspectives in the context of a university-wide commitment to making life better for all citizens.
 The College houses four academic departments: Curriculum and Instruction; Education Policy Studies; Educational Psychology, Counseling, and Special Education; and Learning and Performance Systems. The departments offer eight undergraduate majors to more than 2,250 students and 11 graduate programs, under authority of the Graduate School, to nearly 1,000 students. Recent surveys rank the Penn State College of Education among the top colleges, schools, and departments of education in the United States and the world. The Educational Psychology program’s goal is to conduct translational research through grounded theoretical model building and empirical investigations with overt sensitivities to critical questions of educational importance.
 The Institute for Computational and Data Sciences
 The Institute for Computational and Data Sciences (ICDS; https://icds.psu.edu/ ), one of Penn State’s five university-wide research institutes, connects researchers from numerous disciplines to answer critical scientific questions and societal issues through cyber-enabled research and methodology. ICS has nearly 300 affiliated faculty, with over 20 tenure-track co-hired fellows faculty, engaged in interdisciplinary computation and data enabled research. Our affiliated faculty utilize our operated advanced computing (Roar), Penn State’s high-performance research cloud, which is in the top 15 among our peers.
 Application procedures:
 Applicants must submit: (a) a cover letter discussing your qualifications for the position, (b) current curriculum vitae, (c) up to three representative reprints or preprints of scholarly publications (if available), and (d) three academic reference letters. Upload all requested documents into the Resume/Cover letter file drop area on the application. Once you hit submit you are not able to modify or add documentation. If references would like to email their letters of recommendation directly to Penn State, please have them emailed to Lan Conrad ( bhc13@psu.edu ) with the applicant's name in the subject line.  Applications received by December 23, 2020 are assured full consideration  ; however, applications will be accepted until the position is filled.
 You may direct questions related to this search to:
 Dr. Alexandra List
 Department of Educational Psychology, Counseling, and Special Education
 The Pennsylvania State University
 azl261@psu.edu
 814-863-5727 
 This job announcement is also available in an alternate format. Employment will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies. Penn State is committed to affirmative action, equal opportunity, and the diversity of its workforce.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact 814-865-1473. 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Data Scientist salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,421 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
