
 
 
 
 Lead Data Engineer - Lone Tree, CO 80124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Lead Data Engineer Verizon Lone Tree, CO 80124 Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 We are honored that you are considering Visible as your next place of employment. Visible is the first all-digital wireless carrier in the U.S. Named by Fast Company as one of the most innovative companies in the world, Visible offers unlimited messages, minutes, and data, on Verizon’s Network. Visible is designed to fundamentally change the way millions of consumers sign up for and manage their phone service. Although headquartered in Denver, we have a permanent Work from Home Structure, and our team members work remotely. 
Visible Engineering Team is looking to hire a Lead Data Engineer. As a Lead Data Engineer, you will be solving deep technical problems and building innovative solutions in a fast paced environment working with smart and passionate team members. You’ll drive innovation, profitability, revenue, and business growth opportunities by applying advanced database modeling and implementation skills and follow data architecture design principles to support the generation of insights, metrics, analytics, and self-service business intelligence across Visible. You will be detail oriented, self-directed, self-motivated, with a strong capacity for working successfully and collaboratively with members across the organization. 
Design, build and support data processing pipelines and APIs. 
Gather requirements, design data processes and implement solutions to provide AI and ML insights. 
Collaborate with off-shore data engineers. 
Design and implement ETL mappings and workflows. 
Ensure that code adheres to defined standards and best practices for performance, speed, scalability, and quality. 
Practice Agile development methods and exemplify core Agile values of transparency, collaboration, acceptance of change, and iterative development. 
Routinely deliver working data solutions that meet or exceed specifications and performance goals. 
Facilitate technical conflict resolution with active listening and critical thinking. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Software engineering experience, including Java, Python, and/or related languages. 
Experience with relational database technologies (Postgres, MySql, etc) including SQL. 
Even better if you have: 
A Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field. 
Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP) BigQuery, Dataflow. 
Experience leading large-scale projects. 
ETL or Data cleansing & normalizing. 
Big Data, data analysis, log mining, and automated reporting. 
Experience mentoring and growing data engineers. 
Deep knowledge of Data Modeling / Gap Analysis. 
Experience doing query performance tuning. 
Implemented Machine Learning models (Neural Networks, Deep Learning, TensorFlow) and other Artificial Intelligence techniques. 
Experience with big data stack: Hadoop, HDFS. 
Ability and willingness to learn new technologies quickly. 
Ability to work in a highly collaborative Agile team. 
Demonstrated aptitude and desire to learn new skills. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 Ability to embrace change and work in a fast paced, dynamic environment. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, Stock Together, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $107,200 and $199,200  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 30+ days ago original job Report job Data Engineer jobs in Lone Tree, CO Jobs at Verizon in Lone Tree, CO Data Engineer salaries in Lone Tree, CO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
