
 
 
 
 Research Scientist AI Optimization - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist AI Optimization IBM 30,778 reviews Austin, TX 73301 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
Our team is conducting research at the leading edge of automating AI. Core areas include machine learning, deep learning and decision-making optimization models to enable both the mathematical foundations and the technologies that bring AI automation for decision-making. We specifically seek researchers with strong expertise in the broad space of AI techniques for data-to-decisions, including data-driven reinforcement learning and deep dynamic planning models, automated Machine Learning (AutoML), and algorithms for learning to optimize (L2O). 
 
Especially relevant is 
Research experience in constrained sequential decision-making models and dynamic planning models in discrete and continuous state and action spaces. 
Experience with automation in Reinforcement Learning approaches for hyper parameter optimization of learning configurations and architectures. 
Hands-on experience with deep learning libraries (e.g. RLLIB, stable-baselines, Coach, Reagent/Horizon, Keras-RL, Tensorflow Agents among others), pytorch and tensorflow based implementations for learning formulations and their incorporation into reinforcement learning and planning based models is desired. 
The candidate will work on fundamental research challenges publishing in top conferences such as NeurIPS, AAAI, INFORMS. At the same time the research agenda has a clear path to practical impact. 
 
You must be willing to work in Yorktown Heights, NY or Cambridge, MA 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Proven publication records in top-tier conferences or journals 
Research experience and expertise in the broad areas of machine learning and optimization 
Proficiency and substantial experience with one or more general purpose programming languages and machine learning frameworks 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
None 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Research Scientist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
