
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Siri Understanding - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI/ML - Machine Learning Engineer, Siri Understanding Apple Seattle, WA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 21, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200249694 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Give to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Build groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who built the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Machine Learning & Natural Language team at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Expertise in various facets of machine learning and natural language processing, such as classification, feature engineering, information extraction, structured prediction, clustering, semi-supervised learning, topic modeling and ranking 
Strong programming and software engineering skills (C++, Python or equivalent) 
Hardworking, self-starter, shown ability to run multiple projects to strict deadlines 
Description 
The goal of the Siri Machine Learning & Natural Language team is to take Siri to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced statistical techniques. We work on a wide spectrum of approaches to improving Siri. You would work on core machine learning algorithms and models that are part of Siri’s ability to understand and respond to requests. You would also work on building scalable distributed systems to deliver these models to Siri’s users. You should be passionate about building extraordinary products. This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation. This is a rare opportunity that sits at the state of the art of machine learning and software. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelor's in Computer Science or equivalent Masters or PhD preferred 
Additional Requirements A strong track of publication record in ML/NLP/Speech Prior experience with applying Big Data (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive and/or Pig, Spark) tools to large quantities of textual data is a plus Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
