
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Pullman, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories 204 reviews Pullman, WA Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories 204 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories (SEL) seeks a talented individual for a Data Scientist position. This position will employ data science and artificial intelligence methods, high performance computing, and integration of these methods into software pipelines. The applicant will participate in state-of-the-art research and application of modern data and software techniques to a wide variety of power systems data. Applicants are expected to have a solid basis in a related field and an enthusiasm for innovation and creativity. 
 Applicants must be US citizens for this position. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities
 1. Support SEL's data analytics research efforts.
 
2. Learn and apply machine learning and artificial intelligence methods to power systems data.
 
3. Develop experiments using the scientific method.
 
4. Provide support to engineering staff as needed.
 
5. Continuously identify, measure, and improve processes.
 
6. Follow and apply SEL Values, Principles of Operations, and World Class Manufacturing Principles.
 
7. Understand. Create. Simplify.
 
8. Other duties as assigned. 
 Required Qualifications
 Bachelor of Science (BS) degree in a relevant field such as data science, computer science, or electrical engineering, mathematics, or statistics
 Two or more years work experience in relevant engineering or scientific field
 Strong understanding of fundamental machine learning topics such as feature engineering or dimensionality reduction
 Solid object-oriented programming skills using Python, C#, C++, Matlab or Java
 Strong writing, documentation, and speaking skills
 
Ability to learn new skills and assume new responsibilities
 
Ability to work cooperatively in a team environment
 
Background check results satisfactory to SEL
 
Negative drug test result(s) 
 Preferred Qualifications
 Ability to use revision control and source code management systems such as Git
 Experience in electric power system specific fields such as controls power system modeling
 Experience in applying object detection, computer vision, or time series data analysis
 Experience using cloud computing resources such as Amazon Web Services or Azure 
 Physical Requirements
 None 
 Location Information
 Pullman, WA  - SEL’s corporate office is located in Eastern Washington where you'll enjoy an unmatched quality of life. Enjoy the smaller town life: country space, freedom from traffic, easy access to recreational activities in nearby mountains, rivers, and forests, as well as great schools and universities. 
 An Award Winning Company
 Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) has earned a reputation for quality, reliability, integrity, and service. This has enabled us to expand within both the electric utility and industrial markets in many different industries, markets, and geographies around the world. 
 Communication with Applicants
 SEL sends an initial e-mail response to all applicants at time of résumé or CV submittal. If you do not receive this communication, please check your SPAM filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from SEL. It is important that you ensure your receipt of this e-mail as SEL may communicate future position updates via e-mail. 
 SEL is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/Vets/Disabled. Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Pullman, WA Jobs at Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories in Pullman, WA Data Scientist salaries in Pullman, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories 204 reviews Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories, Inc. (SEL) designs, manufactures, and supports products and services ranging from generator and tran... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
