
 
 
 
 AI/ML Senior Scientist, Computer Vision - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI/ML Senior Scientist, Computer Vision Genentech South San Francisco, CA 94080 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are building the Computer Vision and Deep Learning division within the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Department within Genentech’s Research and Early Development (gRED) organization. The successful candidate will lead the development and execution of novel machine learning methods for analyzing image-like data with the ultimate goal of target discovery. 
The Role: 
You will join the department of AI/ML within Research Biology. Your peers will be machine learning scientists and computational biologists working on different areas of the life sciences. 
You will closely collaborate with pathologists, biologists and bioinformaticians across departments in the organization. 
You will develop machine learning methods for the analysis of image-like dataset, including medical images and spatial multiplexed data. 
You will be expected to contribute to and drive publications, and present results at internal and external scientific conferences. 
Possible management of direct reports, pending experience level of selected candidate 
Qualifications: 
PhD degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Computational Biology, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics), preferably with a thesis on a computer vision-related topic. 
Demonstrated experience with Python and analysis of image-like data. 
Record of achievement, including at least one high impact first author publication or equivalent. 
Excellent communication and collaboration skills. 
Additional Desired Qualifications: 
Fluent with at least one deep learning framework for neural networks (e.g. PyTorch or TensorFlow-Keras). 
Experience with modern semantic/panoptic segmentation modeling techniques, preferably applied to cell segmentation on tissues. 
Experience with the analysis of cell images, with focus on histopathology or cell painting screenings. 
Experience with registration toolkit (e.g. ANTs). 
Post-doctoral experience with at least one first author publication is preferred, but candidates with a strong record of achievement during their graduate studies are encouraged to apply. 
Industry experience as data scientist or ML engineer in a healthcare company. 
Public portfolio of computational projects (available on e.g. GitHub). 
Familiarity with spatial -omic data (e.g. Visium, Slide-seq, *ISH, CODEX, MIBI). 
#LI-GL1 
#gREDinformatics 
#AIScientist Genentech 30+ days ago original job Report job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Computer Vision Engineer salaries in South San Francisco, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
