
 
 
 
 Senior Translational Informatics Analyst - Center for Digital Health - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Senior Translational Informatics Analyst - Center for Digital Health Mayo Clinic Rochester, MN 55901 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Center for Digital Health 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Diversity and inclusion are integral to Mayo Clinic's mission to provide excellent, culturally relevant care in a welcoming environment to patients from a wide variety of backgrounds and creating an inclusive work environment where differences are valued, allowing individuals to achieve and contribute to their fullest potential. This commitment to diversity is woven into the fabric of Mayo Clinic - we embrace these values as we serve our patients, employees, students, suppliers and communities. 
Position description 
Position Description: 
The Artificial Intelligence Innovation and Enable team within the Center for Digital Health at Mayo Clinic is looking for Senior Translational Informatics Analysts. We are building a team of about 20 talented data science and implementation analysts to develop and implement AI models into production use and will serve as a central resource to support or supplement areas on their AI projects. These could be in analytics, finance, clinical care or other domains across the Mayo Clinic enterprise. 
Senior Translational Informatics develop methods to optimize the transformation of increasingly voluminous biomedical data into informatics solutions aligned with clinical practice or business needs. They are experts in the informatics methods used to analyze and translate data into consumable information and knowledge and have deep knowledge of healthcare data types, topics, approaches, and scientific challenges. You will work with subject matter experts and data scientists, software developers, and knowledge engineers to architect translational solutions that derive and represent the knowledge useful to customers. This requires you to have a deep understanding of the ways in which information (i.e. meaningful data) is converted into knowledge. 
As AI evolves and new methods of deriving knowledge are discovered, you will need to identify and develop solutions for new knowledge representations, algorithms and methods that are understandable in clinical practice. This requires a mastery of architecting newly derived knowledge into workflows and will involve designing or redesigning software applications to optimize understanding, utilization, data management, and analysis as required. You will be expected to evaluate the effectiveness of these algorithms in production use and optimize these processes to ensure successful adoption. 
You will study and develop models to translate clinical data, information and knowledge for use by data scientists in complex analytics and algorithms. You will be an expert in the informatics methods used to analyze data and have a deep knowledge of healthcare data types, topics, approaches, and scientific challenges. 
This role requires deep knowledge of data governance principles and best practices, including nomenclature, provenance/pedigree, and data structures. Applies best practices in cataloging and indexing of datasets and algorithms. Takes leadership in development of policy for managing derived data.
 This is a full-time telework role. 
Qualifications 
Qualifications: 
A Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as bioinformatics, clinical informatics, biomedical engineering, computer science, health science Nursing, Pharmacy, and other medical sciences with at least 12 graduate level semester hours in clinical or bioinformatics or seven years or more of translational informatics experience. The preferred candidate will possess a PhD or Master's degree with one year experience in a relevant field such as bioinformatics, clinical informatics, biomedical engineering, computer science, health science, or other analytical/quantitative field and a minimum of one year of professional or research experience in data. The successful candidate will need to have both technical and business background/experience along with strong leadership skills. Good written and oral communication skills are required. Expertise in the use of scientific computing and data management packages. Ability to prioritize, organize, and delegate various tasks on projects. Demonstrated initiative in administration, education (seminars, training), software development, and technical reports. Demonstrated success in project management and communication skills. Develop and optimize complex environments for implementing translational solutions, with respect to the socio-economical, behavioral, and ethical considerations. Drives development of technical ecosystems to effectively leverage the data, identity and integration platforms to enable translation of health IT solutions into the practice. Core competencies in use the underlying technologies of networking, security, and cloud computing. 
Additional qualifications 
Additional Qualifications: 
Draws upon the social, cognitive and behavioral sciences to inform the design and evaluation of informatics solutions. Proficient in human factors design principles and how to apply to clinical informatics. 
License or certification 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Required education, experience, and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The salary range every 2 weeks is approx. $3,854.40-$5,396 based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
M-F, daytime hours 
 100% remote role; employee can work from anywhere in the U.S. 
Weekend schedule 
N/A 
Site description 
Site Description: 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Administration, Business, Finance, IT and Engineering 
Job posting number 
145880BR 
Recruiter 
Laura Percival 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Senior Translator jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Senior Translator salaries in Rochester, MN Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
