
 
 
 
 Image Data Scientist - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Image Data Scientist PureTech Health Boston, MA Job Responsibilities: 
The position is responsible for collecting, organizing and analyzing different types of imaging data in support of research and pre-clinical animal model studies.
 
The candidate will have to work in a highly cross-disciplinary setting to support development and application of methods for analysis of multimodal imaging data- medical imaging, optical imaging, fluorescence and histology data.
 
Provide biological insights via quantitative, statistical and spatial interrogation of the collected data.
 
Employ Machine learning techniques for noise reduction, feature extraction and feature selection
 
Develop customized workflows for analyzing and correlating imaging features with omics and biological phenotypes.
 
Work closely with key members of the R&D team- evaluating and developing customized data analytics tools on cloud.
 
Guide experimental design for spatial and quantification of imaging data.
 
 Qualifications: 
MS/PhD degree in Computational Biology, Data Science, Statistics or any other relevant fields.
 
Proficiency in commuter languages such as MATLAB, Python, R and cloud computing.
 
Familiarity with machine learning skills for building, testing and evaluating predictive and classification models.
 
Working experience analyzing multimodal imaging data- IHC, photon and light sheet microscopy, CT/MR and other new technologies.
 
Experience with 3D and 4D image analysis, data segmentation, 3D reconstruction, data visualization, and big data management and storage.
 
Familiarity with machine learning, neural network and artificial intelligence.
 
Strong presentation and communication skills both verbal and written. PureTech Health 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at PureTech Health in Boston, MA Data Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PureTech Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
