
 
 
 
 Teaching Faculty, School of Technology and Computing (Seattle and Online) - Seattle, WA 98121 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Teaching Faculty, School of Technology and Computing (Seattle and Online) City University of Seattle 30 reviews Seattle, WA 98121 City University of Seattle 30 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Part-time Teaching Faculty, School of Technology and Computing (Seattle and Online) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Category:   Part-Time Teaching Faculty
 
 Department:   School of Technology and Computing 
 
 Locations:   Seattle, WA 
 
 Posted:   Nov 21, 2019 
 
 Closes:   Open Until Filled
 
 Type:   Part-time 
 
 Position ID:   118429 
 
 About City University of Seattle: 
 City University of Seattle (CityU) is a distinguished and comprehensive private nonprofit university and an affiliate of the National University System. We are dedicated to providing accessible, achievable higher education to life-long learners. As a pioneer in digital learning, we have been delivering online education for over 40 years. The U.S. News & World Report ranks CityU among the top schools for online Bachelor's degree programs. CityU is a military and veteran friendly campus. Our alumni fuel the tech industry cross the Greater Seattle metropolitan area, including world-class IT companies like Amazon and Microsoft. 
 About School of Technology and Computing (STC): 
 The School offers diverse programs for Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral students in Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, or Cybersecurity. The School has a plan to develop and deliver BS and MS degrees in Data Science in the near future. The Masters of Cybersecurity program is a CAE-CDE program designated by NSA/DHS. The MS degree programs have ranked #28 in the Best Online Graduate Computer Information Technology Programs in the United States for 2019 by U.S. News & World Report. The School also offers some programs and/or courses in China, Vietnam, and Mexico. 
 
 Job Description: 
 The School of Technology & Computing (STC) is seeking professional adjunct faculty for  Technology and Computing disciplines (Data Science, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Information Systems, and Information Technology) for Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral degree students. Candidates with doctoral degrees can teach in the Doctor of Information Technology (DIT) degree program.  If you are seeking an opportunity of transforming higher education through online technology-fueled innovation for lifelong learners, this is the job for you. 
 Job Summary: 
 Adjunct faculty report to Program Manager or Director. Adjunct faculty are expected to support a quality student experience incorporating their professional experience and engaging teaching techniques into meaningful instruction. Flexibility of teaching on-line, mixed mode, and on-campus classroom settings is available. Cultural awareness, adult learning methodology, and attention to both technology (skills) and computing (knowledge) through mentoring are essential skill sets to ensure student success and to fully prepare CityU STC students for meaningful careers in technology and computing. 
 Part-time Teaching Faculty at City University of Seattle have  three key responsibilities: 
 Striving for excellence in teaching and learning, 
Fostering student development, 
Maintaining currency in their profession. 
 
 Requirements: 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Education: 
 Master Degree from an accredited university in computing or related fields (Data Science, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, Information Technology, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Information Systems) and 
Undergraduate degrees in STEM fields 
 Experience: 
 Must have relevant professional experience. 
Demonstrated ability to provide a learning experience that links application with formal learning and adult learning theory. 
A genuine understanding of the practitioner-faculty model and the importance of providing students with the highest quality educational experience in technology and computing. 
Ability to work in a team-oriented system deal effectively with professional staff, other part-time faculty, lifelong learners, and culturally diverse students. 
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common technical journals and documents. 
Ability to respond to common inquiries or complaints from students, staff members and Faculty/Program Coordinator. 
Ability to effectively present information in writing and orally to students, staff, faculty and university management. 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 Experience as both an online student and an online instructor is desired. 
Experience with Learning Management Systems (LMS) desired. 
Doctoral degree in related technical fields 
Course work in Data Science, Statistics, and/or Artificial Intelligence 
2-3 years of proven experience in Data Science or AI-related research projects 
3-5 years of proven experience in teaching, preferably in both in-class and online modes of educational delivery as a rank of Assistant Professor. 
Two or more years of progressively responsible work in the tech industry 
 
 Additional Information: 
 Salary Information: 
 The Part-time Teaching Faculty salary is based on the level of course (graduate, undergraduate, doctoral), the number of course credits (1-5), and the number of students in class. 
 
 Application Instructions: 
 CityU of Seattle only accepts application materials through this online application process. Please submit a complete application to be considered for this position; a complete application includes: 
 Completed Electronic Application Form 
Current Resume 
Cover Letter 
 Note: A resume does not substitute for a complete application. 
 Once you have created a profile, please remember to record your password. If you use the 'Help Desk' feature, responses will be sent to your Interview Exchange account. Candidates with qualifications and experience most aligned with current needs will be contacted by a hiring manager. Once the position is filled, you will see a status update in your account profile. 
 If you encounter technical problems while applying for a position, please use the 'Help Desk' feature in your Interview Exchange account to submit the issue to technical support. 
 City University of Seattle is allowed to employ only individuals who are eligible to work in the United States or Canada. We are continuously working to build a diverse faculty and staff and strongly encourage inquiries from all qualified individuals interested in becoming part of the CityU team, including those with international or cross-cultural experience. Equal opportunity employer. City University of Seattle 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job School Teacher jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at City University of Seattle in Seattle, WA School Teacher salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from City University of Seattle 30 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
