
 
 
 
 New College Graduate: Autonomous Systems Developer - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications New College Graduate: Autonomous Systems Developer Raytheon Intelligence & Space Cambridge, MA 02138 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  Secret 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  181303BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  05/25/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 State  MA
 Country  United States 
 Help design and develop the next generation of collaborative autonomous systems. BBN Technologies is seeking a scientist/engineer with a breadth of expertise in robotics – from sensors and actuators, class one UAV/UGV platforms, and collaborative swarm algorithms. Be at the forefront of creating the next generation of intelligent systems by joining our team of talented scientists and engineers.
 
 
 What you will do 
 Work with a small team on cutting-edge research and development projects 
 Design and develop prototype software using the latest open-source technologies 
 Receive and incorporate feedback from end users, field tests, and exercises 
 Explore technical possibilities collaboratively with motivated, world class colleagues 
 Deliver practical solutions to complex problems 
 
 What you need 
BS with 2+ years, or MS with 0-2 years 
Degree in computer science or related field 
Strong programming skills and experience with C++, Java, and Python 
Experience with autonomous robotics platforms (drones, UGVs) 
Passion for software engineering practices 
Creative problem solving and ability to build rapid prototypes 
Excellent communication skills
 Position may require some amount of overnight travel 
U.S. person or the ability to obtain an Export Authorization from the appropriate government agency for non-U.S. persons 
 
Additional Skills that would be AWESOME 
 Experience with machine learning frameworks and analytic tools such as Tensorflow, Torch, PyTorch, etc. 
 Experience with computer vision, lidar, point clouds, and/or photogrammetry techniques.
 
 Experience with human-machine interfaces 
 
 Why Us 
BBN Technologies (BBN) is the research company behind many revolutionary advances that we take for granted today. BBN is where email was invented and the first routers were implemented. Today, BBN's scientists and engineers are working to advance the state-of-the-art on topics ranging from machine language translation to quantum cryptography. BBN offers the opportunity to perform exciting and revolutionary research that solves important problems in an exciting, collaborative environment. BBN values work/life balance (as evidence by a normal 40 hour work week), a comfortable work environment (as evidence by offices that have doors and windows and your choice of computer, OS and tools), and a pursuit of research (as evidence by our staffed research library, encouraging publications, and paying people to attend conferences). We are looking for a creative, talented software developer to join our Intelligent Software and Systems group. Work in our group focuses on designing, developing, and deploying new advances in artificial intelligence, cyber security, autonomous systems, virtual technologies and distributed computing to solve challenging problems across a variety of application domains. 
 
Raytheon BBN is proud to offer a comprehensive total compensation package including a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, and competitive benefits package. In addition to protecting your and your family’s health and well-being, we also offer important financial and family friendly benefits to meet your needs.
 
 
Our Work/Life benefits include – Paid Parental Leave – Adoption Assistance – Auto and Home Insurance – Child/Elder Back Up Care – College Coach – Retirement Planning Services – Flexible Work Arrangements - Legal Services – LifeResources – Employee Discount Program – Educational Assistance – Transportation Benefits – and Wellness Reward 
 
 This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 
181303
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 28 days ago original job Report job Developer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Developer salaries in Cambridge, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
