
 
 
 
 Visiting Scientist, AI - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visiting Scientist, AI Facebook 623 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is seeking Visiting Scientists to join our Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research team. Term length would be considered on a case-by-case basis. 
Contribute research that can be applied to Facebook product development 
Currently holding a faculty or government researcher position 
Ph.D. and publications in Machine Learning, AI, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, data science, or related technical fields 
Experience in theoretical and empirical research and for solving problems with research 
Knowledge in a programming language 
Academic publications in the field of machine learning 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 623 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
