
 
 
 
 Scientist, Protein Nutrition – Decatur, IL - Decatur, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Scientist, Protein Nutrition – Decatur, IL Archer Daniels Midland Company Decatur, IL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scientist, Protein Nutrition – Decatur, IL 
 ADM Research 
This is a full-time exempt position. 
 
At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com. 
 
We have an opening for a Scientist, Protein Nutrition at our Corporate Research Center located in Decatur, IL. 
 
We are looking for a highly motivated nutrition scientist to lead research on specialized nutrition solutions! This position involves significant cross-collaboration with external and internal partners, including teams that focus on ingredients and process development, applications, regulatory affairs, marketing, and other Science & Technology specialties. 
 
 Job Responsibilities 
Lead protein nutrition research to generate specialized nutrition solutions with differentiated value. 
Work closely with internal and external partners on the analysis, development, and optimization of science-based protein solutions for sport nutrition, muscle health, weight management, gut health, elderly and medical nutrition, and cognitive nutrition, among others. 
Lead external research collaborations for protein pipeline innovation and growth. 
Scientific support for Specialty Ingredients customers in a timely manner by utilizing an understanding of protein biochemistry, protein nutrition, and the regulatory landscape for applied food science. 
Lead and support the development of protein artificial intelligence tools for food and beverage nutrition research. 
Cross-functional collaboration to increase innovation with scientists focusing on ingredients, flavor, processing, nutrition, sensory, and applications, as well as regulatory, marketing, and commercial teams. 
Skills and Proficiencies 
PhD. in Nutritional Sciences, Food Science & Human Nutrition, or related field of study is required. 
5+ years of protein research experience required. 
Solid understanding of the use of proteins in nutritional foods, beverages, and supplements; protein biochemistry and its impact on health outcomes; nutritional research methodologies; and clinical research and nutrition regulations. 
Understanding of food science and food process and development. 
Ability to work independently and within cross-functional teams on research. 
Excellent written and verbal communication, and good partnership management and interpersonal skills. 
The position requires approximately 30% travel. 
 
Relocation assistance is available with this position. 
 
This position offers a complete benefit package, including 401K/ESOP, pension, health, life, vision, and dental insurance. 
 
ADM requires the successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen and a background check. 
 
ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans’ status. 
 
If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the application process, please send an e-mail to ReasonableAccommodations@adm.com. Include your contact information, a description of the position for which you are applying, and the nature of your requested accommodation. 
 About ADM: 
 At ADM, we unlock the power of nature to provide access to nutrition worldwide. With industry-advancing innovations, a complete portfolio of ingredients and solutions to meet any taste, and a commitment to sustainability, we give customers an edge in solving the nutritional challenges of today and tomorrow. We’re a global leader in human and animal nutrition and the world’s premier agricultural origination and processing company. Our breadth, depth, insights, facilities and logistical expertise give us unparalleled capabilities to meet needs for food, beverages, health and wellness, and more. From the seed of the idea to the outcome of the solution, we enrich the quality of life the world over. Learn more at www.adm.com. 
 EEO 
 ADM is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability and veterans status.
 Ref ID 
 #LI-NA2 Archer Daniels Midland Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Scientist jobs in Decatur, IL Jobs at Archer Daniels Midland Company in Decatur, IL Scientist salaries in Decatur, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
