
 
 
 
 Sr. Artificial Intelligence Solutions Architect - Reston, VA 20190 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Artificial Intelligence Solutions Architect SAIC 2,820 reviews Reston, VA 20190 Remote SAIC 2,820 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $165,001 - $175,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job ID: 217944
 Location:  RESTON , VA , US
 Date Posted:  2021-06-16 
Category:  Engineering and Sciences 
Subcategory:  Solutions Archt 
Schedule:  Full-time 
Shift:  Day Job 
Travel:  Yes, 10 % of the Time 
Minimum Clearance Required:  None 
Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:  None 
Potential for Remote Work:  Yes 
 Description 
 SAIC has an opening for an AI Solutions Architect. Position can be worked 100% remote from anywhere within the U.S. 
 The Artificial Intelligence and Data Solutions Architect serves as the technical lead for executing the relevant activities within the solutioning process in support of Business Development, Capture and Proposal teams.
 Responsible for identifying, tailoring and integrating technical capabilities and innovations to address customer needs, hot buttons, pain points and requirements to help shape acquisitions, competitively position SAIC and contribute to winning proposals. Leveraging domain expertise, the Solutions Architect develops comprehensive understanding of customer requirements and leads the development of a complete and highest rated technical solution and price competitive proposal.
 Solutions Architect identifies technical resource needs to support Pre-B&P and B&P activities; coordinates with team member technical leadership and technical contributors on solution development, proposal writing, and estimating; and leads and contributes to proposal as author and reviewer. Solution Architect supports capture with customer meetings by presenting SAIC's capabilities, services and solutions.; participates in development of solutions to problems of unusually complex which require a high degree of ingenuity and innovation; and collaborates with Horizontal Business units to craft unique solutions to respond to customer challenges that may also serve precedent for future opportunities and decisions. 
 Qualifications 
 TYPICAL EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:
 Bachelors and 12 or more experience; additional experience in lieu of a degree will be considered 
 
 KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS AND ABILITY: 
 Demonstrated expertise providing innovative solutions in Artificial Intelligence, Robotics Processing Automation, Analytics, and Data Management/Science. 
 Expert level written and verbal communication skills 
 Previous experience supporting Civilian/Federal Agencies, DoD or the Intelligence community 
 Extensive proposal experience leading or supporting technical solution development on numerous $100M opportunities 
 Understanding of technology methodologies, best practices, delivery models or frameworks relevant to individuals domain area expertise 
 Demonstrated leadership capability to organize and lead team 
 
 POSITION LOCATION: 
 Telework with ability to travel to Reston, VA or other locations as needed in support of customer engagements, solution development and proposal efforts. 
 
Target salary range: $165,001 - $175,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors. 
SAIC is a premier technology integrator solving our nation's modernization and readiness challenges. Our offerings across defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets include high-end solutions in engineering, IT, and mission outcomes. We integrate the best components from our portfolio with our partner's ecosystem to deliver innovative and effective solutions. We are 25,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. Headquartered in Reston, VA, SAIC has annual revenues of nearly $7.1 billion. For information, visit saic.com or Working at SAIC for benefits details. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer empowering people no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and respectful work culture that values all. SAIC 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Solution Architect jobs in Reston, VA Jobs at SAIC in Reston, VA Senior Solution Architect salaries in Reston, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SAIC SAIC 2,820 reviews SAIC® is a premier Fortune 500® technology integrator driving our nation’s technology transformation. Our robust portfolio of offerings a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
