
 
 
 
 Associate Consultant - Plano, TX 75024 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Consultant Synopsys 262 reviews Plano, TX 75024 Synopsys 262 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company 30345BR 
 USA - Texas - Plano
 Job Description and Requirements 
 As Synopsys engages with clients in the application of our software security improvement methodologies, the Associate Security Consultant joins in the execution and delivery of planned project deliverables and milestones that assist clients in learning, understanding, and applying Synopsys's secure software development methodologies. 
 
 Essential Functions 
You will be responsible for applying software engineering skills to assist teams in the completion of client engagements. 
Typical tasks span activities in the software development lifecycle including requirements analysis, development, testing, debugging, and analysis of software. 
You will employ sound communication skills interacting with clients to understand problems and provide solutions. 
You will often be responsible for writing analysis results in sections of final reports as part of deliverables to clients. 
Roles Include: 
Source Code Analysis 
Software Penetration Testing 
Architecture Security Analysis 
Secure Software Design and Architecture 
Application Reverse Engineering 
Network Security Analysis 
Database Security Analysis 
Qualifications/Requirements 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent, Master’s Degree preferred. 
Familiarity with software security weakness, vulnerability, and secure code review a plus. 
Familiarity with software attack and exploitation techniques a plus. 
Familiarity with at least one software programming language and framework a plus. 
Experience with.NET, Java, multiple OS and RDBMS. 
Experience with other languages (e.g. JavaScript, Python, Ruby, PHP, Perl, COBOL, SQL, or Assembly) (Desired). 
Experience conducting secure code review a plus. 
Experience performing web application penetration testing a plus. 
Ability to interface with clients, utilizing consulting and negotiating skills. 
Ability to undertake and complete tasks independently, meet schedules and delivery timelines, and to move swiftly from concepts and theory to action. 
Ability to collaborate with project team members, take direction from the project lead and execute tasks consistently. 
Written communication skills for use in preparing formal documentation. 
Verbal skills that include the ability to clearly articulate thoughts and to deliver presentations. 
Ability to persuade. 
Enthusiasm and commitment along with professional interpersonal skills and an entrepreneurial drive. 
Willingness to travel 20-50%. 
Synopsys Software Integrity Group was named a leader for 2020 in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing (AST) in recognition of our vision and ability to execute. Security and risk management leaders will need to meet tighter deadlines and test more-complex applications by integrating and automating AST in the software life cycle eliminating risk before it puts them at risk. Every business runs on software, and defects in software create risk. We’ve curated the most powerful products and services to create one comprehensive platform that enables our customers to detect and remediate defects across their entire SDLC. Learn more: https://www.synopsys.com/software-integrity.html 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Software Security Consulting
 Country 
 United States
 Job Subcategory 
 Security Consulting
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Consultant jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Synopsys in Plano, TX Associate Consultant salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 262 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
