
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Photos - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Photos Apple 10,251 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 9, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200126510 
Do you have a passion for building the best photo app experience in the world?
iPhone is the most popular camera in the world. Seamless integration of software and hardware has delivered magical experiences like Photos Memories and Portrait Mode. The Camera & Photos team leverages privacy-respecting machine learning technologies to ship emotional experiences to hundreds of millions of users worldwide.
We are looking for an exceptional software engineer to develop innovative applications and infrastructure for the next generation of deeply personal products we deliver. If you thrive on problems at the intersection of algorithms, applied machine learning, and backend engineering this position will excite and inspire you. 
Key Qualifications 
- Excellent analytical, problem solving, and communication skills - Experience with Apple system level APIs and frameworks Objective-C / Swift Asynchronous programming Excellent algorithmic background 
- Applied Artificial Intelligence savvy (Data Mining / Machine Learning) - Knowledge Graph experience desirable Ability and desire to learn new skills and take on new tasks 
Description 
The role includes but is not limited to:
- Analyzing, researching, and evaluating algorithmic models for Photos features related to Photos For You, Memories, Search, and People.
- Prototyping, designing, developing, and shipping new personalized experiences.
- Working cross-functionally to connect knowledge across the platform and create intelligent customer-facing features.
- Performing quality assurance and testing of the developed routines and applications. 
Education & Experience 
B.S. / M.S in Computer Science or equivalent experience Apple 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
