
 
 
 
 Cyber Security Consultant (life Science) - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cyber Security Consultant (life Science) PA Consulting Group 78 reviews Boston, MA PA Consulting Group 78 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Become part of the team 
 Are you passionate about helping health technology organisations design, develop and deploy sophisticated and innovative solutions? We help our clients develop innovative services that improve outcomes, take care closer to home and deliver a great patient experience. 
 
Tomorrow's healthcare system will not be like today's. The coming changes will be shaped by a myriad of influences: shifting preferences, innovative technologies and new economic models, to name a few. 
 
We bring a rich mix of insight and expertise to your challenges by combining our knowledge and experience across healthcare, life sciences and medical technologies. Our priority is to build lasting partnerships with our clients. 
 
Every organisation wants to improve the way it works and make best use of new technology. Today that means use of digitisation, automation, and artificial intelligence to harness efficiencies and new routes to users. All of this needs to be done in a way that protects individuals’ data and builds security into both the systems and the mindset. As we grow our Cyber Transformation capability we are looking for dynamic and compelling individuals who can help clients understand the potential benefits of trusted digitisation enabled by digital trust and good cyber security. 
 What we're looking for 
 Ability to work with HLS clients, helping them to structure their thinking in order to identify key requirements, challenges, opportunities and aspirations for the organisation 
 Taking accountability for the delivery of technical cyber security engagements and leading multiple engagements on a day to day basis 
 Leading sales and business development initiatives in the HLS sector and acting as an integral part of the broader Digital Trust and Cyber Security leadership team 
 Building and managing excellent networks and client relationships (typically at CIO, CFO, COO, CISO or Head of Technology level) across a range of organisations within the HLS sector 
 Commercially aware and with industry relationships that will enable achievement of revenue in the region of £1.5+ million per year 
 Strong interpersonal and stakeholder engagement skills at all levels up to Board level and strong network across HLS leaders 
 Trusted and respected leader with the ability to build and run a highly effective team that delivers client outcomes and develops the team and individuals 
 Experience and knowledge of the regulatory environment facing clients; with a particular focus on cyber security and privacy relevant regulations 
 Qualification such as CISSP, CISM, and CIPP/E preferred 
 
 Benefits 
 Full Benefit Package 
 About us 
 Bringing Ingenuity to Life 
 
We’re an innovation and transformation consultancy that believes in the power of ingenuity to build a positive-human future in a technology-driven world. Our diverse teams of experts combine innovative thinking with breakthrough-technologies to progress further, faster. 
 
With a global network of FTSE 100 and Fortune 500 clients, we’ll offer you unrivalled opportunities for growth and the freedom to excel. Combining strategies, technologies and innovation, we turn complexity to opportunity and deliver enduring results, enabling you to build a lasting career. 
 
We believe that diversity makes us a stronger firm and look to employ people with different ideas, styles and skillsets. This diversity stimulates a rich, creative environment – one in which our people develop, and our clients enjoy enduring results. We’re committed to recruiting, promoting and rewarding our people solely based on their ability to contribute to PA’s goals, without regard to their sex, race, disability, religion, national origin, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age or marital status. 
 
 
We welcome international applications, but we are unable to offer sponsorship for work permits, so you will need to have the full right to live and work in the UK. Unfortunately, your application will be automatically rejected if you do not have these rights. 
 Inclusion & Diversity 
 We believe that diversity makes us a stronger firm and look to employ people with different ideas, styles and skillsets. This diversity stimulates a rich, creative environment – one in which our people develop, and our clients enjoy enduring results. We’re committed to recruiting, promoting and rewarding our people solely based on their ability to contribute to PA’s goals, without regard to their sex, race, disability, religion, national origin, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age or marital status. 
 
We welcome international applications, but we are unable to offer sponsorship for work permits, so you will need to have the full right to live and work in the UK. Unfortunately, your application will be automatically rejected if you do not have these rights. 
 
Should you need any adjustments to the recruitment process, at either application or interview, please contact us on recruitmentenquiries@paconsulting.com PA Consulting Group 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Life Science Consultant jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at PA Consulting Group in Boston, MA Life Science Consultant salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PA Consulting Group PA Consulting Group 78 reviews We believe in the power of ingenuity to build a positive human future in a technology-driven world.

As strategies, technologies and in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
