
 
 
 
 Global Marketing Campaign Director ( Remote U.S ) - Pleasanton, CA 94566 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global Marketing Campaign Director ( Remote U.S ) Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Pleasanton, CA 94566 Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  Global Marketing Campaign Director  resident. This role is remote and can be based anywhere in the US. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Position Summary 
The Global Marketing Campaign Director will plan and develop multi-channel, integrated marketing campaigns to align with corporate campaign strategy and objectives to build awareness, drive demand, accelerate pipeline, and support client expansion.
 The Global Marketing Campaign Director owns and manages the campaign process – from setting campaign goals, defining the audience framework, creating campaign themes and messaging, building the campaign hierarchy and content mapping, and delivering marketing mix recommendation and program strategy.
 This requires a leader with demonstrated ability to drive strategy, and a proven understanding / experience combining high level, global marketing goals and overall campaign objectives and business KPIs. The ideal candidate will be an expert communicator and leader, be able to effectively work with cross-marketing functions to lead the planning process, as well as other stakeholders in management and sales . 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
Leads the strategic planning and development of integrated campaign initiatives incorporating central marketing and field/regional input 
Creates campaigns that support marketing initiatives and goals through thoughtful and collaborative, proactive planning
 Work with product marketing, sales and other stakeholders to shape campaign goals, audience segmentation, themes and messaging and campaign hierarchy, and program strategy and marketing mix for a yearlong timeframe 
Document the responsibilities of various functions during the campaign planning process 
Coordinate with key functions as they fulfill the programs that comprise a campaign (reputation, demand creation, sales enablement, market intelligence) 
Act as an authority for questions on campaign priorities, responsibilities, resources and timing 
Partner with Marketing Leadership to define budgets, metrics and measures of success of campaigns ensuring alignment with marketing strategy roadmap 
Work with internal and external partners to manage status of projects, delivery against business goals, and track changes to marketing strategies 
Author briefs and lead team to initiate workflow process with the Creative team and/or external agencies 
Demonstrate diligence, attention to detail and establishment of best practices throughout the full marketing campaign life cycle 
Prepare Senior Leadership Team level presentations and plans on a regular basis 
Develop, grow, and maintain relationships with internal teams through exceptional collaboration and leadership 
Help manage and the lead the delivery of campaign artifacts, and all relevant campaign documentation in preparation for campaign launch 
Partner with Analytics team on campaign measurement reporting and insights generation 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Location 
Remote, US 
Education 
Bachelor’s degree in communications or marketing, Master’s degree/MBA preferred 
Experience 
10-15 years of of Global Marketing Experience 
5+ Recent demonstrated success leading Global Marketing Campaign Strategy 
Skills 
Strong leadership, teamwork and leadership management skills, including working across functional lines 
Strong understanding of demand creation in B-to-B organization 
Experience in developing marketing plans and campaigns 
Proven track record of achieving ROI through large-scale marketing campaigns 
Displays excellent written and verbal communication skills both in a collaborative office environment and virtually as needed 
Proactive, decisive project manager able to multitask and prioritize concurrent projects 
Dynamic speaker, confident in front of large audiences 
Willing to wear multiple hats, able to deliver high-quality results in an ambiguous and rapidly changing business environment 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. Rimini Street, Inc. 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Marketing jobs in Pleasanton, CA Jobs at Rimini Street in Pleasanton, CA Director of Marketing salaries in Pleasanton, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
