
 
 
 
 Research Physical Scientist - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Physical Scientist US Agricultural Research Service Miami, FL Job details Salary $82,540 - $150,777 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This position is located in the United States Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service, Subtropical Horticulture Research Station with one vacancy in Miami, Florida. 
 
The incumbent will conduct laboratory and field research to develop and implement novel high-tech solutions for improved detection and monitoring of tropical and subtropical fruit pests, particularly the Oriental fruit fly ( Bactrocera dorsalis ) and other invasive fruit flies in the family Tephritidae. 
 Responsibilities 
 Develop, evaluate, and apply 'next generation' technologies to improve detection and monitoring of adult fruit fly populations in the field by using automated systems not requiring regular human intervention to count and identify trap captures; 
 Improve post-harvest detection of larval infestation within host fruit by using non-destructive imaging and/or chemical sampling techniques; 
 Evaluate applications of robotics, unmanned aerial drones, artificial intelligence (AI), and nanotechnology as warranted for improving pest detection networks. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 15
 Job family (Series) 
 1301 General Physical Science
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 You must be a US Citizen or US National 
 Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt 
 Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check 
 Successful completion of one-year probationary period, unless previously served. 
 Direct Deposit - Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution 
 Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit E-Verify at https://www.e-verify.gov/ 
 Qualifications 
 Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement including specialized experience and/or education, as defined below. 
 
 Basic Requirements 
 Degree:  physical science, engineering, or mathematics that included 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics. 
 
 OR 
 
 Combination of education and experience:  education equivalent to one of the majors shown above that included at least 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science, plus appropriate experience or additional education. 
 
 AND 
 
 In addition to meeting the basic requirements described above, applicants must also meet additional qualification requirements as stated below. 
 
 AT THE GS-12: 
 GS-12:  Applicants must demonstrate at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service or possess a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or possess an equivalent combination of graduate level education and experience. Graduate education must be directly related to the work of the position and must have equipped applicants with the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work. 
 
Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. The specialized experience requirements for the GS-12 level of this position are:  experience conducting research on trapping and detection systems for invasive insect pests; maintaining laboratory colonies of test insects; and planning and conducting independent research and reporting results in peer-reviewed journals. 
 
 AT THE GS-13: 
 GS-13:  Applicants must demonstrate at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. The specialized experience requirements for the GS-13 level of this position are:  experience conducting research on trapping and detection systems for invasive insects (i.e. tropical fruit flies); maintaining laboratory colonies of test insects; planning and conducting independent complex research and reporting results in peer-reviewed journals; and promoting research products and research programs to customer or stakeholder groups. 
 
 AT THE GS-14: 
 GS-14:  Applicants must demonstrate at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-13 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. The specialized experience requirements for the GS-14 level of this position are:  experience leading complex team research on trapping and detection systems for invasive insects (i.e. tropical fruit flies); maintaining laboratory colonies of test insects; planning and conducting independent complex research and reporting results in peer-reviewed journals; and promoting research products and research programs to customer or stakeholder groups. 
 
 
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. 
 
 To further support your qualifications, it is strongly recommended that you submit a one-page abstract of your MS thesis and/or Ph.D. dissertation. Failure to do so could result in loss of your consideration/referral. Also, please submit a list of names, addresses, and phone numbers of persons familiar with your stature, contributions, recognition; any honors or awards received; memberships in professional or honor societies; invitations to make presentations at scientific/technical meetings; scientific society office and committee assignments; presentations (other than invitation); and publications. 
 Education 
 Additional information 
 **This Position is being filled through OPM's government-wide Direct-Hire Authority for this occupation and is open to all U.S. Citizens. Your application will be evaluated for basic eligibility and to determine if your experience and/or education meet the minimum qualification requirements described in this announcement. All applicants who meet the minimum qualifications and other basic requirements will be referred and are eligible for selection. ** 
 
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified based on an evaluation of the following competencies:
 
 Entomology 
 Research 
 Technical Competence 
 Writing 
 Planning and Evaluating 
 To be well-qualified, applicants must possess experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position and must be proficient in most of the requirements of the job. 
 
Recruitment or Relocation Incentive may be authorized. Final determination to pay an incentive will be made by the hiring official at time of job offer. 
 Selections made under this authority will be processed as new appointments to the civil service. Current civil service employees would therefore be given a new appointment to the civil service. 
 
If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management. However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed. 
 
This position may be eligible to telework up to four days per week, based upon the duties of the position. This position may also be eligible for flexible work arrangements as determined by agency policy and any applicable collective bargaining agreements. 
 
This position is covered by a Bargaining Unit Agreement. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
This is a Direct Hire Authority position. All applicants who meet the minimum qualifications, to include any selective placement factor(s), if applicable, will be referred to the selecting official. Before a certificate is issued to the selecting official, the resume is reviewed to ensure that you meet all the qualification requirements. A rating will not be used; veterans' preference does not apply due to the existence of the Direct Hire authority for this position. 
 
Note: All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated by a resume. If, upon review, it is determined that your resume and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be removed from consideration. 
 
Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the "Apply" button to the right. 
 
To view the application form, visit:https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11134996 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.
 
 Resume that includes:1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications. 
 If education is required or you are using education to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, you will be required to submit official transcripts prior to entering on duty. Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation. 
 Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330. 
 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 Applications will be accepted from any U.S. citizen. Direct Hire Authority will be used to fill this position. Veterans Preference and traditional rating and ranking of applicants does not apply to this vacancy. usajobs.gov 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at US Agricultural Research Service in Miami, FL Research Scientist salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Agricultural Research Service Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
