
 
 
 
 Insider Threat Senior Analyst - Ashburn, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Insider Threat Senior Analyst State Street 2,902 reviews Ashburn, VA State Street 2,902 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are looking for
 State Street seeks to recruit an Insider Threat Analyst responsible for a variety of functions within the insider threat program at State Street. This team will work with the core Global Cyber Security teams, Global Security, Enterprise Continuity Services, and infrastructure teams to analyze, remediate, and develop new controls related to insider threats. This position requires creativity, quick reaction, interview experience, and technical expertise to protect the bank’s assets. Join us in evolving our insider threat and capabilities to shape a pro-active, threat intelligence driven fusion model to protect State Street, its customers and partners from the ever evolving and sophisticated global threat actors.
 What you will be responsible for
 As an Insider Threat Analyst you will
 Conduct comprehensive analysis in support of the insider threat mandate
 Aggregate, analyze and evaluate available data to evaluate insider threat risk
 Develop new controls based on root cause and contributing factor analysis
 Extract and organize data to build metrics, reports, case studies and trend reports
 Conduct analysis of incidents and present findings to a variety of audiences, including senior decision makers
 Prepare and produce situational awareness and warning reports related to insider threat
 Develop insider threat training aids, course work, and present insider threat training to a variety of audiences
 Provide analysis on investigations involving insiders and support the investigative process
 What we value
 These skills will help you succeed in this role
 Strong understanding of Insider Threat pinciples
 Strong understanding of behavior analytics platforms
 Strong problem solving and analytical skills
 Virtual leadership experience with ability to effectively drive results, provide feedback/direction, and manage and build relationships with leaders and team members in a geographically dispersed team environment
 Knowledge and understanding of data organizing or structuring complex data across varied data sources
 Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and prioritizing skills
 Education & Preferred Qualifications
 10+ years of experience with insider threat investigations and monitoring demonstrated through work, military, or education
 5+ years of experience with cyber threat detection platforms
 5+ years of experience using ticket tracking tools for change management, problem and incident management, and availability management, demonstrated through work, military, or education
 3+ years of experience with insider threat detection platforms
 Strong background in intelligence and/or investigations preferred
 Why this role is important to us
 Our technology function, Global Technology Services (GTS), is vital to State Street and is the key enabler for our business to deliver data and insights to our clients. We’re driving the company’s digital transformation and expanding business capabilities using industry best practices and advanced technologies such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics process automation.
 We offer a collaborative environment where technology skills and innovation are valued in a global organization. We’re looking for top technical talent to join our team and deliver creative technology solutions that help us become an end-to-end, next-generation financial services company.
 Join us if you want to grow your technical skills, solve real problems and make your mark on our industry.
 About State Street
 What we do.  State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
 Work, Live and Grow.  We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
 Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility.  We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
 State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
 Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers State Street 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Insider jobs in Ashburn, VA Jobs at State Street in Ashburn, VA Insider salaries in Ashburn, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from State Street State Street 2,902 reviews From technology and product innovation to corporate responsibility and community development, we’re making our mark on the financial serv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
