
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Associate - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Associate MIT 374 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 MIT 374 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Temporary Full Job Description Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity. 
 
 POSTDOCTORAL ASSOCIATE ,  Laboratory for Nuclear Science (LNS ), to work on the LHCb experiment at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN. The MIT-LHCb group, which is led by Professor Mike Williams, is currently focused on searches for new low-mass particles, including dark photons and axion-like particles; the high-level trigger (HLT); and studies of QCD phenomenology. Will be expected to dedicate substantial effort to the fully software-based trigger system to be employed by LHCb in Run 3, including the GPU-based Allen project. 
 
There will also be opportunities to participate in any part of the group’s activities, including the option of becoming a member of the NSF AI Institute for Artificial Intelligence and Fundamental Interactions IAIFI). 
 
 Job Requirements 
 
 REQUIRED : Ph.D. in physics, preferably experimental particle or nuclear physics or in a related field; and strong interest in HLT (software/algorithm) development.  Job #19544 
 
Review of applications will begin at the time of receipt and the position will remain open until filled. To ensure full consideration, please apply by June 11, 2021. Interested candidates should submit a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and a brief statement of research interests and experience. In addition, they should arrange for three letters of recommendation to be sent to Professor Michael Williams at mwill@mit.edu. Any questions may also be directed to Professor Williams. 
 
The appointment will initially be for one year, with the expectation of being renewed for additional one-year increments contingent upon satisfactory performance and available funding. 
 
The position can be based at CERN or MIT. MIT 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at MIT in Cambridge, MA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT MIT 374 reviews The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
