
 
 
 
 Product Manager, Machine Learning - Los Angeles, CA 90291 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager, Machine Learning Snapchat 44 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90291 Snapchat 44 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.
 The Product team uses creativity, insights, and operational excellence to steer our product vision across Snap Inc. This team of designers, scientists, and product managers work in a highly collaborative environment to build the products and experiences that bring our community together in new and special ways.
 We're looking for a Product Manager to join the Product team!
 What you’ll do:
 Develop and launch machine learning centric products and services that drive value to our users, advertisers, and our company
 Define goals and own the results for your product area
 Manage a long-term roadmap for your product area including internal tools, data and analytics
 Solicit ideas and feedback, gather requirements, write specs, create wireframes and workflows, and coordinate cross-functionally
 Drive strategic product decisions via evaluation of market trends and customer feedback and perform meticulous retrospective and prospective analysis of product performance
 Become the internal voice and representative for your machine learning powered products
 Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
 Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
 Excellent interpersonal skills with a high attention to detail
 Familiarity with SQL, Python, R, Minitab, or SPSS
 Minimum Qualifications:
 BA/BS in a related field such as computer science, electrical engineering, mathematics, physics, or economics or equivalent years of experience
 3+ years of product management or product marketing experience at a consumer or enterprise technology company
 Deep knowledge of machine learning/artificial intelligence/computer vision
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Background building and applying ML technologies to large scale problems
 Experience with product design, software development, or interaction design
 Familiarity with SQL, Python, R, Minitab, or SPSS
 At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com.
 Our Benefits : Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long-term success! Snapchat 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Snapchat in Los Angeles, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Snapchat 44 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
