
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - AI/ML - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - AI/ML Intel 5,454 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Intel 5,454 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Join Intel-and build a better tomorrow. Intel is in the midst of an exciting transformation, with a vision to create and extend computing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth. So join us-and help us create the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come. 
Human and AI Systems Research (HAR) Lab in Intel Labs focuses on multi-disciplinary research spanning ethnography, design, HCI and AI to create Human/AI collaborative systems that can amplify human potential and create sustainable and transparent AI solutions. We utilize multi-modal signals (e.g. vision, audio, speech, language , physiology) and AI to infer and predict human state and actions and enable contextual learning for physically situated recognition, dialog and interactions. We conduct fundamental and applied research in the context of vertical domains including manufacturing, education, enterprise, and assistive computing. 
 
Intel Labs is an industry-leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline, product innovations, and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. 
 
HAR is looking for a full time Researcher with experience at the intersection of machine learning and human computer interaction domain who can lead and/or collaborate on research projects being conducted in one or more of HAR's interdisciplinary focus areas. The successful candidate will be working on researching, developing, prototyping, and deployment of new AI applications. You should have a strong interest and relevant experience in artificial intelligence, data processing, cognitive computing, machine learning, and related technologies. Additional skills needed are strong analytical and problem solving skills, self-motivation, learning mindset, and resiliency. In this position you will have the opportunity to conduct independent research on building AI system for real world applications. Working with real data, you will be researching fundamental concepts and methods such as deep learning, explainable AI, building, evaluating, and implementing proofs-of-concepts and working systems that will allow for the deployment of scalable apps in real world personal or industrial settings. This research will enable validation of the ideas and the publication of findings in both internal and external venues. 
What we offer: 
We give you opportunities to transform technology and create a better future, by delivering products that touch the lives of every person on earth. 
As a global leader in innovation and new technology, we foster a collaborative, supportive, and exciting environment where the brightest minds in the world come together to achieve exceptional results. 
We offer a competitive salary and financial benefits such as bonuses, life and disability insurance, opportunities to buy Intel stock at a discounted rate, and Intel stock awards (eligibility at the discretion of Intel Corporation). 
We provide benefits that promote a healthy, enjoyable life: excellent medical plans, wellness programs, and amenities, time off, recreational activities, discounts on various products and services, and much more creative perks that make Intel a Great Place to Work! 
We're constantly working on making a more connected and intelligent future, and we need your help. Change tomorrow. Start today! 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience would be obtained through a combination of prior education level classes, and current level school classes, projects, research, and relevant previous job and internship experience. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field 
1+ Publication in top-tier Machine Learning, HCI, Vision, and/or Ubiquitous Computing conferences/journals 
1+ years' experience in application of state-of-the-art Machine Learning methods on real projects 
2+ years' experience in Python and/or other programming languages, and Linux OS 
Preferred Qualifications: 
1+ years experience in (Data/Dev/ML)Ops software pipelines based on in-depth understanding of target platforms, AI lifecycle, and business needs. 
1+ years experience in novel paradigms beyond supervised learning, such as weakly supervised multimodal learning, Human in the loop approach, GAN, and unsupervised methods. 
1+ years experience in full end-to-end AI life circle including problem definition, data acquisition/processing, modeling, and deployment/serving/monitoring/maintenance. 
1+ years experience in Deep Learning based techniques and programming frameworks. 
1+ years experience in deployment of AI software solution, transiting ML models into production environments. 
1+ years experience with cloud Computing and Distributed Software design and development. 
Inside this Business Group 
Intel Labs is the company's world-class, industry leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Oregon, Hillsboro 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Research Scientist salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,454 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
