
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Scientist - NLP, Siri Understanding - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Scientist - NLP, Siri Understanding Apple 10,251 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 10, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200211268 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, natural language, big data, and artificial intelligence. And work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri Text-to-Speech (TTS) Engineer team at Apple. The Siri team is looking for exceptional engineers passionate about delighting customer’s experience, by producing cutting edge applications and technologies.
The AI/ML - Siri Text-to-Speech (TTS) team is looking for exceptional Machine Learning Engineers passionate about delivering delightful customer experiences with Siri voices and expand to new applications. The opportunities include developing a cutting edge run-time system, pushing the envelope on machine learning based natural language processing in TTS and deploying AI/ML models to benefit millions of users.
Position can be located in US or UK. 
Key Qualifications 
Expertise in various facets of ML and NLP, such as conversational dialogue systems, natural language generation, question-answering, information retrieval, and text summarization 
Knowledge of and hands-on experience with common ML frameworks 
Strong programming skills with proven experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions 
A passion for making ML methods robust and scalable 
Ability to explain and present analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience 
Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, innovation, and respect for user privacy 
Creative, collaborative, and innovation focused 
Description 
As a member the AI/ML - Siri Text-to-Speech (TTS) team at Apple, you will use your deep understanding of natural language processing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to tackle meaningful technical problems, collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world, and transfer your ideas into solutions in the next generation of Apple products. You will perform fundamental research by defining, designing, implementing and evaluating algorithms involving unrivaled data and objectives. You will also actively engage with the academic community by collaborating with universities, publishing and presenting your work, and attending conferences. 
Education & Experience 
PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related fields. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
