
 
 
 
 Sr. Associate, HR Category - Pennsylvania - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Associate, HR Category Globality, Inc. Pennsylvania Remote At Globality, we're proud to embody the core values of innovation, collaboration, and trust in both our culture and product.
 
We're creating ground-breaking technology utilizing a world-class, AI-powered Platform that revolutionizes how businesses buy and sell services. We are an open, inclusive, and diverse organization and our employees are at the heart of the great products we create.
 
We've raised over $310M and are supported by an impressive group of prominent investors, including Al Gore and SoftBank Vision Fund. Our co-founders, Joel Hyatt and Lior Delgo, are seasoned entrepreneurs who bring an extensive business-building experience to our organization. Our impressive board includes Dennis Nally (former Global Chairman of PwC) and Ron Johnson (former SVP of Apple).
 
We're excited to deliver the best in both innovative technologies and customer-focused experiences to realize our mission of creating a more inclusive global economy. Come help us build something great!
 
 About the team: 
Our HR Services category team is responsible for driving adoption of the Globality Platform, particularly for HR Services for our client organizations. As part of our broader Category teams, they help ensure our customers are getting the best possible experience on the Globality Platform: through developing great content, training the platform, feature development, building out our offering, and much, much more. The teams are vital conduits between clients, providers and teams of Globality technologists and delivery experts in multiple locations across the globe.
 
 Role Summary: 
As an Associate on the HR Services team, you will help market and match cutting-edge HR providers with live client opportunities, improve our Artificial Intelligence and Natural Language Processing among other product capabilities with your subject matter expertise, and assist our Provider Success team in building out our Globality Service Provider network with the best medium sized and boutique consulting firms around the Globe.
 
You will be a key part of our rapidly growing team and will play an essential role in helping us scale-up our activities. HR Services is one of our newest sectors, and as such this role will touch on many elements of our operations – including customer enablement, delivery of our core value proposition, developing HR content and ensuring the success of service providers within our network.
 
 What you will be doing: 
 Typical activities in this role include: 
Interfacing with client leaders and Platform users to guide them on how to best leverage Globality and manage their HR services spend
 
Translating customer needs and feedback into meaningful insights to drive innovation within our product
 
Developing and improving content that the Platform presents to our HR users
 
Designing, refining, and embedding best practices across our operations and within our service provider network
 
Conducting research and helping to expand and improve our marketplace and technology
 
Supporting the growth of our AI engine and Machine Learning teams by providing subject matter expertise and guidance to ongoing innovation efforts
 
As a core member of our team, you will get all the training, coaching, and support you need to do your job. We'll invest in your development and help you succeed.
 
What we are looking for
 
 You'll be a good fit for this role if you: 
Have 3+ years of experience in solving complex business problems, ideally with a technology, HR or procurement lens
 
Are passionate about using, learning, and explaining technology platforms or services. From big data to matching algorithms, you are curious and excited about continuously improving your understanding of how these technologies work and what they enable
 
Are a "professional driver" and can focus on the big picture while executing with a high level of detail, understanding the context and motivations of others
 
Are intellectually curious, actively seek stretch opportunities and feedback, and are comfortable with uncertainty and change
 
Are energetic and mission-driven with an optimistic, can-do attitude and a passion for our mission to increase economic inclusion
 
Are gritty, courageous, and persistent to get the right things done in the face of adversity
 
Are a natural team player who cares about and assumes positive intent from others, and you behave in an authentic, honest, and straightforward way
 
Are a champion of diversity and equal opportunity, respecting and showing a keen interest in divergent backgrounds and styles
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and a participant in the E-Verify program. We believe diversity makes teams better and that discrimination based on race, gender, or anything else is self-defeating. Globality, Inc. 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Human Resources Associate jobs in Pennsylvania Jobs at Globality in Pennsylvania Senior Human Resources Associate salaries in Pennsylvania Company Info Follow Get job updates from Globality, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
