
 
 
 
 System Software Manager, Computer Vision - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Software Manager, Computer Vision NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a System Software Manager - Computer Vision!
 As the top tier artificial intelligence computing company, we are paving the way with innovations in self-driving cars, machine learning, super-computing, gaming, and visualization. We are building a team that will truly change the world, and we would love for you to join us. We are hiring for the position of system software manager to lead our team working on NVIDIA's Vision Programming Interface (VPI) library. This crucial role will give you an excellent opportunity to make an impact on the industry through interactions with other industry experts, with the goal to create highly optimized computer vision (CV) and image processing algorithms running on the newest and the most powerful hardware accelerators.
 You should have a proven and deep understanding of software development principles, embedded processes and various system SW layers. You will need to demonstrate strong industry experience in delivering high quality and highly performant production system software. The ability to work in a dynamic and diverse team is required. Strong interpersonal skills and a real passion for working as a team are critical. If this sounds like a fun challenge, we want to hear from you!
 What you'll be doing:
 Lead a team of skilled software engineers to develop new functionality and improve existing functionality of VPI lib and make it more applicable to other areas such as Deep Learning.
 Support internal and external customers as they develop solutions that use VPI
 You will be both a technical and managerial leader for the VPI software team.
 Create and own team strategy, roadmaps, and schedules.
 Provide clear direction and goals to your team and interact with other teams across Nvidia.
 Provide architectural and technical guidance to the engineers in the team and ensure that the best engineering practices are followed.
 Review and identify improvement opportunities in established processes, infrastructure, and practices to ensure the teams are executing in the most efficient and transparent manner.
 Collaborate with peer engineering teams, and program/product management to ensure that product requirements, goals and objectives are met or exceeded.
 Mentor and guide the professional and technical development of the team members
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor’s or higher degree in Computer Science, Computer Vision or related field or equivalent experience with 10+ years of overall experience
 6+ years of industry experience with a proven record of leading software teams to deliver stable, well tested, performant, and maintainable software products
 Good understanding of mobile/embedded architectures
 Strong knowledge of operating system internals, memory management, and system software concepts.
 Experience in developing software for high-performance parallel hardware architectures
 Proven experience in leading multi-functional software teams and delivering high quality production software in a fast-paced environment
 Experience in building and motivating teams of system software and algorithm developers
 Outstanding leadership, communication, interpersonal, and analytical skills with the ability to successfully lead technical experts in highly dynamic matrix organization
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Background in image processing, computer graphics or computer vision
 Familiarity with safety software and safety development processes
 Experience with ISO 26262 and IEC 61508 or equivalent quality/safety processes.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
