
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer, Natural Language Processing - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineer, Natural Language Processing Verantos California Remote Overview
 
Verantos ( https://verantos.com ) is a market leader in high accuracy real-world evidence (RWE) generation. The Verantos RWE platform integrates heterogenous real world data sources and generates evidence with the accuracy necessary for regulatory and reimbursement use. The Verantos RWE platform leverages data science and artificial intelligence along with advanced data sources such as electronic health records (EHR) to generate RWE capable of supporting complex clinical studies. Some of the largest biopharma companies in the world are Verantos customers.
 
We are looking for a natural language processing (NLP) engineer to join the AI team to scale up the AI components of Verantos's solution. This position will be responsible for working with the Product Manager to drive the NLP strategy and building out all the NLP models and infrastructure.
 
The ideal candidate will be passionate about health care, software engineering, machine learning and stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the field.
 Responsibilities
 
Understand business objectives and develop models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress
 
Articulate experiment plans that demonstrate the process of model building, refinement and productization
 
Manage available resources such as compute, data, and personnel so that deadlines are met
 
Analyze algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem and ranking them by their success probability
 
Explore and visualize data to gain an understanding of it, then identify differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world
 
Verify data quality, and/or ensure it via data cleaning
 
Supervise the data acquisition process if more data is needed
 
Find available datasets online that could be used for training
 
Define validation strategies
 
Define the preprocessing or feature engineering to be done on a given dataset
 
Define data augmentation strategies
 
Train models and tuning their hyperparameters
 
Analyze the errors of the model and design strategies to overcome them
 
Deploy models to production
 
Present model outcomes in a scientifically rigorous manner
 
Qualifications
 
Bachelor's degree in engineering, math or science from a reputed institution (graduate degree strongly preferred)
 
3+ years working as a NLP engineer
 
Proficiency with a deep learning framework such as TensorFlow
 
Experience building production-ready NLP systems, from preprocessing and normalization to monitoring model drift in a production environment, ideally using NLP libraries and technologies including Spacy, PyTorch & Deep Learning models
 
Proficiency in leveraging cloud-based machine learning resources such as those from Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud for model training and productization
 
Expertise in visualizing and manipulating big unstructured datasets
 
Why Verantos?
 
At Verantos, we are pioneering technologies that power advanced real-world evidence (RWE). Advanced RWE helps understand how patient characteristics and behaviors affect health outcomes – helping to predict the progression of a disease, a patient's responses to a therapy, or the risk of adverse events. Come and join a team at the intersection of cutting-edge technology, complex data, and healthcare research. We offer:
 
Flexible work location to support employees in the new pandemic-shaped reality.
 
Medical, dental, vision benefits.
 
401K plan with employer match.
 
Work-life balance.
 
Opportunity to work with healthcare technology visionaries. Verantos 20 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Process Engineer jobs in California Jobs at Verantos in California Process Engineer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verantos Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
