
 
 
 
 Senior Frontend Manager, MLOps platform - Autonomous Vehicles - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Frontend Manager, MLOps platform - Autonomous Vehicles NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is hiring leaders to scale up and build the next generation of its AI Infrastructure in areas such as data ingestion, campaigns, curation, evaluation, and AV system debugging and triaging. We are looking for strong technical skills, a deep understanding of cloud technologies, orchestration and automation systems, data centers and cloud architecture, as well as excellent communication and planning skills.
 Together, we will build the software 2.0 cloud platform for one of the most exciting challenges of our time: autonomous vehicles. Then, we will apply our solutions for a broad range of AI based applications such as robotics, healthcare, genomics, medical imaging, data science, virtual reality, graphics engines visual computing and more.
 What you'll be doing:
 Build, lead, and manage a team of full-stack, backend, cloud, and big data engineers focused on developing complete MLOps solutions for self-driving cars.
 Drive architects, designers, and engineers to build and operate key pieces of infrastructure, from ingestion and curation through training and debugging.
 Collaborate with multiple teams at NVIDIA as well as external customers and the open source community to identify new features of libraries and lead developers in definition, implementation, and productization of those features.
 Apply software development processes, adapting to an agile environment, and overlook the activities of your team that range from defining UI/UX, public APIs, performance tuning and analysis, implementing new algorithms, and other general software engineering work.
 Develop roadmaps, perform prioritization and software development schedules.
 What we need to see:
 A problem solver, with a track record of building highly scalable interactive web applications and distributed systems.
 Experience developing large-scale data management systems (PB+) and serving dozens of users/data scientists.
 Highly motivated with strong communication and interpersonal skills. You have the ability to work successfully with multi-functional teams and coordinate effectively across organizational boundaries and geographies. A history of mentoring engineers is a plus.
 Comfortable with a customer focused and high paced environment that includes dealing with ambiguity.
 BS, MS, PhD or equivalent experience in Computer Science or Computer Engineering with 10+ years of field experience.
 5+ years of proven experience in leading a system software development team in agile environment as well as performance sensitive and/or real-time software and customer facing software products.
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. If you're a creative engineer with a real passion for robust and enjoyable user experiences, we'd love to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Front End Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
