
 
 
 
 Consultant, Workforce Strategies - Future of Work (Businesses, Global & Strategic Services) - Phoenix, AZ 85012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Consultant, Workforce Strategies - Future of Work (Businesses, Global & Strategic Services) Deloitte 10,136 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85012 Deloitte 10,136 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. BGS - Workforce Strategies Consultant, Future of Work 
Deloitte Services LP includes internal support areas such as Marketing and Communications, Human Resources/Talent, Information Technology, Facilities Management, and Financial Support Services. 
If you are fascinated about how the future of work is changing, plan your next career move with Deloitte's Future of Work team. 
Deloitte's breadth, depth, and scale, combined with our relentless passion for innovation create powerful opportunities to help our clients and our own organization stay ahead of change, deliver impact that matters, and transform complexity and disruption into lasting value. 
Work you'll do 
The Consultant will be part of a multi-disciplinary team developing the Future of Work transformation strategy for the Deloitte U.S. firm, considering changes in the work, the workforce and the workplace. The Consultant may also assist Deloitte's businesses-Consulting, Advisory, Audit, and Tax-with structuring and executing their individual Future of Work transformation objectives. 
The Consultant will interact with senior leaders in the firm and will assist in various special, top priority projects with potential to significantly impact our organization. 
Key activities include: reimagining work to leverage Artificial Intelligence and Intelligent Automation to change the way we sell and deliver our services; evaluating sources of talent; and rethinking where work gets done, workplace infrastructure and the employee experience. 
Required: 
Bachelor's degree 
2+ years of workforce function and processes experience 
Limited travel (while up to 25% of travel may be necessary for the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.) 
Limited immigration sponsorship may be available. 
 
Preferred: 
 
2+ years of consulting experience 
Demonstrated knowledge of workforce functions & processes, with experience in one or more of the following areas: Workforce Strategies, Workforce Capabilities, Talent Acquisition, Career Mobility, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion and/or Workforce & Talent Analytics 
Experience providing support to small to mid-sized teams 
Strong client presence with project management, presentation, and facilitation skills 
Ability to succeed in team-based or independent environments 
Well-organized with the ability to handle several projects/clients simultaneously 
Strong oral and written communication skills 
Ability to create and support client relationships and develop business 
Dedicated work ethic with a commitment to client service excellence Deloitte 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Consultant jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Deloitte in Phoenix, AZ Business Consultant salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,136 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
