
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Technical Lead, Siri Asset Delivery - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Technical Lead, Siri Asset Delivery Apple 10,251 reviews Seattle, WA Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Jun 11, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200239209 
Imagine your future at Apple: You are empowered to bring your ideas to life to build extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences. Your passion and dedication will propel you to extraordinary achievements at the company, where innovation and problem-solving are rewarded handsomely. Join the AI/ML team to create the next-generation asset delivery platform that unlocks new ways of running artificial intelligence and machine learning models on devices.
The Engineering Efficiency team is looking for an experienced technical leader to drive the cross-functional asset delivery platform. The platform allows for machine learning models to be delivered to billions of devices to perform text-to-speech and on-device dictation. You will drive the development of a platform and coordinate with machine learning teams to adopt the frameworks. You will create, implement and drive the future of our technology to meet the current and future needs of the business, which is ultimately better for the billions of people who use Apple products.
Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. 
Key Qualifications 
5+ years of engineering experience in roles similar to deployment systems, CDNs, mobile development 
3+ years in a technical leadership role setting technical direction and vision for a small team 
Experience in systems programming on iOS (e.g. XPC, NSURLSession, etc) and networking concepts 
Experience in Objective-C and Swift 
Strong systems based reasoning 
Broad knowledge of computer science and systems; ability to quickly learn new domains 
Enthusiastically initiates, develops, and maintains effective working relationships 
Excellent analytical, comprehension, communication, writing, and consultative skills, innovative in proposing solutions 
Description 
Apple is hiring a Technical Leader for our Engineering Efficiency team.
We’re looking to drive a generational change in the way we deliver assets (e.g. ML Models) to user devices to power machine-learning-based experiences across our different operating systems. One such example is speech recognition which powers a suite of products such as on-device dictation, voicemail transcription, and many others on user devices. You’ll be working as part of a team to define the future product roadmap and technical vision for the team. Listen to our customers to deeply understand their needs, and drive discussions within our team and across Apple to create an experience that surprises and delights. AI/ML has a unique development skillset that needs us to reduce the complexity and drive a solution that works across billions of end-user devices. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or a related field or equivalent work experience is required. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Lead jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Apple in Seattle, WA Technical Lead salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
