
 
 
 
 Software Engineer New College Graduate - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer New College Graduate Acrisure Technology Group Austin, TX Acrisure Technology Group (ATG) is a fast paced, AI-driven team building innovative software to disrupt the $6T+ insurance industry. Our mission is to help the world share its risk more intelligently to power a more vibrant economy. To do this, we are transforming insurance distribution and underwriting into a science.
 
 At the core of our operating model is our technology:  we're building the premier AI Factory in the world for risk and applying it at the center of Acrisure, a privately held company recognized as one of the world's top 10 insurance brokerages and the fastest growing insurance brokerage globally. By using the latest technology and advances in AI to push the boundaries of understanding risk, we are systematically converting data into predictions, insights, and choices, and we believe we can remove the constraints associated with scale, scope, and learning that have existed in the insurance industry for centuries.
 
We are a small team of extremely high caliber engineers with a diverse background across industries and technologies. Our engineers have worked at large companies like Google and Amazon, high frequency trading companies like TwoSigma and Jump Trading, and a variety of smaller startups, including successful startup founders.
 
The Role
 
As a Software Engineer New College Graduate, you'll help move artificial intelligence out of the labs and into production in a way that transforms the insurance industry. You'll help build cutting edge AI systems that aid our customers in ways they might not deem possible. As a successful candidate, you combine machine learning and deep learning experience with strong computer science fundamentals and software engineering experience. You will take full advantage of state-of-the-art algorithms and tools, conceiving of new ones when the right solution does not yet exist. You work with modern ML tools such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn, Spark, Kubeflow, and MLFlow to create robust, scalable, state-of-the-art products. You are driven by a passion for improving the world through technology. Help us to turn vision into reality.
 
Our technology runs on Google Cloud and is configured with Kubernetes, leveraging various services in that environment. Our data storage layer includes BigQuery, BigTable, and Postgres. We code primarily in Kotlin, Python, Java, and JavaScript and make use of many frameworks, including Dataflow, Cloud AI Platform, KubeFlow, Spring, and React.
 
 Here are some of the ways in which you'll achieve impact: 
Build efficient and reliable technology with a customer-first mindset.
 
Develop and deploy production ML models to solve business problems
 
Participate in model reviews alongside a leading team of AI researchers and AI engineers, helping to grow a world-class center of excellence for applied AI
 
Assist in designing and maintaining our tech stack, building when it makes sense, inventing when necessary, and upgrading as tools evolve.
 
Identify, adopt, and evangelize best practices.
 
Measure the effectiveness of new features, find and address performance issues, and drive continuous improvement.
 
Work collegially and effectively as we grow a world-class, diverse engineering team.
 
Design and conduct experiments, solving complex measurement challenges.
 
 You may be fit for this role if you: 
Possess exceptional knowledge of machine learning, computer science fundamentals, and software engineering principles.
 
Possess theoretical understanding and practical experience with machine learning algorithms for regression, classification, clustering, and unsupervised learning.
 
Have experience putting quantitative models into production, including by using deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch, workflow tools such as Kubeflow, etc.
 
Take a scientific, data-driven approach to problems, with a solid understanding of statistics (Frequentist and Bayesian) and applied mathematics.
 
Have an ability to measure, understand, and debug complex integrated systems.
 
Are product and customer focused, with a passion for delighting the end user.
 
Possess empathy, kindness towards others, a positive attitude, and self-awareness.
 
Obtaining a Bachelor's/Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience.
 
Are willing and able to work in Austin, Texas starting for Summer/Fall 2021.
 
Are excited to work for an early stage company to experiment, discover product-market fit and are focused on maximizing business impact.
 
It's not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of these areas. If you are a solid engineer and eager to work on data- or insurance-related platforms/products, we are eager to talk! Acrisure Technology Group 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Acrisure Technology Group in Austin, TX Software Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Acrisure Technology Group Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
