
 
 
 
 BEN’s TubeBuddy: Frontend Software Engineer (Javascript & Browser Extension) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search BEN’s TubeBuddy: Frontend Software Engineer (Javascript & Browser Extension) BEN Group, Inc United States Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who  YOU  Are 
Do you have an affinity for technology? Do you embrace the challenge as a technologist thriving on building systems that solve problems and contribute to others successes? Are you a developer with strong JavaScript skills with proven track record of delivery? Do you love building APIs, UIs and everything in between? If you want to work with a highly talented, diverse, and motivated team with great camaraderie, this could be your dream job. This position is a fully remote position (anywhere within the US) and will be a critical part of BENs TubeBuddy team. As a Frontend Software Engineer, you will collaborate on daily basis with the wider TubeBuddy team, its users as well as dev-ops, data-science & engineering teams to facilitate a smooth and secure TubeBuddy experience for our community of YouTube content creators. 
Who  WE  Are 
BEN Group, Inc. connects global brands to consumers through the power of popular entertainment. From the world-leading product integration platform, to the global leader for rights clearances and representation (Greenlight), to the best in class Influencer channel optimization solutions (TubeBuddy), BEN Group helps elevate projects, amplify brands, and captivate audiences. Our team is global, with offices in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, London, Shanghai, and Provo.
 At BEN, we recognize that our employees are the key to the company’s success and work hard to maintain our incredible company culture. While BEN is a well-established organization and a recognized industry leader with a rich history of integration and licensing success stories, we have not abandoned our start-up mentality. BEN continually evolves branding strategies through artificial intelligence and predictive modeling to meet the unique needs of our clients. To that end, BEN is results-oriented, client-centric, and highly creative organization which offers candidates the opportunity to learn from the best and the brightest in this dynamic industry. BEN offers a competitive benefits package and promotes an environment which supports our core values of Empowerment, Passion, Accountability, Teamwork, and Inclusion. 
 Responsibilities 
Design, build, implement and support features for the Tube Buddy Browser Extension and API as part of an application development team 
Make TubeBuddy even better 
 Qualifications 
Minimum of 3 years hands-on experience with JavaScript, jQuery, HTML\CSS, and Vue.js 
Minimum of 2 years hands-on experience using development tools such as Visual Studio, Git, Azure, AWS etc 
A track record in taking features from inception through to delivery and supporting them once live 
A passion for best practice design and code and a desire to develop innovative new ideas 
Experience in delivering large scale browser extensions (strong advantage) 
Experience in building products which use the YouTube API (strong advantage) 
An understanding of YouTube, its creators and the creator communities (strong advantage) 
Good at Mario Kart (optional) 
Most importantly - An inquisitive mind, someone who enjoys learning and having success as a team BEN Group, Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in United States Jobs at BEN Group in United States Front End Developer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from BEN Group, Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
