
 
 
 
 Full Stack Software Engineer – Maps Search - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Software Engineer – Maps Search Apple 10,251 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 21, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200254831 
Apple Maps are being used by millions of users every single day and powers thousands of applications. As a fundamental tool for human activity, Maps technology is evolving and new techniques are emerging. As a part of Apple Maps search team, you will play a big part in the next revolution in maps to enable users to find things in maps by working in a high-performing and collaborative environment. You will have plenty of opportunities to create cutting-edge search ranking and relevance, natural language processing and more. If you are excited with new technology and have significant background in search, data mining and information retrieval, please consider joining the Maps Search team at Apple.
You will have plenty of opportunities to create groundbreaking technologies to improve the search quality and user experience for Apple Maps. 
Key Qualifications 
Desire to solve challenging problems at the intersection of user experience and computational algorithms. 
Experience in one or more of search engine core engineering, information retrieval, large scale data mining. 
Passionate about consistently improving user experience by collaborating with Product team in design of user facing components. 
Strong programming experience in one or more of the following: Java, C++, or equivalent. 
Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills. 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills. 
Description 
The goal of Maps Search team is to take Apple’s Maps to the next level of intelligence and accuracy using advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques. Engineers and scientists on this team work on a wide spectrum of approaches in improving search experience on Apple Maps. You would work on providing best end user experience building scalable search system including indexing and query execution to power maps search. You would work on applied natural language processing algorithms to understand user query and intent. You would work on applied machine learning algorithms and models that help improve search relevance and experience. You would also work on developing scalable tools and platform foundations that enable other engineers and scientists to develop, evaluate and release algorithms, models and features quickly. We impact millions of users by developing a phenomenal product with a prime focus on accuracy, quality and performance of the product.
This position involves a wide variety of skills and innovation, and is a unique opportunity that sits at the cutting-edge of information retrieval, data mining, machine learning and natural language understanding. Ultimately, your work would have a huge impact on millions of users across the globe. 
Education & Experience 
BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent. Apple 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Full Stack Developer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
