
 
 
 
 Sr. Director, Financial Reporting ( Remote U.S ) - Las Vegas, NV 89169 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Director, Financial Reporting ( Remote U.S ) Rimini Street, Inc. 45 reviews Las Vegas, NV 89169 Rimini Street, Inc. 45 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  Sr. Director, Financial Reporting  resident. This role can be based any in our  location . 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Position Summary 
The Sr. Director, Financial Reporting will lead the external financial reporting function by ensuring the implementation of best practices in financial reporting processes and is responsible for global accounting policy and technical accounting in compliance with GAAP. Financial reporting responsibilities include managing the preparation, review and timely filing of SEC reports and the production and distribution of quarterly internal financial reporting along with the production of Audit Committee board packages to support the earnings process. This position monitors emerging accounting guidance and strategic transactions, leads the implementation of accounting policies related to new accounting standards and guidelines, collaborates with business partners to structure transactions to maximize operating and accounting goals and serves as the key liaison with the various finance teams and the external auditors on accounting policy and technical accounting matters. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
Monitor the activities of all accounting standard setting bodies to ensure timely identification of emerging accounting pronouncements and keep management and business partners updated on developments in accounting and financial reporting and related policies and positions through issuance of various accounting memos, training sessions, and other meeting forums. 
Manage the timely and accurate preparation and review of the quarterly and year-end SEC filings, including 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K and other required SEC filings. Ensure compliance with SEC and GAAP reporting requirements, including XBRL tagging and maintenance of appropriate documentation to support all disclosures in SEC filings. 
Responsible for all technical and accounting memos required as part of our quarterly and annual financial reporting to senior management and our external auditors. 
Facilitate review and approval of SEC filings with external auditors, legal counsel and audit committee. 
Support Investor Relations with the preparation and review of the earnings press releases, earnings conference call scripts and other financial data summaries. 
Project lead for the timely implementation of new accounting standards across functional teams, including new revenue recognition and leasing standards. 
Serve as the technical resource on GAAP and SEC rules and regulations and engage with business partners to ensure all relevant accounting issues and complex transactions are identified and assist in structuring transactions to maximize operating and accounting goals.
 Assess and document the accounting impact and required disclosures for major corporate events, including significant contracts, acquisitions, debt and equity offerings and other one-off transactions. Including working proactively with external auditors to drive timely closure of technical accounting matters and support finance teams to ensure proper accounting and disclosure along with documentation of Accounting memos as appropriate.
 Own and partner with the Accounting Team and key business partners to ensure the Accounting Policy Manual and procedures are updated and compliant with U.S. GAAP. Assist with accounting policies and procedures training throughout the company as needed. 
Prepare and present technical accounting updates to senior management, including discussion of current issues/memos, upcoming business changes which will drive technical issues and implementation of proposed new guidance status. 
Responsible for the resolution of accounting and control issues, including monitoring remediation status of SAB 99/108 errors and control deficiencies.
 Lead and perform accounting and financial due diligence on acquisition, investment and potential complex business transactions which may require some travel.
 Oversee annual goodwill and other long-lived intangible asset impairment analysis. 
Oversee the preparation of the equity roll forward, stock-based comp, EPS and Statement of Cash Flows. 
Ensure SOX 404 compliance for areas of responsibility 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Education 
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance
 CPA in good standing 
Location 
Chicago, IL, Remote, Las Vegas, NV, Pleasanton, CA 
Experience 
10+ years public company SEC reporting/technical accounting experience within a multinational organization
 5+ years at a Big 4 public accounting firm (preferably at the Manager level) 
Skills 
Exceptionally strong knowledge of all aspects of US GAAP and SEC technical accounting and reporting 
Ability to effectively present information with confidence and accuracy to various levels of internal management and external auditors 
Candidate must be a team player able to work well in a collaborative manner with Finance & Accounting Team 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with an ability to establish credibility based on knowledge of technical accounting subject matter areas with internal management and external auditors 
Strong leadership, outstanding project management and analytical skills 
Ability to build strong cross-functional relationships and work collaboratively with a variety of personalities 
Attention to detail, organized with clear documentation, and thorough with the desire for continuous improvement 
Ability to work under tight deadlines and high-pressure situations, while problem solving and effectively multi-tasking to arrive at the correct resolutions 
Working knowledge of a Large ERP system and EDGAR Tagging
 Proficient in Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
Knowledge of Sox Compliance requirements 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees Rimini Street, Inc. 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director of Finance jobs in Las Vegas, NV Jobs at Rimini Street in Las Vegas, NV Senior Director of Finance salaries in Las Vegas, NV Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 45 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
