
 
 
 
 Software Engineer-Cybersecurity/Testing Emphasis - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer-Cybersecurity/Testing Emphasis Penn State University 1,421 reviews University Park, PA Penn State University 1,421 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Offensive Security Department in the Cyber Innovation Division (CID) of the Communication, Information, and Navigation Office at the Applied Research Laboratory is looking for highly motivated, self-starting Software Engineers with a Cybersecurity/Testing Emphasis who desire to work in a growing area encompassing a variety of research and technology disciplines.
 CID supports a number of research areas and programs in artificial intelligence, machine learning, high performance computing, cybersecurity, and test & evaluation that provide a unique opportunity for the applicant. This job will be filled as a level 1, or level 2, depending upon the successful candidate's competencies, education, and experience.
 Typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in an Engineering or Science discipline or higher, or an equivalent combination of education and experience for a level 1. Additional experience and/or education and competencies are required for higher level jobs.
 Preferred Qualifications:
 knowledge of C++, Java & Python desired
 experience in Cybersecurity Testing, Test & Evaluation, Data Analytics, Machine Learning, and Autonomy
 Requirements include:
 experience with software programming, programming languages and development environments
 good communication and writing skills 
 You must be a U.S. citizen to apply. Candidates selected will be subject to a government security investigation.
 The Applied Research Laboratory (ARL) at Penn State University is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion; we believe this is central to our success as a Department of Defense designated University Affiliated Research Center (UARC). We are at our best when we draw on the talents of all parts of society, and our greatest accomplishments are achieved when diverse perspectives are part of our workforce.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Test Engineer jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Software Test Engineer salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,421 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
