
 
 
 
 Head of AI Governance - Boston, MA 02124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of AI Governance MassMutual 1,293 reviews Boston, MA 02124 MassMutual 1,293 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description What great looks like in this role 
This leader will be responsible for engaging with data scientists, controls partners, and other leaders to define enterprise AI/ML standards and controls, and for a governance program to catalog, assess, measure and monitor the firm’s algorithmic assets and models. Success also includes facilitating education and advocacy of principled AI/ML systems, best practices, emerging AI techniques, and critical topics including transparency, fairness, auditability and accountability. 
Our ideal candidate has extensive knowledge and practitioner experience with risk management programs in the financial industry, is fluent in machine learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) methods, processes and their novel challenges, and possesses the business acumen necessary to champion an interdisciplinary approach that empowers our business for success. 
Objectives of the role 
Set strategy and roadmaps and drive the ongoing vision and execution of the AI Governance program 
Design and activate measurable, enterprise standards and controls for risk management and maximizing business value by democratizing our AI/ML capabilities 
Develop a pragmatic, accountable stewardship program across the enterprise and drive our data culture consistent with our principles. Partner closely with leaders in Enterprise Risk Management, Compliance, Law, Audit, Data Science, our business teams and subsidiaries. 
Envision and deliver scalable architectures and governance-by-design best practices for data scientists and business teams that address novel AI/ML challenges. 
Execute AI governance operations including assessments, risk tracking, controls monitoring, and L1 support 
Design oversight insights and key metrics to measure program effectiveness. 
Maintain a strategic roadmap for AI governance roll-out across the enterprise. 
Continue to hire and lead top talent 
Identify, follow and formulate opinions on trends in industry, academia and legislature. 
Our goal is to create a team of innovative, high-performing, curious, and resourceful people who like to think big, start small, scale quickly and are dedicated to their ideas to see programs from conception to delivery. This role is based out of our Boston, MA office and will work in cross-functional teams collaborating with subject matter experts across the enterprise. 
Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science, Advanced Analytics, Data Science or similar majors 
Extensive experience and successful track record of establishing and executing complex, strategic, cross-functional enterprise programs with a high degree of change management. 
10+ years of risk management and commercial AI/ML experience preferably within the financial services industry 
Deep familiarity with data policy/standards development and management practices 
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal 
Exceptional influencing abilities across all levels of the organization 
Authorized to work in the USA without sponsorship. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Advanced Analytics, Data Science or similar majors 
JD or advanced certifications in data governance, privacy, cyber security or similar fields 
Knowledge of methods for designing, developing, testing, peer-reviewing, and deploying machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions. Practitioner experience is considered a strong plus. 
Strong understanding of data management and data protection concepts, principles and practices 
Practitioner experience with model monitoring and AI/ML DevOps 
Financial services knowledge, including core business processes and regulations. 
MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply. Note: Veterans are welcome to apply, regardless of their discharge status. MassMutual 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at MassMutual in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MassMutual MassMutual 1,293 reviews At MassMutual, we’re fostering an inclusive and dynamic environment where our employees are valued for who they are and can build success... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
