
 
 
 
 Software Engineer II (Artificial Intelligence) - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer II (Artificial Intelligence) Microsoft 7,140 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Experimentation Team at Microsoft, under Azure AI Platform, aims to accelerate software innovation through trustworthy experimentation. We build one of the largest experimentation platforms on the planet, ExP, used by teams across Microsoft like Azure, Xbox, Windows, Office, Bing, MSTeams, VSCode, etc. to make data-driven decisions through A/B testing. The ExP platform enables customers answer questions like: What factors affect the quality of the Bing user experience? What causes users to make a first payment with XBox? How does a new Outlook feature impact Office’s business metrics? 
 As a part of this team, you will get the opportunity to: 
Push the envelope for how data is leveraged and change the way software is built. 
Work in an agile and diverse engineering team, closely partnering with world-class data scientists with leadership that will help you grow your career. 
Help evolve the ExP platform into an Azure offering. 
Visit https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/group/experimentation-platform-exp/ for more information about the ExP Platform including videos, articles and publications. 
Responsibilities 
Design and build new global-scale services and tools for Microsoft’s ExP platform 
Produce high quality code and performant systems with clear documentation 
Leverage thousands of product metrics to distill data insights and automate platform actions 
Collaborate with data scientists and cross-functional teams to improve platform capabilities and advance the field of online experimentation 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
A minimum of a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical IT work experience is required. 
3+ year expertise in Java, C# or C++ and end-to-end product development experience 
3+ year proficiency with common data structures and algorithms 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Curiosity and willingness to learn, share and improve 
Web-based application development experience with HTML, JavaScript and React 
Experience with Azure, AWS, or Google cloud 
PhD in Computer Science or a related field 
 
Cloud Background Screening Requirement: 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#AIPLATFORM 
#AIPLATREF Microsoft 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
