
 
 
 
 Cobol/DB2 Developer - Malvern, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cobol/DB2 Developer Capgemini 8,254 reviews Malvern, PA Capgemini 8,254 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration : 7+ months 
Responsibilities : 
Provides expert level system analysis, design, development, implementation, and testing of data-centric applications in a Mainframe environment. Integrates third party data as needed. 
Thoroughly understands and applies agile software development methodologies ? Kanban in particular. 
Translates technical specifications, and/or logical and physical design into code for new or enhancement projects (for internal or external clients). 
Develops code that reuses subroutines or objects, is well structured, includes sufficient comments, and is easy to maintain. 
Writes programs, ad hoc queries, and reports. 
Participates in design, code, and test inspections throughout life cycle to identify issues and ensure methodology compliance. 
Writes the system/technical portion of assigned deliverables. Assists technical team members with the system/technical portion of their deliverables, e.g., systems testers, test plans. On small teams, the developer may write these items. 
Performs unit testing and writes appropriate unit test plans to ensure requirements are satisfied. Assists in integration, systems, acceptance, and other related testing as needed. 
Technical Skills: 
Demonstrated track record of strong analysis, design, and implementation capabilities 
Demonstrated proficiency developing parallel applications using: 
IBM DataStage 
DB2, Mainframe 
Oracle 
DB2 Connect 
Control-M 
SQL 
Unix commands & scripting 
Strong working knowledge of the following platforms: 
Windows 2000 / Windows XP 
UNIX / Sun Solaris 
Performance tuning
 Datastage code and Oracle SQL queries 
Other Competencies: 
3+ years Mainframe developer experience 
Familiarity with Agile methodology 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Malvern, PA Jobs at Capgemini in Malvern, PA Developer salaries in Malvern, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,254 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
