
 
 
 
 Sr Engineer-NAND Cell Reliability - Systems Focus - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Engineer-NAND Cell Reliability - Systems Focus Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
As Cell Engineer – NAND Cell at Micron Technology, Inc., you will be responsible for delivering the next generation NAND technology meeting the highest quality standards required by customers. You will be in charge of defining and understanding device requirements for NAND cells to successfully meet qualification criteria and system requirements. 
You will be responsible for developing, communicating, and coordinating the execution of experiments to improve cell reliability with minimum impact on performance and to identify solutions at the system level to mitigate risks and adjust the requirements at the component level. You will be part of a cross-functional team to address cell deficiencies and Pareto items. 
Your primary responsibilities will be: 
Characterize NAND component and emulate system usage models to identify risks related to cell reliability and define solutions to mitigate those risks and enable earlier component qualification. 
Perform NAND array bench characterization to identify and segment the limiting reliability mechanisms 
Execute high volume experiments and analysis to validate usage models as well as process/trims solutions 
Develop forward-looking technology and contribute to system algos innovation. 
Update the management on the NAND reliability status and roadmap 
Provide continuous feedback to process development, product engineers, and product specification definition groups 
A successful candidate for this position will have: 
Strong understanding of semiconductor devices and processes 
Strong knowledge of non-volatile memory devices 
Strong knowledge of statistics 
Knowledge of NAND media architecture is preferred 
knowledge of or experience on NAND systems is preferred 
Coding skills (python/perl/matlab) to characterize and model cell properties are highly preferred 
Experience with high volume data analysis methods is preferred 
The ability to troubleshooting highly complex problems by applying creative solutions 
Solid communication and reporting abilities. 
Preferred Education and Experience: 
PhD or MS+3y experience 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form Micron 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Reliability Engineer jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Senior Reliability Engineer salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
