
 
 
 
 Transportation Specialist (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees) - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Transportation Specialist (Open to both U.S. Citizens and Federal Employees) US Federal Highway Administration Washington, DC Job details Salary $103,690 - $159,286 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 The subject position is located in the Office of Transportation Management (HOTM), with approximately equally shared responsibilities within the Office of Transportation Operations (HOTO), both part of the Office of Operations, Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in Washington, DC. The incumbent serves jointly as a member of the Connected and Automated Vehicles and Emerging Technologies Team and the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) Team. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 As a Transportation Specialist, you will : 
 
 Provide technically sound oversight, review, coordination, guidance and interpretation to a broad constituency that includes FHWA leadership and field offices, State and local transportation agencies, Congress, the industry and the public. 
 Convert the conclusions of special studies, surveys, and research into regulations, policies, and guidance for traffic control devices and automated vehicle integration with roadways systems. 
 Identify and recommend research initiatives to advance the state of the practice with respect to traffic control device technologies and applications as well as to facilitate the safe integration of automated vehicles within United States (US) roadways. 
 Serve as the Contracting Officer’s Technical Representative, providing technical oversight and project control and accountability. He/she prepares statements of work, reviews proposals, and ensures that contractor deliverables meet the contract requirements. 
 Provide fiscal accountability, through the monitoring and control of resource allocations and the conduct of project and program reviews. He/she develops the overall vision, strategic goals and objectives, and annual performance plans and roadmaps for assigned program areas. 
 
 The  ideal candidate for this position  is a mid-career or senior Transportation Specialist with expertise related to traffic control devices and strategies and or and/or new and emerging highway transportation operations capabilities. Examples of emerging highway transportation operations include connected vehicles, automated driving systems, machine-learning and artificial intelligence in transportation applications, or wireless and wireline communications supporting highway transportation applications. The ideal candidate will also have numerous experiences leading coordination with multiple organizations to achieve transportation safety and/or operations goals. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - Some travel is required for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 14
 Job family (Series) 
 2101 Transportation Specialist
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 You must be a U.S.Citizen and eligible for consideration. 
 You must meet specialized experience to qualify. 
 Required documents must be submitted by the closing date. 
 Submit application and resume online by 11:59 PM EST on the closing date. 
 CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: 
 
 SELECTIVE SERVICE:  Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered for the Selective Service. 
 GOVERNMENT TRAVEL CARD:  This position involves travel. A government contractor-issued travel card will be issued and must be retained for official business only. 
 PCS/RELOCATION/RECRUITMENT:  Permanent Change of Station (PCS), Relocation, and Recruitment Incentive authorization varies by position/selection. 
 TIME-IN-GRADE:  Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the next lower grade in the competitive or excepted service in the executive branch to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5 CFR 300, Subpart F. 
 DEU REQUIREMENTS:  Applicants selected under delegated examining procedures may be required to successfully complete a one-year probationary period (unless already completed). 
 
 Qualifications 
 To meet the minimum qualifications for this position, you must meet the specialized experience qualifications which is for the grade at which you are requesting consideration. 
 
To qualify for the Grade 13 , you must have at least one year of experience equal or equivalent to the GS-12 and it must include: 
 
 Experience collecting and analyzing information, developing policy options and guidance, and providing technical assistance for traffic control devices and strategies and/or new and emerging highway transportation operations capabilities. (Examples of emerging highway transportation operations capabilities include connected vehicles, automated driving systems, machine-learning and artificial intelligence in transportation applications, or wireless and wireline communications supporting highway transportation applications.) 
 
 Experience coordinating with and obtaining cooperation of local, State, Federal, and external stakeholders on research programs for traffic control devices and strategies that seek improve transportation safety and mobility and/or emerging highway transportation operations capabilities. 
 
 To qualify for the Grade 14 , you must have at least one year of experience equal or equivalent to the GS-13 and it must include: 
 
 Experience collecting and analyzing information, developing policy options and guidance, and providing technical assistance for traffic control devices and strategies and/or new and emerging highway transportation operations capabilities. (Examples of emerging highway transportation operations include connected vehicles, automated driving systems, machine-learning and artificial intelligence in transportation applications, or wireless and wireline communications supporting highway transportation applications.) 
 
 Experience providing leadership coordinating with and obtaining cooperation of local, State, Federal, and external stakeholders on research programs for traffic control devices and strategies that seek improve transportation safety and mobility and/or emerging highway transportation operations capabilities. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs):  Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas: 
 
Transportation Engineering - Knowledge of the concepts, principles, theories, and methods applicable to planning, designing, and constructing of transportation systems including traffic analysis, signal analysis, highway capacity, pavement design, bridge construction, planning of transportation projects, environmental analysis of transportation facilities, and transportation network analysis. 
For all types of consideration, experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. 
 
 For additional information about applying to Federal positions, please click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-policies/#url=e4 
 
 Students enrolled in a qualifying degree program can apply if the anticipated graduation date is within six months of closing date of the announcement. Graduation transcript must be received before start date.
 
 
 Other applicants must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement. 
 Education 
 id="frmMain">
 
 Undergraduate and Graduate Education:  Major study - accounting, business administration, business or commercial law, commerce, economics, engineering, finance, industrial management, statistics, traffic management, transportation, motor mechanics, or other fields related to the position. 
 
OR 
 
 Experience that demonstrated a knowledge of the transportation function(s) of the position to be filled. 
 
 > 
 
 Additional information 
 This vacancy may be used by any DOT agency to fill similar positions within 90 days. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE: PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE.  If your resume/ application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level. 
 
To compete with U.S. Citizens:  If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be placed in one of four categories: Platinum, Gold, Silver or Bronze, which is based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. Within these categories, applicants eligible for veteran's preference that have provided supporting documents will receive selection priority over non-veterans. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. 
 
To compete with other competitive status government employees:  If you meet the qualification requirements, your application will be scored based upon your responses to the vacancy questions. The top rated applications will be reviewed for the quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. If referred, all relevant documents including performance appraisals and awards submitted with your application package will be forwarded to the hiring official for review. 
 
Eligible Federal employees also seeking consideration for noncompetitive reassignment for this position, must indicate interest in the assessment. In eligibility question 14: select Yes/Other/Former Incumbency of a Position brought into the Competitive Service. Noncompetitive federal candidates must have competitive status on a SF-50, meet minimum qualifications, have served at the same grade or higher, and held or exceeded the promotion potential of this position. 
 
All applicants:  Your application will be rated on the extent and quality of your experience, education and training relevant to the position. The answers you select in the on-line process must be substantiated in your application package. If upon review, it is determined that your described work history, competencies, and/or supporting documents do not support your answer choices, your application may be updated on your behalf or you may not be referred to the selecting official. Please ensure that your work history provides enough details to support your answers. The Automated Staffing Office is ultimately responsible for determining your final rating. 
 
 To preview questions please  click here . 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 RESUME - All applicants must provide a resume created within USA Jobs Resume Builder,  that shows relevant experience, education and support the required specialized experience. Formatted resumes can by uploaded later in the application process. 
 
TRANSCRIPTS are REQUIRED if there is a stated education requirement for the series OR if you are substituting education for experience. The transcripts need not be official,  but must show that you meet the stated education requirements, including specific major or class requirements. Provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. 
 
 If you have already qualified and worked in the federal service in this series, you may provide an SF-50 in lieu of transcripts. 
 
 PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS/INCENTIVE AWARDS:  If applicable, performance appraisals and/or Incentive award documentation may be submitted and forwarded to the selecting official in consideration of your application. To receive credit, submit a recent performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable (do not submit a performance plan) and/or incentive award documentation dated within the last 18 months (i.e. performance awards, special act or achievement awards, quality step increases, etc.). 
 
VETERANS:  Your last DD214  (member 4 copy),  Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, that shows the type of discharge and all dates of active duty is required to verify your eligibility. 
 
 If applying to a vacancy opened to all US Citizens under category rating and wish to be considered as a preference eligible, you need to submit a copy of your DD214  (member-4 copy). 
 If claiming preference eligibility as a disabled veteran, you must submit proof of entitlement of this preference which is normally a valid letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. An SF-15 is desired, but not required. 
 If applying to a vacancy opened Status and you are requesting consideration under Veteran's Employment Opportunity Act (VEOA) (https://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/#veoa), you need to provide a copy of your last DD214  (member-4 copy),  which verifies your military service dates, reason for separation, OR certification of separation that shows a discharge date within 120 days of the closing of this announcement, and eligibility for consideration under the Veterans Employment Opportunity Act. 
 
 FEDERAL APPLICANTS:  You must submit SF-50(s) that verify your highest competitive grade, full performance level, and eligibility as a federal applicant.  DO NOT submit an award SF-50 as these often do not verify grade or eligibility. For consideration for a promotion, Box 4 of the SF-50 must show a date that is at least 52 weeks prior to the job announcement closing. We recommend submitting your last promotion SF-50, current SF-50 or within-grade increase SF-50.  Pay adjustment raise SF-50s for the current year will not support the 52 weeks’ time-in-grade requirements. https://www.usajobs.gov/Help/working-in-government/service/SF-50/ 
 
NON COMPETITIVE APPLICANTS:  If requesting concurrent consideration for Non-competitive (NC) appointment eligibility, you must provide the appropriate SPECIAL APPOINTING AUTHORITY DOCUMENTS, such as PCS orders (military spouse) describing move & marriage certificate; letter from VA or DD214 describing 100% disability of spouse; letter from State Vocational Office certifying disability (schedule A), etc. For more information, visit military spouse NC appointments or Persons with Disabilities NC appointments. 
 
 DISPLACED EMPLOYEES:  If requesting consideration under the Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency CTAP program (ICTAP), you must meet the well qualified standards for this vacancy (meeting minimum requirements for position and scoring at least an 85 or falling in the Gold Category) and provide all of the following documents: 
 
 your most recent performance appraisal, 
 the proof of eligibility letter from the Agency, and 
 your most current SF-50, displaying current series and grade. 
 
 Displaced employees may be eligible for ICTAP or CTAP priority consideration. For more information, please review the OPM Employee's Guide to Career Transition. 
 
Failure to submit any of the required documents by the closing date of the vacancy will result in your removal from consideration for this position. Please review your application prior to final submission and ensure you have submitted all appropriate documents. Uploading documents to USAJobs does NOT ensure inclusion with your application to our system. You must verify that the documents are in the system with your application prior to final submission. 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Individuals with disabilities
 Federal employees - Competitive service
 Current or former competitive service federal employees.
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 Military spouses
 Family of overseas employees
 Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
 Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Special authorities
 Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
 Veterans
 Clarification from the agency 
 Open to current and former Federal employees with competitive status, VEOA Applicants, AND All U.S. Citizens. usajobs.gov 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Transportation Specialist jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at US Federal Highway Administration in Washington, DC Transportation Specialist salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
