
 
 
 
 Program Manager - Internal Communications - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Manager - Internal Communications Facebook 623 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook AI’s mission is to advance the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through fundamental and applied research in open collaboration with the community. Our work covers the full spectrum of topics related to AI, including deriving knowledge from data: theory, algorithms, applications, software infrastructure and hardware infrastructure. As a rapidly growing organization, we are actively seeking a Program Manager with extensive internal communications experience in event management (all hands, offsites, town halls, etc.), content creation (email, posts, talking points, blogs), program management, and collateral creation (video, decks).To be successful, you will be clearly communicating your work to all stakeholders and ensuring the program is implemented smoothly with all details considered. Ideal team members are detail oriented, adaptable, eager to attack unfamiliar problems with tenacity. The right candidate will be a someone who is passionate about internal communications, comfortable with ambiguous environments, can move fast, and get things done. 
Establish and scale collaboration programs, including being the lead on internal organizational content and information. Ability to develop and edit communications (email, posts, decks, talking points, scripts). 
Collaborate cross-functionally on on-going implementation of communications programs (newsletters, excellence programs). 
Drive the development of simple tools and processes to provide communications excellence. 
Comfort working on fast turnaround, multiple programs, and ambiguity. 
Proven track record of implementing effective internal communications programs 
Experience in drafting messaging to a large organization 
Experience working directly with technical scientists, engineers, and management 
Communication, coordination, organizational, and multitasking experience 
Interpersonal experience, including relationship building and collaboration with a cross-functional, global team 
Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership 
Design skills 
4+ years of program management and communication experience 
Skilled in building relationships with stakeholders and experience working across functions and levels 
Experience developing internal resources and messaging 
Experience with slide and other collateral design 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Internal Communications Executive jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Internal Communications Executive salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 623 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
