
 
 
 
 UI Developer - React - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search UI Developer - React Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Seattle, WA Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Organization and Job ID 
 Job ID: 312260 
 Directorate: National Security 
 Division: Computing and Analytics 
 Group: Software Engineering and Architectures 
 Job Description 
 Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of today’s most challenging problems that face our Nation? Then join us in the Software Engineering and Architectures Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)! 
 For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to providing cutting edge, state-of-the-art solutions in support of our sponsors’ missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation! 
 Software Engineering at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by developing data processing/storage systems utilizing cloud, parallel and distributed architectures. We provide high-performance extract-transform-load processing and big data services capabilities supporting high velocity streaming systems, large data sets, applied real-time analytics and artificial intelligence 
 EXPECTED OF YOU: 
 Apply knowledge of software engineering practices (e.g. source control, problem tracking, design principles, etc.) with minimal oversight 
 
Take initiative to set personal direction and goals 
 
Stay current about industry developments 
 
Work collaboratively within a team to execute on the full system development life cycle 
 
Maintain or follow quality assurance procedures 
 
Demonstrate good time management skills 
 
Be able to work with different technologies 
 
 WHY WE SHOULD TALK: 
 You want to work in a lively environment full of scientists, engineers, and subject matter experts who love learning and thinking creatively 
 
You want to have impact on people's lives and national security problems 
 
You want to work in an environment where diversity and equality are highly valued 
 
You want to build novel solutions to complex problems 
 
You are independent in your every-day work, and self-directed in your career goal 
 
You are self directed and capable of leading technical tasks on a project. 
 
You can demonstrate software engineering best practices, provide mentorship to junior staff, and contribute to technical innovation (open source, lab initiatives, proposals, etc.). 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree with 2 years of experience, a Master's degree with 0-2 years of experience, a PhD with 0 years of experience, OR a relevant Associate’s degree and 6 years of relevant work experience OR a High school diploma and 10 years of relevant work experience. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 2 + years of experience as a professional software developer (JavaScript, Typescript, etc.) 
 
Expertise in React/Redux 
 
Knowledge of software engineering best practices and software project lifecycles 
 
Strong communication skills 
 
Experience writing unit and integration tests 
 
Proficiency with GraphQL a plus 
 
Proficiency designing Restful APIs a plus 
 
Experience with containers and/or Kubernetes a plus 
 
Experience with cloud platforms a plus 
 
An interest, curiosity and technical depth to support the development and advancement of a variety of applied problems specific to the national security community 
 
The ability and the desire to learn new technologies as this is a rapidly evolving field 
 
Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. 
 If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via https://jobs.pnnl.gov/help.stm
 Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from having any affiliation with the foreign government of a country DOE has identified as a “country of risk” without explicit approval by DOE and Battelle. If you are offered a position at PNNL and currently have any affiliation with the government of one of these countries you will be required to disclose this information and recuse yourself of that affiliation or receive approval from DOE and Battelle prior to your first day of employment. 
 Other Information 
 This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance. 
 Requirements: 
 U.S. Citizenship 
 
Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B. 
 
Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP). 
 
 Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated. 
 Directorate: National Security 
 Job Category: Engineering/Engineering Techs 
 Group: Software Eng & Architectures 
 Opening Date: 2021-06-17 
 Closing Date: 2021-09-15 Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Seattle, WA Front End Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
