
 
 
 
 Inception Program Specialist, AI and Data Science Startups - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Inception Program Specialist, AI and Data Science Startups NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a North America Inception Program Specialist to join Inception - NVIDIA’s acceleration platform for AI, data science, and HPC startups, providing critical go-to-market support, expertise, and technology. This startup-focused role is for someone who believes that artificial intelligence, deep learning, and data science bring a new computing revolution and have the potential to positively transform our world. You are passionate about finding, recruiting, and supporting startups in an effort to grow NVIDIA platforms' adoption across the startup ecosystem.
 You will be responsible for growing Inception’s member base, educating, and nurturing startups across all of NVIDIA’s platforms and verticals. This involves a range of activities such as recruiting startups as Inception partners, onboarding new members, enabling startups to redeem Inception benefits, and coordinating events to connect the Inception community. This person will report to the Americas Inception lead and will work closely with a sizable cross-functional team within NVIDIA, including Inception, Solutions Engineering, Developer Relations, Product Management, Sales, and Marketing teams.
 What you will be doing:
 You are the first point of contact for the new startups learning about Inception and joining the program
 Scout, identify, and recruit new startups to Inception using information and trends coming from publicly available sources and proprietary data.
 Recruit by doing outreach to startups through email and other channels. You’ll work with Inception’s marketing team on-demand creation activities.
 Onboard new members and help them understand and take advantage of Inception’s benefits.
 Coordinate and execute the delivery of Inception benefits (hardware, DLI credits, among others).
 Regularly update Inception members’ information and status on NVIDIA databases (Salesforce)
 Report on overall recruitment efforts, new members, engagement, and activity on a regular basis
 Provide Inception members with content and tools to educate them on NVIDIA’s solutions and platforms
 Coordinate and support ecosystem events to recruit and connect Inception members
 What we need to see:
 Minimum of 2 years of working experience in related fields such as startup accelerators and incubators, business development, marketing or sales positions at startups, platform ecosystem development at big technology companies, venture capital
 A strong affinity for technology and technical subjects
 Excellent interpersonal skills. Personable, friendly, and enjoy interacting with lots of people. This position will work with partners, NVIDIA internal teams, and hundreds, if not thousands, of startups
 Excellent communication and presentation skills. You are Inception’s advocate in front of startups and other players in the ecosystem
 You’re curious, creative, and constantly think about how you can improve processes
 Ability to be proactive and work with minimal direction
 You have good project management and organizational skills
 Availability to travel domestically and internationally 10% of the time or less
 Bachelor’s degree or similar (or equivalent experience)
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Worked at a top startup accelerator recruiting startups, running, building, and managing the startup community and portfolio companies
 Deeply care for startups and the value they bring to the world
 Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and/or data science experience. Preferably doing business development or similar
 Validated capability to work in a collaborative, matrixed organization
 Passion for understanding and owning metrics and analytics and have a natural inclination to measure the efficiency and effectiveness of programs
 NVIDIA is owning the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens new universes to explore, enables outstanding creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. If you are creative and passionate about developing cloud services, we want to hear from you! Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and passionate about developing cloud services we want you on our team!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Data Scientist salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
