
 
 
 
 PARDOT SPECIALIST - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PARDOT SPECIALIST Penrod Software Remote Remote The Role 
 
Our Marketing Enablement Specialist builds multichannel marketing automation campaigns with clients and works with a team to deliver quality implementations of Pardot and Marketing Cloud. Like to strategize, solution, and execute marketing initiatives? Apply now!
 
 
At Penrod, our Marketing Consulting aims to be forward thinking for our clients and prepare them for the tectonic shift that the Salesforce Data Management Platform and artificial intelligence will bring to the marketing industry. This position may involve travel; willingness to do so is a must. We are committed to people; we strive to put people first in every aspect of our business and company culture. 
 
As a Salesforce Healthcare and Life Sciences expert navigator, Penrod builds amazing experiences that keep its partners ahead of the digital curve.
 
 
Join a great team! 
 
Requirements 
 
What You Must Do To Be Successful In This Position: 
 
 Familiarity and strong interest in technical configuration of Marketing automation software, experience with Salesforce Marketing Cloud or Pardot preferred, but not required 
 Comfortable with email production tools and familiar with critical email marketing concepts such as dynamic content, email deliverability best practices, sms and online advertising models. 
 Familiarity with Marketing and CRM data models 
 Familiarity with basic .html and SQL queries 
 Comfortable training and presenting solutions in front of clients 
 Willingness / ability to travel up to 25% on some projects as required by clients 
 
 What Skills & Experience We’d Like You To Have: 
 
 Willing to working on operational projects for sales, channel, marketing, and/or support organizations 
 Superior time management, prioritization and communication skills 
 A wide degree of flexibility and latitude is expected 
 Extremely detail oriented 
 A desire to constantly evolve and learn new technology 
 Ability to handle stress and last-minute, urgent requests 
 
 Work Perks 
 
Penrod offers its employees a creative and fast-paced working environment. Penrod differentiates itself from others by hiring people who can grow with our company. We hire some of the brightest minds and invest in their personal growth while avoiding politics. 
 
Penrod is a fast-paced, self-driven, highly inclusive culture. 
 
 Work/Life Integration 
 100% Health, Dental, & Vision Coverage 
 Unlimited PTO 
 Volunteer Time Off 
 401k 
 Training Cost Coverage 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Biannual company get-together — PenrodPalooza! 
 Gym reimbursement 
 
 We hope to hear from you soon! 
 
Please note: 
 
Penrod is an equal opportunity employer. Penrod does not discriminate against any employee or applicant because of race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, arrest or conviction record, marital status, military service or any other characteristic protected by applicable local, state or federal law and reasonably accommodates applicants and employees as required by applicable law. 
 
 
To all recruitment agencies: 
Penrod does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Penrod employees, or any other company location. Penrod is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Penrod Software 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at Penrod Software in Remote Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penrod Software Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
