
 
 
 
 Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in Natural Hazards, Energy, Minerals and Materials - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in Natural Hazards, Energy, Minerals and Materials Penn State University 1,421 reviews University Park, PA Penn State University 1,421 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in Natural Hazards, Energy, Minerals and Materials
 Penn State’s Alliance for Education, Science, Engineering and Design with Africa (AESEDA) is recruiting for two tenure-track faculty positions in the College of Earth and Mineral Sciences (EMS), University Park, PA. AESEDA is committed to underserved populations in Africa and its diaspora through research, innovation and solution-based collaboration. Its goal is addressing problems through co-design, increasing capacity and providing access to underserved and underrepresented students, professionals and institutions. AESEDA currently has partnerships in Sub-Saharan Africa. It looks to leverage those partnerships to expand faculty research, teaching and outreach in two broad areas: Natural Hazards, and Energy, Minerals and Materials. All academic departments in EMS are participating, including Meteorology and Atmospheric Science, Geosciences, Geography, Energy and Mineral Engineering, and Materials Science and Engineering. Joint appointments are possible. It is anticipated that both vacancies will be filled at the rank of Assistant Professor, although in exceptional circumstances a candidate of higher rank may be considered for one of the positions.
 Natural Hazards
 We invite applications for one position in the area of weather- and climate-change-related natural hazards and disasters. We seek a candidate whose area of research includes monitoring/measurements of natural hazards using Earth observations and/or prediction of these hazards using a suite of modeling tools ranging from global, regional models and data assimilation to Geographic Information Science (GISc) and/or, data science techniques such as Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning. We believe that the integration of observations and tools may provide a unique perspective for the prediction of natural hazards, mitigate the impacts of natural hazards on humans and infrastructure, and can inform decision-makers.
 Energy, Minerals and Materials
 We invite applications for one position in the area of energy, minerals and materials. We seek a candidate whose area of research focuses on one or more of the following areas: renewable energy, carbon capture and storage, mineral processing and characterization, mineral resource management, materials sustainability and safety, energy grids and networks, techno-economic and data-driven analysis of energy technologies, impacts of energy technologies on the environment and ecosystems, mineral/energy justice and policy.
 The final candidates are expected to leverage AESEDA’s partnerships in West and Southern Africa as they develop their research portfolio, while also serving as an anchor for the AESEDA community at Penn State University. Successful applicants will be expected to engage with our active research and teaching community by developing a vigorous, externally funded research program, contributing to the home department’s undergraduate and graduate teaching mission, and working to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion by assisting in improving underrepresented minority student populations at the departmental level and within the College of Earth and Mineral Sciences.
 A completed PhD degree in one of the departmental areas: Energy and Mineral Engineering, Geography, Geosciences, Meteorology and Atmospheric Science, Materials Science and Engineering or related fields, such as Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering is required by the effective date of employment.
 The appointment could begin as early as January 1, 2022, pending successful background check and degree completion. Review of applications will begin on August 1, 2021 and continue until the positions are filled. Applications must be submitted electronically and should include: (i) cover letter; (ii) curriculum vitae; (iii) statement of research plans and vision; (iv) statement of teaching philosophy and interests; (v) statement describing plans for fostering diversity, inclusion, and equity within the department and the applicant’s research community; (vi) three example publications and (vii) names and contact information for three references.
 The College of Earth and Mineral Sciences relies on the expertise, sensitivity and commitment of an inclusive faculty to enhance diversity, seek equity, and create a welcoming environment within our community. We are committed to nurturing a learning and working environment that respects differences in culture, age, gender, race, ethnicity, physical ability, sexual orientation, and religious affiliation. In welcoming every candidate, we strive to meet the needs of professional families by actively assisting with partner-placement needs.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Miner jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Miner salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,421 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
