
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Firmware Engineer - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Firmware Engineer Apple 10,251 reviews San Diego, CA Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Oct 21, 2020 
Role Number: 200199213 
We live in a mobile and device driven world, where Deep Learning technology enables a new class of applications.
Are you passionate about enabling unique user experiences such as Face ID, Animoji, and AR games? Imagine the countless possibilities powered by Artificial Intelligence.
In the Camera Engineering team, we are dedicated to providing hardware acceleration using the new proprietary Apple Neural Engine SOC to enable real time, low power and high performance execution of Deep Learning workloads.
The Apple Neural Engine Firmware team is working on exciting technologies for future Apple products. We're looking for a driven and dedicated engineer to work on the next generation of Apple products. 
Key Qualifications 
Experience with SoC or/and GPU acceleration for AI 
Experience with SW/HW parallelism, and asynchronous processing 
Experience with embedded systems, and real time OS development 
Experience with low level OS/driver programming 
Excellent programming skills of C/C++ 
Excellent software design, problem solving and debugging skills 
Good understanding of Deep Learning workloads 
Excellent communication and teamwork skills 
Description 
You will implement control and manage Apple Neural Engine SoC, with an emphasis on performance and power and stability.
You will add support for new hardware feature into the Apple Neural Engine firmware stack. You will run performance analysis and optimization of ML workloads running on Apple Neural Engine.
You will evaluate existing hardware blocks and contribute to the definition of new hardware blocks.
You will collaborate with the hardware team to review hardware specifications; in addition, you will work closely with the design and micro-architecture team to understand the functional and performance goals of the design, and design appropriate tests.
You will also partner with the driver/compiler teams to integrate HW acceleration in our software stack. 
Education & Experience 
Master's degree or higher in Computer Science or equivalent field. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Apple in San Diego, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
