
 
 
 
 Software Development Engineer - Alexa Secure AI Foundation - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Engineer - Alexa Secure AI Foundation Amazon.com Services LLC 72,138 reviews Bellevue, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 
The Alexa Secure AI Foundation team’s vision is to make it intuitive and efficient to build, integrate, and operate Artificial Intelligence (AI). These world class services powers Alexa’s benchmark setting AI models in speech, acoustic events, image and text enabling myriad Alexa experiences ultimately making Alexa delightful for customers. Said another way, Alexa ML Services organization provides tools and process to make AI building easier. Customers include Scientists, Data Analysts, Product Owners, and the Alexa end users. We are part of the larger Amazon Alexa organization, but we support multiple Amazon business units across the company applying ML in a collection of domains including: speech recognition, language understanding, intelligent decisions, object detection, and additional applications in both audio processing and computer vision.
 
As a Software Development Engineer on the team, you will be responsible for designing and developing products and services which will enhance Alexa AI. You will be working on a team with other talented engineers and operate in a fast-paced environment. You will be constantly innovating to build large scale distributed systems for Machine Learning.
 
 
 Experience developing cloud software services and a deep understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. 
 Experience with Machine Learning. 
 
By submitting your application here, you can apply once to be considered for multiple Software Engineer openings across various Amazon teams. If you are successful in passing through the initial application review and assessment, you will be asked to submit your career and personal preferences so that our dedicated recruiters can match you to the right role based on these preferences.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Security Specialist jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Bellevue, WA IT Security Specialist salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,138 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
