
 
 
 
 (Senior) Audit Associate - Software - Alpharetta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search (Senior) Audit Associate - Software Siemens 9,995 reviews Alpharetta, GA Siemens 9,995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you really want to make a difference, make it with us! 
 
We are looking for a  (Senior) Audit Associate  with software background. 
 
Controlling and Finance Assurance (CF A) helps Siemens achieve its goals by providing objective, factual and independent assurance to the Siemens Managing Board and Audit Committee. As a business partner to Siemens executive management, we maximize our expertise in a wide range of topics in order to build impact that inspires change with improved financial results. 
 
CF A is a unique Global Leadership Development Program, stretched over a period of three to five years. We offer a vibrant, diverse and inclusive environment, which ensures a variety of perspectives and enables big picture thinking. We offer continuous career coaching and mentoring throughout the program, all whilst working with top Siemens business leaders on multiple high-profile projects around the world. This is your chance to build your network within the company, develop your operational experience and prepare yourself for a leading role. 
 
As software and digitalization gains growing significance in Siemens, our Operational and Financial Audit Practice plays a pivotal role in providing assurance to the Managing Board and the Audit Committee on the software lifecycle development process. We as CF A build impact by exploring questions around development, sales and accounting for software to improve the long-term profitability of the enterprise. Using sophisticated analytics, visualization technologies and artificial intelligence, CFA is actively working on the future of assurance. 
Learn more at: www.siemens.com/cfa
 In your new role, you will: 
 
 Identify key risks in Siemens’s operational and financial environment with a particular focus on software and develop an understanding of business processes, goals, and strategy in order to provide analysis and interpretation to management 
 Design and execute comprehensive audit programs and controls to address the identified risks 
 Lead site visits in an international environment 
 Develop and promote digital use cases that increase coverage and overall assurance in collaboration with our data analytics team 
 Handle multiple partners in sophisticated environments 
 Lead meetings with clients to present the team’s conclusions and recommended improvements 
 Collaborate with external auditors to ensure effective and efficient audit procedures 
 Maintain and build your network in various Siemens businesses and functions 
 Make use of the outstanding chance to participate in audits within other functional areas 
 Requirements include:
 Strong academic background including a bachelor’s degree in engineering, IT, computer science, business administration 
 Proficient in at least one of the following areas: Software Product Lifecycle Management, DevOps, R&D, Agile software development 
 Audit Associate  role requires 4 to 6 years of relevant operations experience in industries similar to Siemens (technology, software, manufacturing, product business) or comparable experience within Siemens 
 Senior Audit Associate  role requires 5 to 8 years of relevant operations experience in industries similar to Siemens (technology, software, manufacturing, product business) or comparable experience within Siemens 
 Vital skills, experience and motivation to develop out of Controlling and Finance Assurance department within 3-5 years and move into a business role at Siemens 
 Commitment to continuous learning and education 
 Proven history of career advancement 
 Ability to continue on an accelerated career track 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 Flexibility to travel (including internationally). 
 Preferred Requirements:
 Master’s degree in engineering, IT, computer science, business administration 
 Domestic and/or international mobility including previous experience either working or studying abroad 
 Related professional qualification or certifications (CSDP, PMP, Scrum, AWS, Six Sigma, or PM@Siemens) 
 General project management expertise in a sophisticated global organization 
 #LI-MGP 
Organization:  Controlling and Finance 
Company:  Siemens Corporation 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Audit Associate jobs in Alpharetta, GA Jobs at Siemens in Alpharetta, GA Senior Audit Associate salaries in Alpharetta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Siemens 9,995 reviews Siemens AG is a German engineering conglomerate, the largest of its kind in Europe. Siemens has international headquarters located in Ber... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
