
 
 
 
 Associate Consultant, Healthcare - Dallas, TX 75206 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Associate Consultant, Healthcare CALL BOX Dallas, TX 75206 Job details Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description Description:
 
Call Box exists to grow people. We believe that everyone wants to become a better version of themselves, and we work hard to provide a software and a culture that maximizes that growth mindset. We hire smart and ambitious doers and set them loose in an exciting and complex technology business where they will build, sell, and deploy Artificial Intelligence solutions in a dynamic business environment. Our solutions attack one of the biggest business problems in existence today: the phone. 
Bold, curious and growth-minded people create success wherever they end up, and we need as many of those folks as we can find! Our Associate Consultants are the oil in the machine that allows our fast-paced company to continue to grow. Associate Consultants must be resilient and tenacious as they are tasked with developing and enhancing relationships with clients to whom they communicate the value of our industry-leading artificial intelligence software. 
. Requirements:
 
What you'll do: 
Project manage a smooth implementation and adoption of our software with new clients 
Independently drive engagement and produce results for our clients 
Build relationships with c-level executives to help them improve phone processes, increase sales, and ultimately, grow their business 
Work alongside Senior Consultants and Account Executives to complete high-level and long-term projects 
Become an industry expert, advising clients on current trends and best practice objectives 
Generate additional revenue opportunities for our sales team to continue to expand our client-base 
Visit our clients to help implement our solutions in their workflow 
Our ideal candidates: 
Have a Bachelor's degree with a minimum GPA of 3.0 * 
Have previous internship or comparable work experience 
Are leaders within their organizations and communities 
Thrive in a team atmosphere 
Are flexible and innovative thinkers 
Are eager to develop and refine strong communication and analytical skills 
Have a willingness for client-based travel up to 65% (10-12 business days / month) 
Are competitive and driven to overcome new challenges 
What's in it for you: 
Competitive salary package (immediate PTO!) 
Full medical and dental insurance plans 
Fidelity 401k with company match options 
Fun perks including a FitBit, a monthly gym reimbursement, a Kindle, and a monthly reading allowance 
Clearly defined opportunities for career growth 
Mentorship programs with our Executive teams 
Catered breakfast Thursdays, Employee of the Month rewards, quarterly company events 
Greatness is rewarded at Call Box. Whether entry-level or experienced, we believe everyone has a drive to grow, learn and improve. This is a job you'll never find dull or stagnant because we’re constantly presented with new challenges and depend on our people for new ideas. By approaching each day with an entrepreneurial spirit and appetite for growth, you'll be rewarded. If the Associate Consultant role sounds rewarding and exciting, but you don't fit the bachelor's degree requirement, we would still love to meet you! Apply for our Consulting Internship here, for an opportunity to enroll in our internship-to-hire program. Learn the ropes as a full-time, paid intern, and gain the experience that will directly lead to success in the Associate Consultant role. CENTURY INTERACTIVE COMPANY LC 30+ days ago original job Report job Associate Consultant jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at CALL BOX in Dallas, TX Associate Consultant salaries in Dallas, TX Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
