
 
 
 
 Investments Professionals - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Investments Professionals AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS Remote Remote Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Employer Profile
 
AAA Intergalactic Investments Corp. is a company of the Awards-winning AAA Intergalactic Investments Group (AAA INTERGALACTIC) – the first financial group dedicated to interplanetary and intergalactic infrastructure.
 
AAA INTERGALACTIC received the Award for BEST RENEWABLES AND FUTURISTIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
 
AAA Intergalactic's core team has extensive global experience in the areas of:
 
Futuristic Infrastructure including Intergalactic Infrastructure, Renewable Energy, Smart Real Estate, Telecommunications, Financial Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Insurance, Logistics, Agriculture, African Industry.
 
AAA Intergalactic is a young dynamic financial group with team members:
 
 
 active in 59 partner countries 
 from 60 nationalities 
 locally 
 
rooted and globally connected across several countries
 
 and speaking 
 
more than 76 local languages
 
AAA Intergalactic's companies are active in the cosmos, precisely in America, Europe, Africa and Asia. AAA Intergalactic creates motivational growth conditions through a positive working environment. We have a sincere, direct, scrupulous, and fair management culture. We train our staff members and recruit worldwide. Purposeful team members are recognised and generously rewarded. You can become one of AAA Intergalactic Investments Group's members if you are human, competent, self-confident, self-motivated, have an international experience and are multilingual.
 
Watch our videos
 
1\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDn0j7DldoY&t=7s
 
2\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-3ar6tXUG0&t=1s
 
3\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzaaNB8AfRY&t=16s
 
4\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=TprSm-FF3E8
 
5\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzaaNB8AfRY&t=19s
 
5\. www.youtube.com/channel/UC5kE8zNVq5uJBGzNBe8yncw
 
We employ committed investment professionals from different nationalities, and career backgrounds on planet Earth working across
 the full investment life cycle including the origination and execution of new investments and the management of our growing portfolio.
 
Tasks
 
 
 Evaluation, structuring and negotiation of investment opportunities 
 Perform detailed asset valuation, financial analysis and benchmarking 
 Perform buy-side due diligence across commercial, technical, legal and other due diligence areas 
 Liaising with key counterparties including advisers, lenders and corporate representatives 
 Preparation of investment approval documents and participation in 
 
investment committee meetings
 
 Support existing investments, including monitoring of ongoing financial and operational performance, performing valuations and preparing documentation in advance of board meetings 
 Monitoring the activities and performance of competitor companies 
 
Requirements
 
We welcome diversity and are looking to complement our team with people sharing the following qualifications and abilities:
 
 
 Relationship driven personality that likes to work in an international environment 
 Great commercial judgment 
 Dynamic entrepreneurial personality with strong communication skills 
 Excellent financial modelling skills and analytical mindset 
 A genuine interest and knowledge of private equity and Emerging markets 
 Completed Master’s degree or MBA University degree in economics, finance, Technology, Engineering or business administration 
 Strong financial modelling experience, and solid understanding of valuation methodologies of REAL ASSETS, and financial statements – prior experience in assessing financial institutions 
 Proven track record in complex project management and negotiating agreements 
 Fluent proficiency in English and at least one other European, African(including Arabic) or Asian language 
 1-4 years’ work experience in investment banking, strategy consulting or private equity 
 Experience in emerging Markets would be an advantage 
 Entrepreneurial spirit and proactive "can-do" attitude 
 An open-minded, team player, curious, and hands-on mentality 
 
Benefits
 
This position can offer full-time benefits, and periodic review for incentive pay based on organisational and personal achievement. The full package will be based on education and experience and will be commensurate with other social impact investment organisations.
 
How will you be recruited?
 
Given the restrictions correlated to the COVID-19 pandemic, all interviews will be conducted by virtual connection to protect our candidates and employees.
 
Please send us your CV, including your photo and your cover letter.
 
 Start:  Immediately or as soon as possible
 
Apply now if you are a professional who has been looking for opportunities to make an impactful and positive difference in our target industries and regions in the cosmos.
 
Your Recruiting Team
 AAA Intergalactic Investments Corp.
 30 Wall Street
 New York City, NY 10005
 United States of America
 
Please find more opportunities on our career page AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS 18 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
