
 
 
 
 Technical Writer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Writer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,138 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 BS in computer science or a degree in technical communications or a related discipline. 
 A minimum of 5 years' experience writing technical documentation. 
 Ability to manage multiple, competing priorities. 
 Ability to create clear, concise documentation and express complex concepts in simple terms. 
 Ability to create API reference and work with sample code in programming languages, such as Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, .NET, or Go. 
 Experience using XML-based content publishing tools. 
 Experience using and following a style guide. 
 
The AWS Partner Services Documentation team is looking for a technical writer to join our team documenting AWS Marketplace - a digital catalog with thousands of software listings from independent software vendors that make it easy to find, test, buy, and deploy software that runs on AWS. For a look at our AWS Marketplace documentation, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/marketplace.
 
Ideally, you have both a technical background that enables easy interaction with software developers and a demonstrated ability to deliver high-quality technical documentation. We're also looking for some experience with web services, Linux, XML, and GIT. While we don’t expect you to be an expert in these areas, we hope you are excited to learn about them.
 
The AWS Documentation team writes and provides support for a diverse audience consisting of developers, DevOps professionals, IT professionals, technical program managers, and scientists. We have both the technical background and the writing background that enable our team to deliver high-quality technical documentation. On behalf of our customers, we do much more than just write the docs. We innovate, we research, we learn, and we experiment. We work with product managers to understand our customers’ needs. We partner with software developers to learn the inner workings of AWS services so that we can influence design and the customer experience. We know that what we do makes a difference in the successful adoption and implementation of AWS services.
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 Learn more about Amazon on our Day 1 Blog:  https://blog.aboutamazon.com.
 
 
 Experience managing stakeholders with sometimes-competing priorities. 
 Experience working with GitHub. 
 A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results. 
 Passion to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing, agile working environment. 
 Excellent troubleshooting skills, with an enthusiastic attitude to support and resolve customer problems. 
 Strong attention to detail. 
 Strong interpersonal skills. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Writer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Technical Writer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,138 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
