
 
 
 
 Software Developer - Labs - Bloomington, IL 61701 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer - Labs State Farm 12,462 reviews Bloomington, IL 61701 State Farm 12,462 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview: 
We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! Come join our passionate team! 
As a Fortune 50 company, we hire the best employees to serve our customers, making us a leader in the insurance and financial services industry. State Farm embraces diversity and inclusion to ensure a workforce that is engaged, builds on the strengths and talents of all associates, and creates a Good Neighbor culture. 
We offer competitive benefits and pay with the potential for an annual financial award based on both individual and enterprise performance. Our employees have an opportunity to participate in volunteer events within the community and engage in a learning culture. We offer programs to assist with tuition reimbursement, professional designations, employee development, wellness initiatives, and more! 
Visit our Careers page for more information on our benefits, locations and the process of joining the State Farm team! 
Responsibilities: 
Overview: 
State Farm Labs mission is to advance what is possible, with a vision to transform and disrupt the present to accelerate our future. Some ways we’re doing that today are exploring the applications of Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, Cloud Services, Data Science, etc. within State Farm’s current and future products and services; but more importantly we’re working to discover THE NEXT BIG THING!!! Come and join the teams in Labs who are working on the future for State Farm! 
Responsibilities: 
This is an opportunity to join the exciting work of the Product Management Practices team as we drive world-class product management discipline that turns opportunity into reality. We are looking for a software developer to automate and support the collection and consumption of product-centric data for use by Labs product teams and leadership. This includes close collaboration with data owners and consumers across multiple RED Labs horizontal teams, including Platform & Operations, Data & Analytics, Legal, Purchasing & Risk, IT Service Management and Quality Assurance Practices, and more. 
Qualifications: 
Required Skills: 
AWS technologies such as: S3, IAM, DynamoDB, RDS, AWS Glue, Lambda, Athena, SQS, SNS, QuickSight 
Experience deploying solutions and configurations through automation technologies (leveraging Terraform) 
Experience developing SDLC CI/CD pipelines including strong SDLC practice knowledge (GitLab runners) 
Experience developing in a coding language (Python)
 Web page development (HTML, Javascript) 
Preferred Skills: 
Docker experience desired 
1 – 2+ years of agile product team experience 
Bachelor's degree in STEM field or work equivalent 
AWS certification 
Incumbency: This position will have a 12-month incumbency period, beginning on the effective date of the position, which must be met before the employee can post for any other lateral State Farm position. 
**Applicants are required to be eligible to lawfully work in the U.S. immediately; employer will not sponsor applicants for U.S. work authorization (e.g. H-1B visa) for this opportunity. 
#LI-LP1 
SFARM 
JT18 State Farm 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Bloomington, IL Jobs at State Farm in Bloomington, IL Software Engineer salaries in Bloomington, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from State Farm State Farm 12,462 reviews State Farm® is the largest auto insurer in the U.S. since 1942. About one of every five cars on the road is insured with State Farm.  Sta... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
