
 
 
 
 Director Global Health & Safety - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Global Health & Safety Griffith Foods 77 reviews Remote Remote Griffith Foods 77 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Director Global Health & Safety 
 Virtual Req #1315
  Tuesday, June 15, 2021 
 GRIFFITH FOODS 
 
 Griffith Foods is a global manufacturer of food products. We provide a wide range of taste and texture components for food industry customers throughout the world. Our products include seasoning blends, dry mixes, coating systems, dough blends, crumbs, flavors, sauces and food bases that are used in an extensive variety of application from snack foods and processed meat and poultry to ready meals. Our customers include food processors, restaurant operators and grocery retailers. While our name may not be familiar to consumers, our products are key components of foods offered by many of the world’s best-known companies.
 
 Location:  Open
 Summary:   The role reports into the Vice President, Supply Chain and is accountable for Health & Safety (H&S) program execution and compliance globally for Griffith Foods.
 Essential Duties & Responsibilities:
 Set the vision and the strategic direction for the H&S organization and drive H&S excellence across the company.
 Drive the implementation of programs and initiatives to foster a strong behavioral centric culture across the company.
 Cultivate and reinforce appropriate group values, norms, and behaviors.
 Foster a team culture around behavioral safety, that supports operational excellence, and is results orientated.
 In charge of leading the strategy for company-wide leadership and management of the H&S policies, procedures and operational guidance that will enable a culture of workforce behaviors directed towards safety, health, incident and accident prevention and regulatory compliance.
 Provide expertise and leadership that will engage the operational leaders in driving the cultural change towards behavioral safety and safety compliance throughout the organization. A culture that keeps our employees safe, protects the loss exposure of the company, and is focused on behavioral changes, while engaging in first class compliance with applicable government regulations (local, regional and global) and internal standards and values.
 Responsible for ensuring H&S culture engagement efforts are implemented and well-aligned with the business strategies across functions throughout the organization.
 Design H&S strategies/programs for all levels (global, regional, local), and drive prioritization of safety, ergonomics, regulatory compliance, and integration of H&S performance objectives into Operation Excellence directing all Regional H&S Leaders, and influencing local, regional and global business partners to drive prioritization.
 Develops new and innovative behavior centered programs to motivate the workforce to participate and engage in H&S.
 Develop and implement strategy for streamlining of ISO certifications across the company.
 Leads a team of dedicated H&S professionals with responsibility for talent development and mentoring related to technical expertise and leadership capability.
 Full understanding of the business strategies to conceptualize, recommend and implement H&S business processes that ensure alignment with the corporation strategy.
 Requirements: 
 Bachelors’ degree in health sciences, safety engineering, environmental engineering or related field.
 Minimum of 15 years with at least 5 years in leadership role in multi-national organization.
 Experience in changing safety culture/behavior throughout an organization.
 Must have sound knowledge of global environmental, health and safety regulatory and statutory requirements, including ISO certifications.
 Good understanding of current technology applications used in H&S and a curiosity and willingness to embrace future technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning to further improve H&S performance and to enable the next step change in industry safety.
 Exercises vision and sound judgment at both global and local levels. Must be willing to tackle tough issues with tact and diplomacy in a timely fashion.
 Strong leadership, talent management, change execution, and financial management skills. Readily and actively contributes to the success of the global team.
 Ability to work cross-organizationally through matrix reporting structures to accomplish strategic objectives as well as organization development goals.
 Strong communication skills, both written and oral.
 Decision-making skills and ability to build respect and influence at all levels.
 Ability to act as change agent through interactions with other; ability to work with suppliers/vendors to support H&S objectives.
 Variable global travel required, estimated to average 15-25% annually. 
 
 
 EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability 
 Other details 
 Job Family   Safety & Security   Job Function   Safety & Security   Pay Type   Salary   Travel Required   Yes   Travel %   20   Required Education   Bachelor’s Degree Griffith Foods 7 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Safety Director jobs in Remote Jobs at Griffith Foods in Remote Safety Director salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Griffith Foods Griffith Foods 77 reviews ​​​​For food companies around the world,​​​ Griffith Foods is the caring, creative product development​ partner whose people help our cus... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
