
 
 
 
 AI/ML - ML Researcher, Siri Understanding - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - ML Researcher, Siri Understanding Apple 10,251 reviews Cambridge, MA Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 15, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200220367 
Home Office:   Yes 
Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Build groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. Join the team that brings speech recognition to the next level for Apple devices and services around the world. 
Key Qualifications 
Experience working with speech recognition / machine learning toolkits (such as HTK, Kaldi, SRILM, OpenFST, Tensorflow or equivalent proprietary systems) 
Strong programming skills in developing machine learning software 
Expert in designing and implementing experiments, improving machine learning algorithms and models with a holistic approach bringing algorithms, data, and models together 
Familiar with large-scale data analysis using distributed systems 
Passion for solving speech recognition challenges in Apple products. 
Description 
You will be a part of an organization responsible for a wide variety of speech-related research and development activities, including acoustic modeling, language modeling and tools development. Our research in speech recognition emphasizes robust solutions that power different hardware in various languages for all customers. We are particularly passionate about semi-supervised techniques to leverage large quantities of data. You should be passionate about building phenomenal products. You'll work with engineers and researchers combining rich industrial experiences, strong research background, and software engineering in a collaborative and dynamic environment with evolving priorities. 
Education & Experience 
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent degree Apple 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Apple in Cambridge, MA Researcher salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
