
 
 
 
 Principal Statistical Engineer - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Statistical Engineer Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
As a Central Engineering (CE) Stats Engineer for Micron Technology, Inc., you will work with the teams responsible for taking the next generation devices from design to high volume production. In this position you will focus on analysis of component reliability testing, quality testing, and RMA failures to identify opportunities to drive enhanced product reliability. Your primary responsibility will be to utilize component reliability testing combine with statistical reliability analysis techniques to ensure customer product reliability and support manufacturing test efficiency. You will responsible for communicating and coordinating with Management, Product, Process, Assembly, Test, and Quality Engineering Teams for product reliability related test issues. In addition, you will work with the Central Engineering Stats team to provide stats and data science consulting, project support, training, and stats mentoring. 
Responsibilities include, but not limited 
Work with CE stats team to complete routine component reliability testing results evaluation and report, including necessary additional evaluation/analysis of abnormality and communication with relevant parties. Complete other regular DRAM, Mobile/Auto, NAND/mNAND, WLBI evaluations. 
Collaborate with Test, Product, Global Quality, and fab Engineering to address component test (DRAM burn-in, NAND/mNAND BZK, etc) related product quality & reliability and production efficiency including timely evaluation and recommendation of test condition adjustment, participating/updating different departments’ weekly/monthly component reliability meetings and necessary follow up, providing necessary consulting and support for reliability tests (component or wafer form) related DOE, data analysis, etc. projects. 
Using advanced stats and Data Science (DS) techniques to develop solutions that address the needs of component (DRAM, NAND, 3DXP, HBM, etc.) reliability test at both component level and wafer level. 
Sever as company’s Subject Matter Expert (SME) to provide component reliability consulting / support for company managements, Fab, Product, TEST, Global Quality, and external customers. 
Provide timely support to stats or data science related projects from areas across the company when requested. 
Serve as a SME of Stats & DS to provide companywide consulting in research and development of advanced stats and DS methods/procedures. 
Work with the company’s stats and DS community to organize company’s Stats/DS events, support different area’s TLP Stats/DS events 
Serve as the SME to provide Stats/DS consulting for management and external customers. 
Work with CE stats team to deliver scheduled Stats courses at Boise site and support the course and train the trainer needs from other areas across the company 
Work with the company’s engineer, stats, and DS community to develop engineering stats and DS training courses or training material. Work with other stats and DS teams across company to provide mentoring for TMs in promoting DS based decision make practices. 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Ph.D in Statistics, Mathematical Science, or Data Science, or in Electrical or Computer Engineering with 5-10 years working experience in industry statistics, data science, product reliability. 
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, and good ability to break down complex problems and formulate practical and effective solutions. 
Detail oriented with high degree of ownership over underlying data analysis. 
Highly motivated and resilient, be able to independently work on and be fully responsible for projects. 
Strong communication skills 
Ability to build positive relationships 
Experience working in teams and good ability to work well with others 
Experience and skill in at least one statistical software, 
Experience and skill in at least one scripting language 
Good presentation Skills 
Preferred Skills: 
Good knowledge of DRAM and NAND fab, probe, or test process 
Semiconductor process coursework and/or experience 
Scripting skills in Perl, Python, JMP, or other scripting languages. 
Teaching experience 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form Micron 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Principal Software Engineer salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
