
 
 
 
 Senior Ediscovery Processing Engineer - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Ediscovery Processing Engineer DISCO Texas Remote We are seeking a customer-focused individual with strong data processing skills to join DISCO's growing Professional Services team. In this role, you will consult with customers to prepare data for legal review in DISCO's ediscovery platform, provide assistance to end-users throughout the legal discovery process, troubleshoot technical issues, and guide customers to use the DISCO platform optimally. You will also provide critical technical input to the Engineering team to diagnose and address platform issues and prioritize enhancements to the product.
 Your Impact
 
You will be part of a technical team who works closely with our clients on all aspects of matter management, data processing, and data manipulation.
 
You will work on challenging projects with complex data that requires advanced data analysis and manipulation using industry standard tools.
 
You will work closely with our product and engineering teams by providing feedback on technical issues and submitting feature requests on behalf of our clients.
 
What You'll Do
 
Coordinate the processing, loading, and exporting of data to and from our ediscovery platform.
 Troubleshoot data issues encountered while working with unstructured data (email, office documents, chats) and structured data (production data).
 Prioritize workload assignments and communicate job status and potential issues to internal and external stakeholders.
 Manipulate incoming load files manually and programmatically to meet DISCO ingest specifications.
 Perform thorough quality control and validations on all assigned tasks prior to delivery.
 Create custom data productions that conform to client technical specifications.
 Facilitate the administration and tracking of client data and perform periodic audits of the same to ensure that DISCO is in-line with the client's case requirements and data retention policies.
 Accurately log and classify issues to provide complete information for Engineering interventions, product improvements, reporting, and other needs within DISCO.
 Handle multiple projects and priorities in a highly time-sensitive environment.
 Proactively contribute to improvements in our product and related documentation.
 Adhere to company policies and procedures for creating, updating and resolving tickets. Proactively monitor open tickets in Salesforce, contact customers and provide updates in a timely manner.
 Interact directly with clients via email or phone on all data related inquiries and advise DISCO customers on how to best leverage the platform. This will involve the ability to analyze the client's needs and determine the appropriate course of action, including identifying opportunities for smart workarounds when necessary.
 Displays professionalism, quality service and a "can do" attitude to internal members/departments of DISCO as well as external clients and vendors via written and verbal communication.
 
Who You Are
 
3+ years of ediscovery or digital forensics data processing experience with a strong understanding of the ediscovery lifecycle and related data processing standards and concepts, including data processing, data deduplication, de-nisting, imaging, metadata extraction, load files, and data migration across ediscovery platforms.
 Technical troubleshooting skills to understand and address data file issues, identify and navigate network problems, and diagnose various technical issues.
 Strong understanding of relational databases.
 Advanced skills with Excel (vlookups, macros, etc.). Experience using formulas in Excel to manipulate data.
 Knowledge of various data storage methodologies, data collections, data processing and methods of electronic production.
 Ability to accurately determine a client's requirements and take ownership of client requests.
 Strong communication skills (written and verbal) in order to interact effectively with coworkers and clients.
 Attention to detail, strong organization, and client-service orientation skills.
 Bachelor's Degree:  in Technology, Business, Legal or related fields; or significant relevant experience.
 Ability to work from our Austin, TX headquarters.
 
Even Better If You Have...
 
Advanced skills in relational databases such as SQL or MS Access preferred.
 Knowledge of EDRM, including the ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences on the life-cycle of litigation.
 Strong interest in technology with excellent problem-solving skills, with initiative to research and craft creative technical solutions.
 About DISCO
 
DISCO provides a cloud-native, artificial intelligence-powered legal solution that simplifies ediscovery, legal document review and case management for enterprises, law firms, legal services providers and governments. Our scalable, integrated solution enables legal departments to easily collect, process and review enterprise data that is relevant or potentially relevant to legal matters.
 
In 2020, 171 law firms in the 2020 AmLaw 200 used DISCO in the course of legal work on behalf of their clients. More than 800 enterprises, law firms, legal services providers and government organizations are DISCO customers.
 
Are you ready to revolutionize the practice of law? Join us!
 Perks of DISCO
 
Open, inclusive, and fun environment
 Benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, as well as 401(k) (EU coming soon)
 Competitive salary plus stock options
 Flexible PTO
 Opportunity to be a part of a company that is revolutionizing the legal industry
 Growth opportunities throughout the company
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Disco 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Process Engineer jobs in Texas Jobs at DISCO in Texas Senior Process Engineer salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from DISCO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
