
 
 
 
 Sr Data Scientist (Fridley, MN, Irvine, CA, Mansfield, MA or Remote within the US) - Minneapolis, MN 55432 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Data Scientist (Fridley, MN, Irvine, CA, Mansfield, MA or Remote within the US) Medtronic 4,329 reviews Minneapolis, MN 55432 Remote Medtronic 4,329 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Title: Senior Data Scientist
 
 Req Number 21000FHY 
 Location: Fridley, MN, Irvine, CA, Mansfield, MA, or Remote within the US 
 
 Careers That Change Lives 
 In this exciting role as a Senior Data Scientist you will have responsibility for transforming the way Quality utilizes data by creating opportunities to drive automation, models and insights, through artificial intelligence, machine learning and natural image processing. 
 Our Global Quality Strategy is rooted in the Medtronic Mission and our Quality Policy. Being a 'trusted partner' means always putting patient safety first, upholding product quality, and maintaining the highest ethical standards in our business relationships and programs. 
 A Day in the Life
 Develops and programs integrated software algorithms to structure, analyze and leverage data in product and systems applications in both structured and unstructured environments. Develops and communicates descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive insights/algorithms. Uses machine language and statistical modeling techniques such as decision trees, logistic regression, Bayesian analysis and others to develop and evaluate algorithms to improve product/system performance, quality, data management and accuracy. Uses current programming language and technologies to translate algorithms and technical specifications into code. Applies deep learning technologies to give computers the capability to visualize, learn and respond to complex situations. Adapts machine learning to areas such as virtual reality, augmented reality, artificial intelligence, robotics and other products that allow users to have an interactive experience. Works with large scale computing frameworks, data analysis systems and modeling environments. 
 
 Must Have: Minimum Requirements 
Bachelors degree with 4+ years of experience in statistics, data analytics, data science, AI or related experience, or Advanced degree with 2+ years of experience in statistics, data analytics, data science, AI or related experience, 
 
 Nice to Have 
 
Advanced knowledge of probability and statistics 
Mathematical Optimization 
Multivariable Calculus & Linear Algebra 
Data Wrangling 
Programming capabilities (Python, R, SQL, etc) 
Data science workbench utilization and skills 
Data Visualization, Manipulation and Analysis 
Machine Learning/Deep Learning 
 
 About Medtronic 
Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. 
 
We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. 
 
Physical Job Requirements 
 
The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. (ADA-United States of America) 
 Less than 10% travel Medtronic 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Minneapolis, MN Jobs at Medtronic in Minneapolis, MN Senior Data Scientist salaries in Minneapolis, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medtronic Medtronic 4,329 reviews At Medtronic, we believe in the power of medical technology to improve lives. Seven decades ago, our co-founder invented the battery-powe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
