
 
 
 
 Principal Data Scientist - Durham, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Data Scientist Fidelity Investments 3,964 reviews Durham, NC 27709 Fidelity Investments 3,964 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Role 
The Emerging Technology Data Science Team within Asset Management Technology is seeking a highly motivated and technical data scientist passionate about the application of new technologies. This individual will collaborate with other data scientists to prototype, learn, and ultimately deliver solutions utilizing techniques such as machine learning, artificial intelligence and big data analytics. 
The role will be available in Raleigh, NC; Boston, MA; Merrimack, NH; Westlake, TX; or Denver, CO. 
The Expertise and Skills You Bring 
Minimum Master’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields. 
Sophisticated knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies. 
Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.) 
Proven experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project. 
Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. 
Programming skills in Python, Spark, Scala, R, SQL, or Matlab. 
An ability to translate sophisticated topics to non-technical audiences. 
Skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling. 
You have deep knowledge of some combination of the following: 
Natural Language Processing (NLP) 
Deep Learning, Neural Networks 
Reinforcement Learning 
Time series analysis 
The Team 
The Emerging Technology team is on the frontier of Asset Management Technology and delivers innovative, scalable, industry-leading investment tools that enable Asset Management to achieve a global advantage. Our work in this truly groundbreaking initiative will provide a major contribution to Asset Management’s investment performance and scale and efficiency objectives. 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation please contact the following: 
 
For roles based in the US: Contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations@fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2 
For roles based in Ireland: Contact AccommodationsIreland@fmr.com 
For roles based in Germany: Contact accommodationsgermany@fmr.com 
Fidelity Privacy policy
 Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity Investments, our customers are at the heart of everything we do. As a privately held company with a rich 75-year history, our mission has remained the same since our founding:  to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients . We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money. 
 
 Join Us 
 
At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning and growth so you can build the career you’ve always imagined. We welcome associates from different backgrounds and with different perspectives to help us innovate and make a difference for our customers and our communities. 
 
We invite you to  Find Your Fidelity  at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Durham, NC Principal Scientist salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 3,964 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
