
 
 
 
 Algorithm and Decision Support Tech Lead - Indianapolis, IN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Algorithm and Decision Support Tech Lead Roche 2,219 reviews Indianapolis, IN Roche 2,219 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary
 Assists in the planning and execution of product development projects while adhering to budget, scope and schedule requirements. Helps ensure consistent practices throughout all phases of the project life cycle. Prepares technical reports, summaries, protocols and quantitative analyses. Executes high quality, integrated cross-functional plans for projects. Applies best practices in the development, initiation, planning, execution, control and closing of projects. Interacts with research and development, marketing, manufacturing and regulatory departments.
 Key Accountabilities
 Key position responsible for the development and delivery of algorithms and advanced analytic solutions for diabetes decision support systems in an agile, team based environment.
 Ideate and make recommendations on fit-for-purpose data and analytics solutions.
 Use advanced analytics tools as needed to develop a comprehensive and deep understanding of the data to extract actionable insights.
 Identify and recommend emergent analytical methodologies, tools and applications to ensure fit-for-purpose and impactful approaches.
 Contribute to broad product support initiatives and/or studies, lead and deliver on complex projects, and interact with external partners without supervision.
 Ensure compliance with applicable industry regulations and standards.
 Explain and interpret models to stakeholders helping them distill new insights and knowledge from the learned model while quantifying and managing risk.
 Collaborate and contribute to functional, cross-functional groups, initiatives on methodologies, innovations, technology, IT infrastructure, etc. to enable broader and more effective use of data analytics for patient care.
 Minimum Qualifications
 Bachelors of Science degree in mathematics, statistics or related discipline with 10 years of relevant experience OR Masters of Science degree/PhD in mathematics, statistics or related discipline with 5 years of relevant experience
 Key Skills and Preferred Expertise
 PhD in a quantitative data science discipline (e.g., computer science, physics, mathematics, bioinformatics, computational biology, statistics/biostatistics, biomedical engineering, electrical engineering).
 5+ years of experience with traditional statistical modeling, biosystems simulation and analysis, machine learning and artificial intelligence; and expertise in two or more of the following languages: R, Python, SAS, Matlab.
 Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional multi-disciplinary teams distributed globally.
 Demonstrated ability to work effectively in teams and to collaborate with others to solve challenging business problems.
 Experience in medical device industry or pharmaceutical industry or similar regulated setting.
 Entrepreneurial mindset, self-starter and ability to operate independently.
 Experience or familiarity with EMR systems or other type of big data storage systems.
 #LI-ND1
 Roche is an equal opportunity employer  and strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based upon an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, mental/physical disability, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability and need an accommodation in connection with the on-line application process, please email us at US.Accommodation@roche.com . Roche 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Lead jobs in Indianapolis, IN Jobs at Roche in Indianapolis, IN Technical Lead salaries in Indianapolis, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Roche Roche 2,219 reviews Roche Diagnostic is the world leader in in-vitro diagnostics. Working at Roche means working at the forefront of innovation. Over the yea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
