
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Core Platform - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Core Platform Abnormal Security California Remote About Abnormal Security: 
Abnormal Security is defining the next generation of email security defense. Our platform uses machine learning and artificial intelligence to baseline communication content, user identity, and behavioral signals in real-time and at scale in order to detect the abnormalities of email attacks.
 
Customers love us because we consistently detect and stop what everyone else in the market can't -- advanced attacks that have never been seen before -- and we do so with beautiful user interfaces and best-in-industry customer support.
 
Our veteran team has built some of the most enduring machine learning platforms at leading companies including Google, Twitter, Pinterest, Amazon, Microsoft, and Expanse. We are located in San Francisco, CA, New York, NY, and Lehi, UT.
 
Our company is growing - we're on the Forbes AI 50 , selected as a two-time Gartner Cool Vendor , and our customer base includes a rapidly growing list of Fortune 500 companies.
 
 Job/Team Overview: 
You will join the infrastructure and core platforms team, which serves to build the scalable foundation required by our high-throughput and low-latency products. You'll communicate across multiple teams, impacting the current products and future customer-centric roadmap of Abnormal's core platforms.
 
 Responsibilities and Duties: 
You will own a core system of the infrastructure of our world-class email security system.
 You will collaborate closely with other tech leads across the organization.
 You will mentor and coach other senior and junior teammates.
 You will lead the overall roadmap and architecture of the systems you own, identifying improvements that will enable new functionality and features.
 You will be responsible for the stability and uptime of the systems you own.
 You will be the one to scale the system to the next 10x and 100x level within the next few years.
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
Bachelor in Computer Science or equivalent subject expertise in systems and infrastructure.
 Experience with large-scale and highly performant distributed systems
 Experience with Cloud-native architecture
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Align with our VOICE principles:  Velocity, Ownership, Intellectual honesty, Customer obsession, Excellence.
 Track record of leading high-quality designs, code, tools, and large-scale systems.
 Experience collaborating with other tech lead across teams.
 Experience mentoring and coaching teammates, always holding yourself and others to a high bar.
 Track record of making data-driven decisions.
 
 Why Abnormal Security: 
Competitive pay
 Full medical, dental, and vision health insurance benefits with life insurance, FSA, and 401k opportunities
 WFH stipends including phone, wellness and equipment
 When in office, daily catered lunches, coffee and snacks
 Generous PTO
 Strong growth opportunities and high ownership expectations
 Team-wide commitment to excellence, velocity, and customer-focus
 Everyone says they're hyper-growth, we're achieving it! Join a high-growth Silicon Valley startup, and experience what building a company, team, and product from the ground up looks like.
 Best-in-class customer traction and growth
 
Abnormal Security is committed to creating a diverse work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Abnormal Security 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in California Jobs at Abnormal Security in California Software Engineer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Abnormal Security Abnormal Security is defining the next generation of email security defense. Our platform uses machine learning and artificial intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
