
 
 
 
 Americas AI/ML BDM - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Americas AI/ML BDM Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews San Francisco, CA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 10+ years of technology related sales or business development experience 
 BA/BS degree or equivalent experience required 
 10+ years’ experience in enterprise selling, outsourcing, management consulting or managed services (preferably cloud) 
 3+ years working domain experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, or related technologies 
 
Are you energized to create new markets for Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and Deep Learning (DL) technology? Do you love building new businesses?
 
AWS is seeking a ML BDM to define, build and lead the business development efforts at AWS to commercialize the AWS ML platform in the US. As a Principle ML BDM you will be responsible for defining, building and deploying effective and targeted programs to accelerate broad based sales and business development activities for the AWS ML platform.
 
You will be the outward face of AWS ML and the leading voice of AWS ML. You will define and execute the market development activities in the US for AWS ML services including Amazon SageMaker, Amazon Transcribe, Amazon Rekognition, Amazon Comprehend as well as the rest of the AWS ML portfolio. You will leverage worldwide programs or campaigns and work closely with AWS business development, product management, sales, marketing, solutions architect, and partner teams to position the AWS machine learning platform for customers and partners, to provide guidance on the value proposition and to communicate the benefits customers can achieve with our ML services.
 
You will execute the go to market strategy (GTM) for the AWS machine learning platform. Your work will define and drive the process that the organization follows to accelerate sales and partner engagements of the AWS machine learning portfolio in the region. You will be directly helping our customers to reinvent their own business models by harnessing the power of AWS machine learning technologies. You will synthesize data and information gathered from these customer and partner engagements into the AWS GTM strategy for machine learning to successfully commercialize the platform in the local market. This entails deriving succinct findings, developing strategic insights, and persuasively communicating those findings and perspectives from customer engagements to product and sales teams, including senior management.
 
The ideal candidate will possess a business and machine learning or data analytics background, and will have a foundation of having directly driven customer engagements and interactions at the highest levels of large enterprises and technology partners. The candidate will have the technical depth and business experience to easily communicate the benefits of ML services, platforms and frameworks in the AWS cloud to IT architects, engineering teams, and C-Level executives.
 
Additionally, the ideal candidate will have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and long-term about the needs of complex global businesses. The ideal candidate will also be deeply familiar with complex legacy IT environments, managed enterprise IT infrastructure services, enterprise applications, and has done market analysis, deal negotiation and construction, field readiness, and business operations. Finally, the candidate will have a background that enables them to create scalable programs that apply holistic approaches to selling to enterprises and enterprise partners.
 
 
 Graduate degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.) 
 5+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling and analysis 
 Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships 
 Consulting experience and track record of helping customers with their ML/AI needs 
 Publications or presentation in recognized Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Mining journals/conferences · 
 Past and current experience writing and speaking about complex technical concepts to broad audiences in a simplified format 
 Experience giving public presentations 
 
This position must be located at one of our U.S. AWS Corp. offices with a preference for the Bay Area or Seattle.
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Amazon Web Services in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
