
 
 
 
 Sales Development Representative - San Antonio, TX 78226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Development Representative Plus One Robotics San Antonio, TX 78226 Benefits & Perks 
Does Plus One offer benefits? Sure: Amazing people, robot playground, buckets of data (for you AI aficionados), “eclectic” office furniture… Oh, the actual benefits? Yes, those. They’re great too: 
Ownership, baby! Plus One employees receive equity as part of their compensation package. When we succeed, you succeed. 
Medical, dental, and eye care benefits for you and your family. 
Paid time off: 11 annual holidays plus your birthday. 
Vacation days – yes! 
Professional development opportunities. 
Flexible work hours and location. 
Paid maternity and paternity leave 
 Plus One Robotics is a startup at the intersection of robotics, artificial Intelligence, and e-commerce supply chain. There may not be a more exciting technology space to be working in today! 
We make the Logistics Industry’s most advanced and reliable 3D and AI based vision software for robots to pick and place items in the warehouse environment. Logistics companies call us when they want to learn how to use robotics and AI to deliver essential goods while maintaining safe distance in their warehouses. 
What makes us unique is that our executive team are thought leaders from the industry, not academia. Being grounded in our customer’s needs of day-to-day production, has pushed us to marry the most advanced technology with a novel approach to reduce risk by enabling robots to easily collaborate with remote humans, whom we call “Crew Chiefs”. We like to say “Robots work. People rule.” 
About the Sales Development Representative 
Plus One Robotics is a rapidly growing technology start-up, and with that comes a once-in-a-lifetime career launching pad. You will be calling on supply chain executives who have been waiting their whole careers for your call. They just may not know it yet. You are the messenger telling them that the future is here. 
To be clear, this isn’t your parents’ sales job. You’ll be leveraging superior sales technology and working with a seasoned team of Strategic Enterprise Sales Directors and industry thought leaders. You’ll be given access to best-in-class training, consistent feedback, and development. And you’ll work with driven and passionate sales professionals in a supportive and competitive culture. 
We are a “Best Place to Grow”. This means training and investing in our employees is in our DNA. You’ll be working alongside extraordinary talent and the expectations will correspondingly be very high. But working hard and working smart are rewarded. We have a great culture and great benefits. You’ll master communicating value efficiently, navigating gatekeepers, and executing on a successful outreach strategy. 
The Sales Development Rep will be… 
Courageous, determined, and not afraid to fail 
Highly motivated to meet and exceed targets and goals– you’re not afraid of rejection because each “No” gets you one step closer to a “Yes” 
Intellectually curious and looking to develop and grow sales and persuasion skills 
Enthusiastic about working in a diverse and supportive team environment 
Eager for and open to feedback, a track record of learning and developing new skills as part of a team 
Day to day activities will include but are not limited to: 
Strategically engaging on LinkedIn with industry executives 
Emailing prospects in a customized and highly strategic manner leveraging the best sales technologies to maintain efficiencies 
Keeping Salesforce and other sales technologies up to date, in an almost militant manner because you know that you’re a part of a sales organization and data is critical 
Cold calling and engaging executives 
Working closely with your manager and sales executives to track, and meet success metrics 
Communicating and collaborating with team members on best practices and processes 
Innovating and testing creative ways to gain access and trust with prospective customers 
Smartly prioritizing and organizing your time to be as productive as possible 
Working closely with your manager to implement coaching and feedback 
Attending weekly team, and all employee meetings to understand the why behind your work, and the impact it has on Plus One Robotics’ mission and vision 
You’ll be successful in this role if you are… 
Pathologically friendly 
Interested in a long-term career in sales 
Persuasive and enjoy the process of surfacing objections so your prospect can understand the value you are offering them 
An incredibly strong communicator, both written and verbal 
Humble, all of us at Plus One Robotics implicitly want both receive and implement feedback on a regular basis 
Passionate about AI, Robotics, and changing the future of how materials are moved through the supply chain 
What We Offer: 
The opportunity to change the world by bringing people and robots together 
Competitive salary with 100% paid for benefits, and equity opportunity 
8-week 100% paid maternity leave 
4-week 100% paid paternity leave 
Work alongside a world-class team (founders of ROS-Industrial OSS) 
Creative, dynamic, energetic work environment 
Opportunity to indulge your passion for robots 
And last but not least, Taco Mondays! 
To Apply: 
Please send an email with two sentences about why you want to work for Plus One Robotics and the LinkedIn profiles of three people you think we should be prospecting along with your resume to sarah.young@plusonerobotic.com with “Sales Development Rep – Your Name” in the subject. 
We are looking forward to you blowing our socks off! 
Work Environment & Physical Demands 
Please include your resumé and cover letter when applying. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity! All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Plus One Robotics 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at Plus One Robotics in San Antonio, TX Sales Representative salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Plus One Robotics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
