
 
 
 
 Director - Enterprise Analytics - Seattle, WA 98109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director - Enterprise Analytics Seattle Cancer Care Alliance 132 reviews Seattle, WA 98109 Seattle Cancer Care Alliance 132 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The Seattle Cancer Care Alliance (SCCA), located in Seattle, Washington, is part of a dynamic collaboration among three organizations known nationally and internationally for their patient care and research: Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, University of Washington, and Seattle Children's. Over the past 25 years, these institutions have worked together to support their mission of adult and pediatric oncology patient care services, research and education. 
The Enterprise Reporting & Analytics department will be the organization's most trusted data partner and drive innovation through Business Intelligence (BI) to create lasting impact for our patients. 
The Director of Enterprise Analytics is responsible for using data and information technology to improve the lives of our patients, providers, and staff in the way they receive and deliver health care services. This leader will define and implement the vision for transforming data into actionable insights and applying modern data science methods to address business challenges. This strategic role leads the business intelligence, reporting, and is responsible for core data strategies and evangelizing a culture of data driven decision-making. The Director is charged with enhancing organizational business acumen through robust reporting and self-service capabilities. 
The Director works in close partnership with medical leaders, clinical leaders, and colleagues at the SCCA as well as our partner institutions (Fred Hutch, UW Medicine and Seattle Children's Hospital) to achieve this purpose. 
Responsibilities:
 Applies experience from strategy consulting, analytics, and data engineering to successfully set priorities and direct the development of statistical and mathematical analyses to support strategy, business decision making, problem resolution and achievement of goals for one or more business functions. 
Assist on strategic planning initiatives and tactical implementation 
Collaborate with senior leadership, executive sponsors, IT/business stakeholders, product owners, data owners, business data stewards and vendors to establish a roadmap focused on business intelligence strategy, predictive modeling, dashboards, self-service reports, visualization, advanced analytics, and analytical capabilities 
Responsible for development, monitoring and reporting of operational analytics, dashboards, financial, and referral metrics to executives, board, and stakeholders 
Develops and manages annual operations budgets, goals, objectives, action plans, financial forecast, implementation schedules, and human resources management for assigned operations 
Defining and leading Reporting/Analytic request intake and disposition/prioritization 
Leads development of solutions with moderate to high complexity and risk with business area implications. Understands and recommends modeling techniques to data scientists. 
Presents recommendations to senior staff and internal clients. Mentors junior team members. Leads multiple large cross-functional project teams. 
Partner with Analytics colleagues across SCCA to share standard methodologies, tools, and knowledge. 
Coach and motivate team to develop new skills in data science, data engineering and visualization through various learning platforms 
Actively work to develop Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning capabilities to showcase the power of exploratory data analytics 
Chair Data Governance Steering Committee to deliver trusted data throughout the enterprise by engaging data owners, data stewards 
Qualifications:
 
Required: 
Bachelors in either Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science, Biostatistics, Health Informatics 
Demonstrated experience defining and implementing enterprise reporting/analytics vision 
Demonstrated experience leading reporting, analytic and data warehouse initiatives 
Evidence of management success in a comparable setting; demonstrate evidence of program growth, successful management of operations, etc. 
Strong analytical skills, ability to think critically; knowledge of data science, Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence methods and tools 
Effective decision-making/problem solving skills 
Strong financial and quantitative skills 
Effective verbal and written communication skills 
Capable of building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions 
Resilient; willing to act and manage complexity 
Understands and can successfully manage the politics of an academic medical center and matrix organization. 
Demonstrates strong leadership and interpersonal skills 
Physician relationship building skills, professional development, and counseling skills 
Ability to structure data analysis, driving analytics insights and analytical solutions 
Ability to translate business problems into analytical solutions 
Preferred 
A Master's degree or PHD in healthcare or business or an equivalent combination of education and experience preferred. 
8 years of hands-on analytics or data warehousing experience, preferably in healthcare 
At least 8 years of full-time experience in operations and/or analytics 
8-10 years of experience leading and managing teams 
Our Commitment to Diversity: We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) Employer. We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability (physical or mental), marital or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at hrops@fredhutch.org or by calling  206-667-4700 . Seattle Cancer Care Alliance 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Analytics jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Seattle Cancer Care Alliance in Seattle, WA Director of Analytics salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seattle Cancer Care Alliance Seattle Cancer Care Alliance 132 reviews Better Together.

Our work is more than a job. It’s our mission.

We bring together the leading research teams and cancer specialists... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
