
 
 
 
 CFD Analysis Engineer - Burr Ridge, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CFD Analysis Engineer CNH Industrial 1,122 reviews Burr Ridge, IL CNH Industrial 1,122 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Through its people and brands, CNH Industrial delivers power, technology and innovation to farmers, builders and drivers all around the world. Each of its brands, including Case IH, New Holland Agriculture, Case and New Holland Construction, FPT Industrial, Capital, and Parts & Service, is a major international force in its specific sector. 
The CFD Analysis Engineer will be responsible for providing fluid/thermal and aeroacoustics analysis for agricultural (tractors, combines, harvesters, sprayers) and construction machines (skid steers, wheel loaders, loader backhoes). 
 As a member of the CFD Team will support the design of components and subsystems like: 
A/C & HVAC systems 
Engine cooling packages 
Hydraulics 
Transmissions 
Engine air intakes & exhausts 
 In addition, will develop new simulation technologies for AG&CE applications in the areas of CFD, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Digital Twin. 
Responsibilities:
 
Responsibilities: 
Develops virtual simulation models using CFD (Computational Fluid Dynamics) for the evaluation of engineering designs of agricultural and construction machinery. 
Makes recommendations to peers and direct manager based on sound engineering principles, practices and judgment pertaining to thermal/fluid problems as a contribution to the overall engineering and manufacturing objectives. 
Develops CFD methodologies to reduce physical prototypes and costs. Builds and deploys Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) models for design optimization and concept development through simulation. Collaborates with other teams to develop, validate, and apply digital twin models of our machines. 
 Utilizes Star CCM+, GT-Suite, Actran, SimCenter, Creo, TeamCenter and relevant software to develop and simulate designs for cooling packages, exhaust systems, engine air intakes, HVAC systems, transmissions, and other relevant components being developed and/or improved. 
Performs engineering calculations for emissions, chemical reactions, sprays, thermal, airflow, hydraulic, aero-acoustic, particle flows, and refrigeration problems to determine the size and performance of assemblies and parts and to solve design problems. 
Incorporates engineering standards, methodologies and global product development processes into daily work tasks. 
Qualifications:
 
Requirements: 
MS Degree in Engineering or comparable program, with one-three years of professional industry experience. 
Good knowledge of the Computational Fluid Dynamics field. 
Some knowledge in the areas of underhood engine cooling, two-phase flows, and climatization. 
Knowledge of exhaust after treatment analysis; familiarity with SCR (Selective Catalytic Reactors), DPF (Diesel Particulate Filters), or DOC (Diesel Oxidation Catalysts). 
Some basic knowledge and understanding of aero-acoustics and fan noise. 
Working knowledge in one or more programming languages used for modeling such as Java, C++, and Python. 
The ideal Candidate will have: 
Doctoral degree (Ph.D.) is a plus. 
Working knowledge of Machine Learning and related tools such as Jupyter Notebook, Sklearn, Pandas, Numpy, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Tensorflow and Kears is a plus. 
Ability to learn and demonstrate proficiency in new global processes and systems. 
Strong problem-solving skills. 
Demonstrated ability to work in cross-functional teams 
Ability to effectively communicate (verbal and written) issues, problems, and observations of work being performed. 
Proven communication skills across multiple levels and work groups 
Ability to work with minimal supervision managing multiple projects and tasks 
Demonstrated ability to work with cross discipline teams as well as being a strong individual contributor 
EEO:
 
CNH Industrial is an equal opportunity employer. This company considers candidates regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Applicants can learn more about their rights by viewing the federal "EEO is the Law" poster and its supplement here. 
CNH Industrial participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. You can view additional information here. 
If you need reasonable accommodation with the application process, please call  1-800-889-4422  option 1 and then option 5, or contact us at narecruitingmailbox@cnhind.com. 
Read about our company’s commitment to pay transparency by clicking this link: pay transparency notice. CNH Industrial 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at CNH Industrial in Burr Ridge, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from CNH Industrial CNH Industrial 1,122 reviews CNH Industrial is a global leader in the capital goods sector that, through its various businesses, designs, produces and sells agricultu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
