
 
 
 
 Consulting Engineer - Provo, UT 84606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Consulting Engineer SUSE 23 reviews Provo, UT 84606 SUSE 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Consulting Engineer 
Job Description: 
Overview 
The Rancher Labs team is seeking a hands-on  Consulting Engineer/Architect  to work with our global enterprise customers. Our ideal candidate will have experience working with containers and container orchestration, strong technical and communication skills, and some understanding of IT infrastructure, DevOps, open source software and/or application development. Most importantly, the user must be excited about working to transform how organizations develop and run their applications. 
To succeed in this role you will need to be able to work closely with our customers to help them understand the impact Rancher can deliver for their business. This role will be part of the  Rancher Professional Services  team, and will be compensated based on a combination of base salary and bonus. Rancher Consulting Engineers should expect to travel extensively (up to 40-50% of the time) as the role will include onsite consulting and technical engagements for customer success. 
We will accept a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a closely related field plus 5 years experience in job offered or related occupation. 
Job responsibilities include 
Providing technical consulting for Rancher users architecting container solutions. 
Working with Customers to implement solutions based on Rancher and Kubernetes. 
Hands-on programming that includes building automation scripts, Rancher extensions, catalog items and integrations to solve customer problems. 
Maintaining an expert-level understanding of the Rancher Labs portfolio of products. 
Understanding complimentary technology, such as Docker, Kubernetes, etc. 
Demonstrating the impact of Rancher for users. 
Maintaining long term relationships with customers and partners. 
Providing leadership and channeling feedback throughout the lifecycle of customer engagements. 
Understanding feature requests and advocating for customers and users with product management. 
Work with existing customers to maintain customer satisfaction. 
Working effectively in a proactive manner with both customers and colleagues, many of whom will be geographically distributed. We use Zoom and Slack a lot! 
Demonstrate excellent customer service skills through all levels of communication. 
Travel up to 40-50% of the time. 
The ideal candidate has experience that includes: 
5-10 years of hands-on experience working with relevant technology as either a user or engineer. 
Experience presenting on technical concepts to end-users. 
Experience architecting highly available systems. 
Experience with DevOps and CI/CD software. 
Experience with containers and container orchestration (Rancher, Kubernetes, Docker, Mesos). 
Experience working in any modern Linux environment. 
Experience providing technical training. 
Excellent technical knowledge and aptitude for learning. 
Ability to set and maintain goals, welcome feedback and enjoy success. 
Enthusiasm for working in a startup environment. 
Location 
Candidate can be anywhere in the United States and Western Europe, and will need to be authorized to work in their country of residence. 
Please include information about your experience working with containers, to solve customer problems, in your cover letter. 
Job: 
Sales 
SUSE , the world’s largest independent open source software company, powers digital transformation with true open source technologies for the enterprise that simplify, modernize and accelerate traditional, cloud and edge solutions. SUSE collaborates with partners, communities and customers to deliver and support solutions that enable mission-critical business outcomes. SUSE’s container and cloud platforms, software-defined infrastructure, and artificial intelligence and edge computing solutions allow customers to create, deploy and manage workloads anywhere – on premises, hybrid and multi-cloud. For more information, visit  www.suse.com . Suse 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consulting Engineer jobs in Provo, UT Jobs at SUSE in Provo, UT Consulting Engineer salaries in Provo, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from SUSE SUSE 23 reviews SUSE, the world’s largest independent open source company, provides unparalleled customer choice and powers digital transformation for th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
