
 
 
 
 QA Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search QA Manager IRL United States Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview 
 IRL (http://www.irl.com/) is the leading group messaging social network that brings people together through events and shared experiences. With its wide range of in-app offerings, including personalized event suggestions using artificial intelligence, calendar integrations, messenger and private group pages, IRL deepens everyone's ability to connect through organic community-building and engaging social interaction. 
 Based on humans' natural group orientation and essential need to communicate, especially in the post-COVID era, IRL is building the future of interaction by translating these inherent needs onto one platform and encouraging users to do more together. 
 IRL has raised $170 million dollars in their Series C round led by SoftBank, with the promise that we will redefine the messaging category. This is a perfect opportunity to come in fairly early and make an impact. The user base has grown significantly in the last year, and we aim to continue that trajectory while expanding the team. 
IRL has consistently been featured in the App Store under Apps We Love and has grown to >20m users. We've achieved great growth results and are looking to grow the team by 3x in the next 12 months. 
Press: 
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/15/22534253/irl-social-network-facebook-groups-calendar-events-messaging 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/abrambrown/2021/06/15/social-messaging-app-irl-gets-11-billion-valuation-from-softbank-plots-monetization/ 
https://techcrunch.com/2021/06/15/messaging-social-network-irl-hits-unicorn-status-with-softbank-led-170m-series-c/ 
 Job Summary 
 Looking for someone to help QA establish best practices for our web and mobile apps. Currently we use a crowdsourced testing of our test cases and user stories. The candidate will need to help manage test runs after our alpha and beta releases manually themselves as well as through our testing platform. The candidate will need to triage reported bugs and denote which ones are reproducible and help engineers and product managers prioritize which bugs should be taken care of first. The ideal candidate should be able to learn the product inside and out and keep up to date with specs of latest feature launches and help ensure that the product flows are always working as expected. 
 Requirements 
 2+ years of experience in QA 
1+ years experience working with a mobile consumer product 
1+ years experience leading QA 
 Responsibilities 
 Establish and evolve formal QA processes, ensuring that the team is using industry-accepted best practices. 
Oversee all aspects of quality assurance including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices, and developing new tools and processes to ensure quality goals are met. 
Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases, providing QA services and coordinating QA resources internally and externally. 
Develop and execute test cases, scripts, plans and procedures (manual and automated). 
 
 Benefits 
 A remote-first organization that allows you to set up working hours that best fit your daily routine. 
Room for personal and professional development through regular 1-on-1s and mentoring. 
A motivated team that enables you to do your best. 
Full medical, dental & vision coverage for employees  and  their spouses/partners & children. 
Minimum 5 weeks personal time off. 
 
 
 Get Together Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. IRL 14 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Manager jobs in United States Jobs at IRL in United States Quality Assurance Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from IRL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
