
 
 
 
 Tech U Digital Learning Specialist - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tech U Digital Learning Specialist Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 4+ years of experience developing digital learning content or implementing virtual learning of technical content 
 Proficiency with statistics, research practices, and data analysis 
 Experience transitioning traditional learning material to digital material 
 Experience working with cloud computing or a similar technical field training materials 
 Bachelor degree or equivalent industry experience 
 Excellent written communication skills 
 
 NOTE:  This role can be performed near any US AWS office in the following cities: Arlington, Atlanta, Austin, Ballston, Boston, Chicago, Cupertino, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, East Palo Alto, Herndon, Houston, Irvine, Minneapolis, New York City, Pittsburgh, Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, Washington D.C., Tempe, Sunnyvale, or Santa Monica.
 
Tech U Digital Learning Strategist
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides a highly reliable, scalable, and low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of businesses in 190 countries around the world. The AWS Training & Certification (T&C) team is seeking a dedicated , talented, and experienced learning strategist with expertise developing and deploying digital learning. This role will lead the transition of the traditional Tech U curriculum to one that is delivered in multiple modalities, so that Tech U residents can learn in more flexible ways as they become skilled cloud IT professionals. This role will lead the transition from manual to automated curriculum and learning processes, so that Tech U can scale rapidly. This role will coordinate and support advisory meetings in which Amazon subject-matter experts will review and offer input into Tech U curriculum and learning strategy.
 
In this role, with your passion for learning in multiple modalities, you will own two sets of responsibilities. The first is the transition of the traditional Tech U curriculum, one that relies on face-to-face instructor-led training, to one that can be learned in flexible ways. You will play a key role in developing the digital learning strategy and will own the implementation of it. In this role, you will work with the Tech U Learning Strategy team to apply your passion for digital learning. You will work closely with the T&C Curriculum Development team to develop Tech U content materials that meet the learning strategy requirements of Tech U and are offered in multiple modalities, such as flipped learning and eLearning. In the second set of responsibilities, you will lead the transition of manual to automated processes in the Tech U curriculum. The automation will support the scaling and changing of the curriculum to allow Tech U to scale the program globally. You will lead the planning and coordination with other parts of Tech U to streamline and digitize many activities in Tech U. This means changing the way we evaluate residents (moving from paper and manual activities to automated and digital ones), digitizing content and delivery, and collecting evidence for demonstrating success of the program. Because at Amazon we pioneer, you will need to be forward thinking and creative in your approach to addressing big challenges and embrace novel solutions. You will need to constantly search for best ways to digitize learning and automate processes. You will face ambiguity, as this program is relatively new and in scale-up mode, and figure out how to define clarity.
 
Tech U Program
 
As a Tech U Digital Learning Strategist, you will be part of the team managing AWS Tech U, which is a global, accelerated cloud skills development program for early career employees who want to advance their technical and business skills to fill positions as Solution Architects, Technical Trainers, and Professional Services Consultants. This unique program consists of two phases--a 6-month Cloud Training phase followed by a 6-month On-the-Job Training (OJT) phase.
 
Are you ready to embrace the challenge? Come help close the cloud skills gap globally and build the future with us.
 
Roles and Responsibilities
 
 Developing, implementing, and maintaining the technical rigor of the Tech U curriculum 
 Identifying (or adapting), implementing, and maintaining a comparison tool for identifying and communicating gaps and overlaps when comparing the Tech U curriculum with others 
 Planning and implementing rapid-cycle evaluations to support evidence-based transitions in Tech U content and processes 
 Leading the replacement of manual activities with automated ones (e.g., using machine learning and artificial intelligence to compare curricula, automating data collection from residents and customers) 
 Managing the transition (working with technology colleagues) of assessments and surveys to new systems that connect with the Tech U Data Warehouse and feed the data dashboards 
 Collaborating with all Tech U teams 
 Supporting the writing of narratives 
 Ability to travel up to 30%, including some global travel 
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 Graduate degree (Masters or PhD) in education, training or psychometrics strongly preferred 
 Experience working on training programs delivered globally 
 Experience leading change across various teams based on influence and not organizational structure 
 An AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner or Associate-level certification 
 Experience as a technical trainer of technical skills 
 Experience as a learning management system (LMS) administrator 
 Recent experience in a fast-paced, multinational technology company 
 Excellent verbal communication skills 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Learning Specialist jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Arlington, VA Learning Specialist salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,138 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
