
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Planning and Control Integration - Autonomous Vehicles - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Planning and Control Integration - Autonomous Vehicles NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are seeking an energetic, hardworking system software engineer to join the planning and controls team within NVIDIA's Drive Autonomous Vehicle organization. In addition to some traditional systems engineering tasks, this role will drive architecture, integration and testing of planning and control software modules to enable new driving functions and capabilities of the software stack. This highly visible role will require outstanding interpersonal skills and facilitate collaboration across the entire organization.
 What you'll be doing:
 The autonomous vehicle software stack is a highly complex system, required to support a large number of functions and driving modes, spanning from manual driving safety functions through L1, L2, L3 and higher autonomy levels. As such, we will be asking you to help us enable new capabilities by implementing a sophisticated architecture combining multiple modules together, evaluate and improve system performance and help us bring our products to production. Responsibilities will include:
 Build and execute a system integration plan to enable new driving functionalities and features in our vehicles
 Test and evaluate driving functions in simulation and on physical vehicles
 Track software architecture and system requirements, and help verify requirements through detailed analysis and testing
 Collaborate with multiple teams and operate as a technical bridge across functional modules
 Build software tools to evaluate new and existing strategies and push forward high-performing concepts via optimization studies
 Identify performance benchmarks and measure the performance of planning and control algorithms
 Participate in and lead discussions to help develop our software architecture and drive decisions forward through individual software development
 Help us build an extraordinary software system!
 What we need to see:
 BS in an engineering or technical field (Mechanical, Electrical, Computer Science, Physics, etc.) or equivalent experience
 5+ years of industry experience
 Proven experience writing software in C++ and Python, along with experience in integration of complex software systems
 Comfort with an Agile/Scrum software development environment using GitLab (or similar)
 Comfort developing software with GIT in Linux (Ubuntu)
 Ways to stand out from the crowd
 We would love to see a track-record of working on complex systems requiring extensive optimization and metric analysis. We definitely want to hear from you if you are an upbeat contributor with an interdisciplinary background that includes one or more of the following:
 Completion of an MS program or higher
 Background in automotive systems, including system architecture and CAN communication
 System engineering experience with a common requirements generation tool - Doors/JAMA/Polarion
 An understanding of fundamental physics - kinematic and dynamic models of rigid bodies
 Familiarity with control system designs and planning algorithms, for example: classical feedback controllers, optimal control, occupancy grids, Dijkstra search, A*, Random Root Tress (RRTs), etc.
 Experience developing and using simulation frameworks to guide higher-level system decisions.
 Proven experience building safety critical software architectures
 Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing and autonomous vehicles. Intelligent AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an outstanding time. The era of AI has begun and NVIDIA is leading the drive with revolutionary hardware and software. Come join us at NVIDIA!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
