
 
 
 
 Receptionist (Temp) - Mesa, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Receptionist (Temp) The Wound Pros, LLC Mesa, AZ Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Title:  Receptionist (Temp) 
 Duration:  90 Days (can lead to permanent) 
 Who we are: 
 
 The Wound Pros  is the nation's leading physician owned and operated DME company. Our full service wound care strategy has added enormous value to long-term facilities across the country by providing an array of essential tools including: Digital Wound Management, Telemedicine, Advanced EHR System, Mobile Vascular Assessment, Digital Supply tracking, as well as Advanced Wound Care Dressings.
 By leveraging the power of Artificial Intelligence, we have been able to heal wounds faster and more efficiently. By joining our team, you will be able to be a part of our mission to heal wounds and prevent amputations in long-term care facilities.
 We are currently hiring for a  Temporary/Part-Time Receptionist  to work part time hours on an ongoing timeframe with us at The Wound Pros. We look for candidates with strong communication skills, a high energy personality, and the ability to work independently. 
 Job Description
 The ideal candidate will have a friendly and easy-going personality while also being very perceptive and disciplined. You should be able to deal with complaints and give accurate information. A customer-oriented approach is essential. 
 Responsibilities:
 Keep front desk, reception area tidy and presentable. Greet and welcome the incoming guests. Answer questions and queries. Take up other administrative duties as assigned 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Strong communication and people skills.  Must have experience using Adobe Acrobat/MS-Office/G-Suite Applications.   Must have experience using video conferenceing applictions such as Zoom, MS Teams.  Proven experience as a receptionist or front desk representative. Good organizational and multi-tasking abilities. Customer service orientation. High School diploma/equivalent or higher education. The Wound Pros, LLC 9 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Receptionist jobs in Mesa, AZ Jobs at The Wound Pros in Mesa, AZ Receptionist salaries in Mesa, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Wound Pros, LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
