
 
 
 
 AI Scientist - Remote - New Britain, CT 06053 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Scientist - Remote Stanley Black & Decker 1,916 reviews New Britain, CT 06053 Remote Stanley Black & Decker 1,916 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company AI Scientist - Remote 
 
 Come Make the World With Us 
 
It takes great people to achieve greatness. People with a sense of purpose and integrity. People with a relentless pursuit of excellence. People who care about making things better For Those Who Make The World™. Sound like you? Join our top-notch team of 54,000+ professionals in 60 countries who are making their mark on some of the world’s most beloved brands, including DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN, STANLEY, BLACK+DECKER, IRWIN, LENOX and more. 
 
The mission of the AI group is to create and use the best-possible AI technologies, systems, algorithms and models for delivering outsized value and radically accelerating SBD’s businesses and vision. AI is used for improving performance of people and machines by using models and insights generated from automated processing of big data. It’s a broad area encompassing machine learning (ML), data science (DS), machine vision, natural language processing (NLP), data analytics (DA), data mining, mathematical optimization, and related technologies from fields such as computer science, robotics, statistics and operations research. This group provides AI leadership, coordination, standards and shared services to all other corporate and business groups across the company. We work with business partners in order to identify existing business problems and emerging value-creation opportunities to which AI techniques can be applied. The AI group is led by the Chief AI Officer (CAO) of SBD. 
 
 What You’ll Do 
 
This position is for an AI/ML Scientist within the AI Corporate Group. We are looking for an experienced technical contributor to work independently or with an AI/ML Lead Scientist. You will investigate, build, and deploy AI/ML systems and explore conceptually new solutions in a fast-paced environment. You will be at the heart of a growing and exciting focus area for Stanley Black & Decker and work with variety of its business units (including security services, manufacturing, industrial equipment and engineering products, as well as other units) to apply artificial intelligence techniques to our most difficult problems. 
 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
Utilize AI and big data analysis methods to work within cross-functional teams to engage the internal clients and broader customer base, comprehend the internal client's problems, develop strategic analytical products, and support requirements analysis 
Develop AI solutions that delivers a measurable outcome, testing the solution, and implementing the transformation 
Apply domain expertise and business acumen to develop multiple insights and theories for complex problems that require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity and deep understanding of existing methods and solutions 
Extract qualitative and quantitative relationships, including patterns and trends from a wide variety of data 
Collaborate with AI Engineers to deploy and maintain solutions in production 
Continuously develop AI know-how for the company 
 
Requirements 
Deep understanding of machine learning and AI, specifically in neural networks, convolutional neural networks, random forests, tree boosting systems, classification and regression, clustering, feature representations and feature engineering 
An understanding of multivariate statistics and statistical inference 
Advanced proficiency of Python 
An understanding of cloud services platforms like AWS, GCP or Azure 
Experience in modern machine learning applications such as natural language processing, computer vision, audio processing or predictive analytics. 
Experience in deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, Keras or PyTorch
 Ability to communicate effectively with internal clients or other quantitative analysts and engineers using expertise in hardware or software technologies. 
Excellent critical thinking, analytical, project management, interpersonal, and written/verbal communication skills 
Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment 
High responsiveness and flexibility to changing business priorities and tight deadlines 
High level of enthusiasm and desire to learn. Continuous improvement mindset 
 
Qualifications 
Master’s or PhD degree in computer science, electrical engineering, applied mathematics, data science statistics or related field 
3+ years of software developer experience 
2+ years of experience with data analysis in high performance computing, machine learning, big data analysis or related areas 
A track record of machine learning algorithms that are deployed and in production 
Knowledge of relational database concepts, data mining, data warehouses, decision support tools including SQL and NoSQL. 
Further MOOC qualifications in AI and data science 
 
Preferred but not required 
Confident in the development of quantitative models for Industrial systems (reliability data, sensor data) supply chain big data analysis, revenue forecasting, or similar problems using machine learning.
 Experience with providing project management support for large data analytics and data quality management projects, including providing planning, scheduling, and deployment support. 
Mentorship experience. 
What You’ll Receive 
You’ll receive a competitive salary and a great benefits plan: 
Medical, dental, life, vision, wellness program, disability, 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. 
Discounts on Stanley Black & Decker tools and other partner programs. 
 
How you'll feel: 
We want our company to be a place you’ll want to be – and stay. Being part of our team means you’ll get to:
 Grow:  Be part of our global company with 20+ brands to grow and develop your skills along multiple career paths.
 Learn:  Have access to a wealth of learning resources, including our Lean Academy, Coursera® and online university.
 Belong:  Experience an awesome place to work, where we have mutual respect and a great appreciation for diversity, equity and inclusion. 
Give Back:  Help us continue to make positive changes locally and globally through volunteerism, giving back and sustainable business practices. 
 
What’s more, you’ll get that pride that comes from empowering makers, doers, protectors and everyday heroes all over the world. We’re more than the #1 tools and storage company and #2 security solutions provider, with a leading presence in engineered fastening. We’re visionaries. Industry 4.0 innovators. As successful as we’ve been in the past, we have so much further to go. That’s where you come in. Join us! 
 
 #LI-AH1 
 
 All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic. 
 Requisition Number 
 80682BR 
 Business 
 US - Corporate
 No. of Positions 
 1 
 EEO Statement 
 All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic. 
 Function 
 Information Systems
 Featured Category on SBD Careers 
 Technology & Data Stanley Black & Decker 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in New Britain, CT Jobs at Stanley Black & Decker in New Britain, CT Scientist salaries in New Britain, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stanley Black & Decker Stanley Black & Decker 1,916 reviews For the builders and protectors, for the makers and explorers, for those shaping and reshaping our world through hard work and inspiratio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
