
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, Semantic Scholar - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, Semantic Scholar The Allen Institute for AI Seattle, WA Who You Are: 
AI2 is seeking a Research Scientist to join our Semantic Scholar Research team. Research Scientists on our team contribute to AI2's impact-driven mission in an exciting, fast-paced research environment. They have the opportunity to:
 
author and present high-quality scientific papers and presentations for peer-reviewed journals and conferences,
 take a leading role in implementing open source software systems to improve access to our research,
 collaborate with and learn from team members across AI2, including scientists and engineers,
 mentor early-career researchers and interns on their projects, and
 help develop collaborative relationships with relevant academic, industrial, government, and standards organizations.
 
Please apply before March 30th for full consideration. Note that we will conduct interviews on a rolling basis, so we encourage applying early before the deadline.
 
Why Semantic Scholar?
 
As a Research Scientist on our team, you'll have the unique opportunity to see your research help improve the productivity and discovery experience of millions of scholars who use Semantic Scholar ( semanticscholar.org ) every week.
 
We collaborate frequently with researchers on other AI2 teams focused on natural language processing and computer vision, among others. Our main office has close ties and unique access to researchers at the University of Washington, only 1.5 miles away. Researchers excited about such internal and external collaborations are encouraged to apply.
 
 Our research areas include, but are not limited to:  Natural language processing, human-AI interaction, language and vision, machine learning, information retrieval, and data science. See our team page ( https://research.semanticscholar.org/publications ) for examples of our work.
 
 What you'll need: 
One year or less from completing their PhD, or already have a PhD in Computer Science or related field, with specific focus in one or more of our team's active research areas.
 A strong publication record in AI-related areas. Example venues include ACL, CHI, ICLR, EMNLP, SIGIR, KDD, WWW, CVPR, NeurIPS, ICML. Contributions to research communities (e.g. workshop organization, tutorials) are a plus.
 Strong software engineering skills. Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g. PyTorch, Tensorflow), and contributions to open-source research libraries (e.g. AllenNLP, spaCy) are a plus.
 
 Who We Are: 
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen and headed by Professor Oren Etzioni. The core mission of AI2 is to contribute to humanity through high-impact research in artificial intelligence.
 
In addition to AI2's core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are:
 
We are a learning organization – because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers.
 We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA+ community, and people with disabilities of any kind.
 We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered.
 We emphasize a healthy work/life balance – we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their work/life balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave.
 We are collaborative and transparent – we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures.
 We are in Seattle – and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States.
 We are friendly – chances are you will like every one of the 100+ (and growing) people who work here. We do.
 
AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hr@allenai.org or you may call us at  206-548-5600 . The Allen Institute for AI 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Research Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Allen Institute for AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
