
 
 
 
 Sr. Programmer Writer - AI/ML - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Programmer Writer - AI/ML Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews New York, NY Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, a related field, or equivalent experience 
 Experience using content publishing tools to write, format, manage, and publish high-quality content 
 Experience with content strategy and design 
 Proven ability to learn new technologies quickly 
 Ability to write example code: Python, C++, R, or another programming language 
 Experience working with XML, markdown, rst, and HTML 
 Familiarity with using and following a style guide 
 Experience with cloud computing/web services or related areas 
 Knowledge of machine learning frameworks, such as XGBoost or SKLearn, and/or... 
 Knowledge of deep learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or MXNet 
 Familiarity with Jupyter notebooks 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills 
 
Are you interested in machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI/ML)? Are you deeply curious about cloud computing? Are you a good writer that also dabbles in writing code? If so, you might be interested in a position as a Programmer Writer at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
 
As an AWS Programmer Writer, you will have the opportunity to work with a talented technical team to produce technical documentation and code examples in a cross-functional, distributed environment. Amazon.com is committed to being a leader in the web services marketplace, and one of the key measures of success is how well we support the developers who use AWS products. The documentation team plays a vital role in getting our customers up and running quickly and making sure that the details of our products are clearly described and easy to understand.
 
The ideal candidate has a technical aptitude that enables effective interaction with other Technical/Programmer Writers, Software Development Engineers, Product Managers, and Technical Program Managers. In addition, the ideal candidate has excellent communication skills and the ability to deliver high-quality technical publications.
 
Key Responsibilities
 
 Drive documentation and examples planning with engineering teams 
 Produce high-quality documentation and examples for a web service 
 Independently follow designs and standards to develop and deliver conceptual, how-to, and API reference docs for AWS products 
 Make suggestions for updating or improving our doc and examples standards 
 Work as part of a team to produce for AWS products 
 Conduct peer edits for grammar, style, voice, form, and functionality 
 Define writing projects, end-to-end example notebook experiences, and determine priorities 
 Work on an exploratory project, such as an interactive tutorial, a demo of a new way of applying a technology, or your own great idea 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 Experience blogging or creating websites 
 Contributor to open source software 
 Experience fixing customer tickets, GitHub pull requests and issues, or an equivalent workflow for incident management 
 A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results 
 Strong troubleshooting skills 
 Strong interpersonal skills 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Writer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in New York, NY Senior Writer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
