
 
 
 
 Software Dev Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Dev Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 
Are you inspired to work with a team than launches products with direct and massive impact on Amazon’s customers? Are you excited to join one of the newest and most exciting AWS services?
 
Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences. Amazon Connect is the result of the ten years of development that went into building the tools Amazon uses to provide its award winning customer service at massive scale and launching it as a publicly available AWS service. With Amazon Connect, you can create your own cloud-based contact center and be taking calls in minutes. Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience. With this technology, we are transforming an industry and the way customers interact with businesses and how agents service them.
 See our section in Andy Jassy 2020 re:  Invent keynote
 
We have a rapidly growing customer base and an exciting charter in front of us that includes solving highly complex engineering and algorithmic problems. We are looking for passionate and talented Software Development Engineers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud. The position represents a rare opportunity to be a part of a fast-growing business soon after launch, and help shape the technology and product as we grow. You will be playing a crucial role in developing the next generation contact center, and get the opportunity to design and deliver scaleable, resilient systems while maintaining a constant customer focus.
 
As a developer on our team, you’ll own code end-to-end from design to development, and work closely with senior technical leaders within the team and across AWS. You’ll have a sound understanding of computer science fundamentals and practical industry experience, working across the stack with technology involving modern web, SOA, NoSQL databases, AI, ML, Big Data and more.
 
This team is a great fit for you if
 
 You enjoy working with a fun team that prides itself on a great work environment with an inclusive group of people that are working together towards a common goal. 
 You are sensitive to customer needs and interested in working on a service that will be used, directly and indirectly, by millions of customers and has a meaningful impact to their functions and interactions. 
 You’d like to be directly responsible for solving real customer problems. 
 You are a passionate learner and are motivated to take on new challenges. 
 You want to have fun; surround yourself with a highly talented pool of engineers that like to solve complex problems, but also enjoy work life balance. 
 
Learn more about Amazon Connect here.
 
Media coverage on Amazon Connect can be found here, here and here
 Power of Amazon Connect
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee -led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 5+ years experience building successful production software systems. 
 The ability to take raw product requirements and develop software architectures and designs to bring them to life. 
 Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills and a track record of delivery. 
 Experience leveraging object oriented design practices in Java or C++ or .Net. 
 Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers 
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between 
 Experience in driving systemic operational improvementsExperience mentoring junior software engineers to improve their skills, and make them more effective, product software engineers 
 Experience influencing software engineers best practices within your team 
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategy 
 Master's degree in computer science or related technical discipline, or equivalent experience 
 Experience with or knowledge of AWS services 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
