
 
 
 
 Physical Sciences & Engineering Postdoc for Space Applications - Los Alamos, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Physical Sciences & Engineering Postdoc for Space Applications Los Alamos National Laboratory 274 reviews Los Alamos, NM Los Alamos National Laboratory 274 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. What You Will Do 
 The Space Science and Applications group (ISR-1) in the Intelligence and Space Research (ISR) division leads a variety of civilian and defense-related programs sponsored by DOE, DOD, NASA, and other US agencies ( space.lanl.gov ). In support of these missions, we develop satellite-based x-ray, gamma-ray, neutron, and charged particle detectors to measure natural and artificial radiation in space. We additionally monitor the space radiation environment for space and ground asset predictive warnings. We have an international reputation in the detection of nuclear phenomenology as well as in the data analysis, simulation, and modeling of the natural space environment.
 ISR-1 is engaged in a number of pioneering basic-science missions which include:
 · Magnetospheric physics
 · Planetary exploration
 · Gamma-ray astrophysics
 · Space situational awareness
 · Solar-terrestrial interactions
 These studies greatly enhance our research and contribute to our technological base. ISR-1 capabilities extend from mission concept to design and calibration, data analysis, simulation and modeling.
 As a postdoctoral researcher, you will work as part of a multi-disciplinary team in a team based collaborative, technical research environment. Your skills and ideas will be applied to specific project goals with guidance from senior staff. Our postdocs are key collaborators in the development of innovative solutions to important technical challenges and in implementing new technology. You will also have the opportunity to present research and write internal and external publications.
 The LANL Postdoctoral Program is a pipeline for hiring technical staff at the Laboratory, many of whom first joined LANL as postdocs. 
 
 
 What You Need
 Minimum Job Requirements: 
 Research & Collaboration
 
Demonstrated experience in conducting original scientific research and working effectively on multi-disciplinary teams. 
 Communication
 
Good interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills. 
 Education/Experience
 
Requires a Ph.D. in field relevant to radiation detection, completed within the past five years, or soon to be completed. Examples include but are not limited to: physics, nuclear physics, space physics, nuclear engineering, astronomy, astrophysics, etc. 
 Desired Qualifications:
 Technical Experience/Expertise
 
Experience or expertise in any of the following areas:
 Design, modeling, simulation, or development of advanced sensing instruments for x-ray, gamma-ray, neutron, or charged particle detection.
 Work in research accelerator or radiation calibration facilities.
 Hardware, modeling, simulation, or data analysis from past or current planetary missions or astrophysics missions.
 Experience in computational physics and/or computational transport theory
 Experience with HPC computing
 Special Note to Applicants:
 Along with your resume and transcript, please include a detailed cover letter describing your research interests and explaining how you meet each of the minimum requirements and any of the desired qualifications. 
 
 
 Where You Will Work 
 Located in beautiful northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. Our generous benefits package includes:
 § PPO or High Deductible medical insurance with the same large nationwide network
 § Dental and vision insurance
 § Free basic life and disability insurance
 § Paid maternity and parental leave
 § Award-winning 401(k) (6% matching plus 3.5% annually)
 § Learning opportunities and tuition assistance
 § Flexible schedules and time off (paid sick, vacation, and holidays)
 § Onsite gyms and wellness programs
 § Extensive relocation packages (outside a 50 mile radius) 
 
 
 Additional Details
 Position does not require a security clearance. Candidates who have the ability to obtain a DOE “Q” clearance will have more opportunities. To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age. U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information. 
 Appointments are for two years, renewable for a third year. Competitive salaries are based on the date the PhD degree requirements were completed or the degree was awarded. On the anniversary of these dates, salaries are automatically adjusted to the next higher level. For more information see our Postdoc Salary Guidelines, https://www.lanl.gov/careers/career-options/postdoctoral-research/postdoc-program/postdoc-salary-guidelines.php
 New-Employment Drug Test:  The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing.
 Equal Opportunity:  Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regards to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call  1-505-665-4444  option 1. 
 
 
 
 
 Appointment Type  Postdoc
  
 Postdoc Los Alamos National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Developer jobs in Los Alamos, NM Jobs at Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos, NM Application Developer salaries in Los Alamos, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Los Alamos National Laboratory Los Alamos National Laboratory 274 reviews Los Alamos National Laboratory is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. W... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
