
 
 
 
 Senior Advanced Quality Technician - Cullman, AL 35057 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Advanced Quality Technician General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Cullman, AL 35057 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications : 
AA Degree in related discipline or the equivalent is required. In addition, a minimum of 5 years of directly related experience is required. 
J-STD_001, 002, IPC 610, MIL-STD-883, MIL-STD-750, ESDS, and X-Ray qualification certifications may be required. 
CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Applicants selected may be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Help make the technologies, products and services that make a difference. That’s the opportunity that’s waiting for you at General Dynamics Mission Systems. We help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe by creating solutions so advanced, they redefine innovation for the world. It’s an amazing challenge. And it’s waiting for you now.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.
 
 
With dedication and precision, the Senior Advanced Quality Technician will determine requirement compliance of mechanical, electro-mechanical and electronic parts and materials through visual inspection, electrical or mechanical screening and physical measurements. Working directly with project engineering and QA, you’ll develop part testing and screening requirements, configure electrical component test set-ups, fabricate electrical test fixtures, write programs for automated test systems and perform part screening tests such as Solderability, Hermeticity, and PIND. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
An Associate’s degree in a related field or the equivalent is required. In addition, a minimum of 5 years directly related experience is required. J-STD_001, 002, IPC 610, MIL-STD-883, MIL-STD-750 and X-Ray qualification certifications may be required 
Distinct knowledge of AC & DC electronic theory, automated test equipment programming, geometric tolerance and dimensioning, metallurgy, and military and industry test methods and standards 
Skilled in operation of coordinate measuring machines and electronic test equipment 
What sets you apart: 
Distinct knowledge of safe handling of ESD devices 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success 
REPRESENTATIVE DUTIES AND TASKS: 
Reviews instructions, drawings, blueprints, process sheets and specifications per customer requirements. 
Reads and interprets complex drawings and process sheets. Uses shop formulas to make calculations requiring knowledge of geometry and basic trigonometry in accordance with ASME Y14.5 (Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerance). 
Devises inspection methods to inspect and check components according to customer specifications and requirements or uses established standard method. 
Performs first piece, in-process and/or final inspection on all products, components and parts for characteristics, tolerances, alignment, finish, locations and geometrical tolerances as required. 
Determines allowable variations. Establishes critical values for surface finishes, interference fits and very close bearing clearances at both room and/or elevated temperatures. Constantly measures in 1-5 micro inch range. 
Matches components for interference fits and makes dimensional checks involving tolerances in the 3-5 micro inch range. 
Sets up, calibrates and cross checks sensitive measuring instruments; such as Dia-mets, mikrokator, Talysurf and special gapping fixtures or tools. 
Uses precision measuring and checking instruments in making inspection checks. 
Inspects surfaces to establish values of roughness or porosity defects. Insures against cracks, scratches, pores, etc. Makes determination as to disposition such as appropriate corrective action or to reject. 
Verifies dimensional values of assemblies and sub-assemblies. 
On items that will be coated or anodized, makes determination of final size prior to lapping so that when coating is applied the final size will be correct. 
Performs non-destructive hardness testing as required. 
Fills out inspection reports by posting data such as special processes, identification number and customer name using computerized data sheets. 
Works with and explains to customer any pertinent information about the part, inspection procedure, compliance with specifications, etc. 
Works closely with Manufacturing by relaying information necessary for machine adjustments on manufacturing floor. 
Identifies part to drawing requirements. 
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES 
Strong knowledge of geometric tolerance and dimensioning 
Strong knowledge of metallurgy 
Strong knowledge of military and industry test methods and standards 
Skilled in operation of coordinate measuring machines 
 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Quality Technician jobs in Cullman, AL Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Cullman, AL Senior Quality Technician salaries in Cullman, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
