
 
 
 
 Executive Assistant To Chief Executive Officer - Denver, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Executive Assistant To Chief Executive Officer Aevum Denver, CO Job details Salary $50,000 - $150,000 a year Full Job Description Aevum, Inc. is an American technology company that designs, develops, and sells autonomous air, space, and package transportation services. The company focuses on autonomous technologies, rapid logistics, e-commerce, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence. 
 
Our Social Mission 
 
Aevum, Inc. was founded to democratize the access to space and directly enable space-based assets that can connect the other half of the world that currently do not have access to the internet. We believe that the right technologies deployed in space can help make the world better and transcend the unity of humankind. 
 Executive Assistant To Chief Executive Officer 
 
As Executive Assistant, you will work independently and alongside multidisciplinary teams to support the CEO as a part of his office. 
 
Executive Assistant provides day-to-day professional, administrative, and personal support to the CEO of Aevum. The ideal candidate has extensive administrative experience supporting a high-performance individual in-the-office setting. You will use your expertise, “can do” attitude, and organizational skills to assist the CEO in fundamental and complex professional work. You must be highly resourceful and be an excellent problem solver. 
 
The administrative work involves exposure to highly sensitive, confidential, and/or classified information requiring confidentiality, tact, and discretion. 
 
Aevum’s development timelines are aggressive and you’ll be asked to work hard as necessary. Our ideal candidate is passionate about making the world better, is a self-starter, and is hungry to do work that matters. 
 
Aevum is a global company and occasional travel is required of the Executive Assistant. You are also expected to be available all hours as required by the CEO. 
 
The salary range for this position is $50,000 - $150,000/year. 
 
Responsibilities 
 First and most important, be a partner to the CEO and his vision and help leverage the CEO’s time by performing various duties based on the busy and growing needs of his business and personal life. The CEO and the company are growing quickly, you need to grow accordingly. 
 Work alongside other assistants to complete tasks in support of a rapidly growing company. 
 Research, compile, organize, graph, and accurately portray information. 
 Perform administrative tasks such as preparing document templates, filing, running errands, etc. 
 Take notes or dictation at meetings on behalf of the CEO. 
 Arrange travel, travel plans, itineraries, agendas, visas and accommodation and travel with the CEO and ensure that all relevant documents are available for travel related activities. 
 Answer and screen CEO’s cell phone calls, texts, and handle them when appropriate. Deal with incoming email and correspond on behalf of the CEO. 
 Relentlessly manage the CEO’s time. Organize and maintain the CEO’s calendar, appointments, action items and support the CEO by informing him of all commitments and responsibilities. Follow up on behalf of the CEO when appropriate. 
 Maintain a realistic balance of priorities and manage conflicting priorities. 
 Complete complex projects with minimal supervision. 
 Produce documents, briefing papers, reports, and presentations as directed. 
 Help organize and maintain the filing system of the Denver office. 
 Support the CEO in the operations of the company including taking on independent projects to support the operations and growth of the company. 
 Assist in managing and maintaining the Denver office as a professional, organized, and efficient workplace. 
 Assist in fulfilling the duties of human resources department such as onboarding new hires, recruiting, making offers, and any other HR related tasks. 
 Assist in the processing of important documents, contracts, and legal agreements. 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
 Experience supporting high performance executives at a tech, aerospace, or startup 
 Working knowledge of corporate finance, financial statements, or business relations 
 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Must be willing to travel as necessary (~10%) 
 As needed, must be willing to work extended hours and occasional weekends. 
 TRAVEL 
 
Limited amount of travel may be requested for this position. 
 
COVID-19 RESTRICTIONS 
 
Aevum prioritizes the safety of our employees and their families. Therefore, Aevum employees will be required to work remotely as much as possible. During this time, Aevum will also restrict travel both domestically and internationally. 
 ITAR REQUIREMENT 
 
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. 
 
BENEFITS 
 
Dental insurance, health insurance, paid time off, vision insurance, stock incentives, bonus potential, great work culture with a chance to be part of a revolutionary team 
 
SCHEDULE 
 
Weekdays; weekends as necessary 
 
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 
Employment with Aevum is governed by qualifications, competence, and merit. Employment will not be influenced by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Aevum 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Executive Assistant to Chief Financial Officer jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Aevum in Denver, CO Executive Assistant to Chief Financial Officer salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aevum Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
