
 
 
 
 Lead AI/ML Architect - Palm Bay, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Lead AI/ML Architect L3Harris Technologies Palm Bay, FL Description:
 Job Title: Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Systems Architect 
 
Job Code: SAS20211006-62561 
 
Job Location:  Palm Bay, FL / Remote 
 
 Job Description:
 L3Harris has an immediate opening for an Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Systems Architect to develop and implement machine learning algorithms and models. 
 
 Essential Functions:
 Create system-level solutions for data fusion and optimization through conception and application of machine learning or machine intelligence. 
 Develop technology development roadmaps and investment strategies for near-term and long-term business growth. 
 Lead independent research and development projects and collaborate with multi-domain data scientists to develop novel techniques and capture intellectual property. 
 Create, write and review business proposals in relevant technology areas. 
 Develop and present architectures and concepts to internal and external customers. 
 
 Required Qualifications: 
 
 PhD with 5 years experience, or a Masters degree with 10 years experience in a relevant field (computer science/engineering, optimization, machine learning). 
 Experience in two or more of the following areas: machine learning, data mining, statistical modeling, optimization, algorithms, big-data, game theory, machine vision. 
 Experience with formally documenting, presenting, and communicating complex ideas to audiences with diverse backgrounds. 
 Experience applying statistical or analytical methods to complex problems to develop production-ready solutions. 
 Published work in relevant technology areas. 
 
 Preferred Additional Skills: 
 
 Experience improving features of, productizing and validating or creating trust in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms for use in real-world environments 
 Expertise with one or more programming languages for the purposes of algorithm development: Matlab, C/C++, Python 
 Experience optimizing for, and migrating learning models to field devices (edge processing) 
 Experience directly interacting with customers to develop their technology roadmaps, identify opportunities for AI/ML technology insertion and/or create new business opportunities 
 Active TS/SCI security clearance. L3Harris 9 days ago original job Report job Lead Architect jobs in Palm Bay, FL Jobs at Technologies in Palm Bay, FL Lead Architect salaries in Palm Bay, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
