
 
 
 
 Assistant Director (Director for the Center for Artificial Intelligence Innovation) - Urbana, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Director (Director for the Center for Artificial Intelligence Innovation) NCSA/UofI Urbana, IL Director's Office 
 *** search extended until May 28, 2021 *** 
 The National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign provides supercomputing and advanced digital resources for the nation's science enterprise. At NCSA, University of Illinois faculty, staff, students and collaborators from around the globe use these resources to address research challenges for the benefit of science and society. NCSA has been advancing many of the world's industry giants for over 35 years by bringing industry, researchers and students together to solve grand challenges at rapid speed and scale. 
 NCSA is seeking a talented, highly-motivated individual to provide leadership, oversight and management of the Center for Artificial Intelligence Innovation (CAII). The Assistant Director (AD)—fulfilling the role of Director of the CAII—will provide leadership and management of the activities and strategic initiatives of the CAII. The selected candidate will foster and actively participate in a vigorous research program with international impact, including the pursuit of external funding opportunities. The AD will oversee all staff and student employees within the CAII. 
 NCSA is committed to increasing the diversity of the campus community. Candidates who have experience working with a diverse range of faculty, staff, and students, and who can contribute to the climate of inclusivity are encouraged to apply. 
 Key responsibilities 
 Lead and conduct research activities: 40%
 Maintain an active research effort in AI method development and/or applications of AI methods to research questions. 
 Publish regularly results of research efforts. 
 Secure sponsored funds to support research efforts. 
 In collaboration with faculty, research and technical staff, and industry partners and others, pursue research opportunities that advance the scientific mission and strategic goals of NCSA in the area of AI. 
 Provide leadership of the CAII: 30%
 Responsible for the development of the CAII strategic plan and the development and implementation of programs, objectives, and long-range planning that are supportive of the NCSA strategic plan. 
 Identify, cultivate, and proactively establish partnerships between faculty, research and technical staff, and industry, as well as new strategic relationships locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally. 
 Represent NCSA's expertise in AI to stakeholders, sponsors, and the broader AI research community and participate as a leader/expert in discussing state of the art AI approaches and methods. e.g.:
 Understand an analysis challenge and provide substantive input to discussions. 
 Identify the relevant experts across NCSA and partners to address challenges.
 Identify challenges and gaps in capabilities that hinder the advancement and translations of AI approaches and define and implement strategies for addressing these challenges. 
 Identify, develop and assess funding opportunities in partnership with NCSA staff. This will include, but is not limited to:
 Expanding existing engagements to extend services and activities. 
 Partnering NCSA staff with members of the University community, academic institutions, government research labs and industry to realize new services and capabilities through joint programs and projects. 
 Developing vision, strategy, policy and plans that lead to fruitful collaborations. 
 Provide management of the CAII: 30%
 Develop, implement, and manage CAII programs, policies, and objectives. 
 Manage expenditures within the available project funding for the CAII and make financial decisions to assure timely and effective financial management. 
 Develop and analyze program schedules, resource allocations, and budget inputs for annual operations for development of new project proposals. 
 Establish and maintain program status summaries and metrics. 
 Ensure the appropriate levels of project governance to address risks, issues, and critical dependencies. 
 Oversee development, and related progress, of program schedules, resource allocation, and budgets. 
 Track program budgets and work with the Business Office to provide forecasts. 
 Lead a collaborative effort with NCSA's Marketing and Communications team in the development of a marketing and communication campaign to increase visibility, awareness, and impact of the NCSA AI initiatives to campus, and externally to industry, peer institutions, and government agencies locally, regionally, nationally and internationally. 
 Contribute to and represent CAII at regional and national meetings and workshops. 
 Prepare and/or deliver, as appropriate, presentations, briefings, and reports regarding CAII activities for diverse audiences. 
 Direct, supervise, and support staff in the proper implementation of University policy and procedures, including delegating project tasks and conducting staff performance evaluations. 
 Meet monthly with the EAD for Engagement. 
 Required education and experience 
 Bachelor's degree in computational science (including computer science, engineering, physics etc.) or related field required. Alternative degree fields may be considered/accepted if accompanied by equivalent experience (depending on nature and depth of experience as it relates to current NCSA strategic objectives). 
 Five or more years of experience leading and overseeing multiple projects with multidisciplinary teams that leverage data analytics. Outputs of such projects should include a track record of publications exemplifying advanced knowledge of AI. 
 Extensive experience in working with sponsor cognizant staff in managing awards. This can include working with federal agencies (e.g. NSF, NIH, DOE, NASA and/or other agencies), corporate partners, foundations, and philanthropies. 
 Experience in developing and executing long-range and short-range plans and schedules. 
 Experience in developing and managing budgets. 
 Experience in making public presentations to diverse audiences. 
 Experience working with data-intensive research communities and interdisciplinary projects. 
 Demonstrated track record in developing and leading successful proposals to industry, foundations, and/or federal agencies. 
 Preferred experience 
 Ph.D. degree in computational science (including computer science, engineering, physics, etc.) or related field. 
 Experience working on large-scale, multidisciplinary projects with government, industry, or non-governmental organizations (NGOs). 
 Experience in developing reusable algorithmic approaches, tools or software that serve multiple communities. 
 Engaging with students and faculty. 
 Demonstrated track record in developing and leading successful proposals at Federal agencies, particularly those focused on AI research. 
 Key skills/knowledge 
 Strong understanding of computing, data, and artificial intelligence, including how it affects all sectors (e.g., academia, industry, not-for-profit, NGO, etc.). 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
 Proven ability to manage personnel from different disciplines. 
 Proven leadership skills with a collaborative management style that will facilitate interaction with all levels in the organization (e.g., superiors, colleagues, subordinates) as well as customers and corporate partners. 
 Prior or working knowledge of NCSA and the University rules, regulations, and procedures for personnel, grants, contracts, and other appropriate areas. 
 
 This is a regular academic professional position at NCSA and is an annually renewable, 12/12, 100%-time appointment with regular University benefits. Salary is commensurate with experience and start date will be as soon as possible after the close date of the search. Applicants must possess required education and experience by start date of position. Interviews may occur before the closing date; however, all applications received by the closing date will receive full consideration. For further information regarding our application procedures, please email hudgens2@illinois.edu. 
 To apply, please create your candidate profile at jobs.illinois.edu and upload your cover letter and CV/resume by the close date,  May 28, 2021 . Contact information for three references must be included on the application. For full consideration, candidates must complete the Hiretouch application process by the above date. 
 The University of Illinois conducts criminal background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer. The University of Illinois System requires candidates selected for hire to disclose any documented finding of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment and to authorize inquiries to current and former employers regarding findings of sexual misconduct or sexual harassment. For more information, visit Policy on Consideration of Sexual Misconduct in Prior Employment. As a qualifying federal contractor, the University of Illinois System uses E-Verify to verify employment eligibility. 
 The University of Illinois is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. For more information, visit http://go.illinois.edu/EEO.
 
 
For further information regarding our application procedures, you may visit www.ncsa.illinois.edu or email NCSA-HR@illinois.edu. NCSA/UofI 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Director jobs in Urbana, IL Jobs at NCSA/UofI in Urbana, IL Assistant Director salaries in Urbana, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCSA/UofI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
