
 
 
 
 Global Quality Technical Program Manager - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global Quality Technical Program Manager Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 276043 
Global Quality Technical Program Manager 
Are you an agent of change?
 As Technical Program Manager in the Global Quality [GQ] Department, we work with leadership teams to run projects and programs including communication and change management by handling programs that consist of multiple complex projects to achieve specific business goals and objectives while ensuring balance in the allocation of resources. You will assure accurate design and tracking of programs to predict results and outcomes critical to success! Analysis of program progress in terms of root cause analysis, risk, resources consumption, interdependencies, and gaps are also key functions of PM responsibilities. 
You will be responsible for 
Ensuring that multiple projects are progressing towards GQ Strategic Direction. 
Leading or supporting cross-functional initiatives in collaboration with peers and functional managers in a common direction on global initiatives and strategic projects. 
Forging and improving positive relationships with internal customers by understanding their requirements, expectations, and deliver value consistently. 
Communicating program status on a regular cadence to the supervisor, leadership team, and project teams in a succinct manner. 
Education: 
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Electrical, Electronics, Microelectronics, Mechanical Engineering. (required) 
Business Administration/Management, PMP certified. (desired) 
Skills and Experience: 
We are looking for a hardworking, highly motivated team member with
 5+ years of meaningful experience as a PM. 
DRAM Memory and/or Cloud Computing experience preferred 
Working experience in Semiconductor Industry - Front-end or Back-end process. 
Effective oral and written communication with strong analytical, problem-solving, multitasking, and project management skills are essential on the job. 
Hands-on experience with Tableau or other data reporting, management, and visualization software. 
Relevant experience with Confluence, Jira, and SharePoint. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Quality || Experienced || Regular || Project/Program Management || #LI-CM1 || Tier 4 || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Program Manager jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Technical Program Manager salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
