
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Publications Program Manager, Machine Learning Community - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Publications Program Manager, Machine Learning Community Apple 10,251 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Apr 27, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200240570 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of quickly becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences. Do you love taking on challenges that create a positive impact? If so, then we want you.
Apple’s AI/ML organization is looking for a Program Manager to partner with researchers in the publication of groundbreaking research in artificial intelligence and machine learning that drives Apple's products and features.
This role requires the ability to oversee and execute a detail-driven process in parallel for multiple stakeholders, with a constant eye on iterative process improvement. This teammate will build strong partnerships cross-functionally, collaborating to impact engagement across multiple teams. Outstanding verbal and written communication skills, detail-oriented execution of day-to-day tasks, and strategic, big-picture program management are essential for this role. 
Key Qualifications 
Structured critical thinking with ability to easily break down ambiguous problems and propose impactful solutions. 
Strong analytical skills and a willingness to discover opportunities for impact at every level — from the smallest details to multi-year programmatic vision. 
Strong experience with leading, organizing, and executing programs with rolling deadlines. 
Self-sufficient with an ability to thrive in an environment of autonomy amidst ambiguity. 
Proven ability to drive projects to successful completion whether working independently or with large cross-functional teams. 
Not afraid to ask questions — possess natural curiosity to drive improvements at every level to ensure program is in line with evolving business objectives. 
Outstanding communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal, to all levels of an organization. 
Extraordinary relationship management skills with the ability to influence and collaborate across all levels in the organization. 
Phenomenal teammate — invested in the collective success of the team and project outcomes. 
3+ years of PM, engineering, and/or research experience working on software or ML/AI projects. 
Relevant experience or an interest in academic publishing a plus. 
Description 
To be successful, you will be eliminating barriers to your team's success, clearly communicating their work to all partners and ensuring the big picture stays in focus while digging into the details on specific issues.
RESPONSIBILITIES
* Identify project scope, constraints, dependencies, and risks and execute projects to completion.
* Organize and drive program steering committee and program coordinators, to include regular meetings, roles and responsibilities, and deadlines and deliverables.
* Oversee and execute the day-to-day implementation of the publication process as the primary point of contact for multiple stakeholders in parallel, each with varying timelines and expectations.
* Drive management and implementation of tooling improvements, documentation, and trainings.
* Regularly evaluate and improve processes based on stakeholder feedback and business objectives. * Gather and communicate project status, metrics, and key results clearly to stakeholders, including leadership and executive team.
* Be clear, concise, and effective in written and verbal communications, filtering and distilling meaningful information for the right audiences. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
