
 
 
 
 AVP – Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning - Coral Gables, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AVP – Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning Baptist Health South Florida 1,375 reviews Coral Gables, FL Baptist Health South Florida 1,375 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Baptist Health South Florida is once again one of the 2020 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For! This is the 20th time Baptist Health has been recognized on the list. We have also been recognized for being among the best healthcare providers in the nation by U.S. News & World Reports in its 2020-2021 Best Hospitals and have been honored as one of PEOPLE's 2020 50 Companies that Care by PEOPLE magazine and Great Place to Work. 
 
Baptist Health South Florida is the region's largest not-for-profit healthcare organization with more than 23,000 employees working across 11 hospital campuses and more than 100 outpatient facilities throughout Miami-Dade, Monroe, Broward, and Palm Beach counties. In 2016 we welcomed the newest weapon in the fight against cancer, the world-class Miami Cancer Institute and proton therapy center. 
 
Everything we do at Baptist Health, we do to the best of our ability. That includes supporting our team with extensive training programs, millions of dollars in tuition assistance, comprehensive benefits and more. Working within our award-winning culture means getting the respect and support you need to do your best work ever. Find out why this is the best place to be your best! 
Description: 
As an experienced leader in implementing AI/ML with a track record of success, you will grow an internal team positioned to have a great impact on the future of Healthcare. You will lead a global team that includes Data Scientists, AI Scientists, Software Engineers, and Product Managers in building our AI & other advanced analytics solutions. We are looking for a unique combination of skills: strong business acumen with a history of using data to solve business problems, deep analytical and data science skills, ability to drive and own business relationships, a strategic and technical mindset as well as the ability to lead and grow advanced data science and/or AI teams. A strong bias for patient, physician and other business outcomes is necessary along with an ability to make continuous improvements in application of AI/ML/Data techniques. 
Qualifications: 
MS Degree in Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Machine Learning, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related quantitative discipline. PhD degree preferred.5+ years of senior leadership experience managing a team of AI/ML scientists & engineers who develop and deploy AI/ML models.15+ years of experience in Data Science/Analytics or related field. In-depth experience with modern AI & data science approaches, including unsupervised and supervised classification and regression algorithms such as k-means clustering, support vector machines, random forests, neural networks and deep learning. Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems. Significant experience in the modelling of complex datasets in applied business applications. Advanced software development skills in standard data science languages (such as R, or Python) and familiarity with database systems (SQL, NoSQL, graph). In-depth experience of manipulating and analyzing large high dimensionality unstructured datasets, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results across stakeholders. Experience applying knowledge from multiple disciplines to identify and solve large and/or significantly complex problems that require scientific innovation. Experience and track record of successfully developing and delivering AI & Advanced analytics solutions using Public Cloud/AWS based Data/AI Technology platforms. Prior Experience leading teams that have developed and deployed ML models for classification, regression, and clustering with deep neural networks. Experience leading teams that use large scale data processing in AWS platforms. Experience with the Agile software development lifecycle methodologies (SAFe/Scrum). Experience building and managing large development teams; led them toward a big vision and consistent execution through mentoring, coaching, retrospectives, and feedback loop. Experience working with external Development & Integration partners and other vendors. Highly organized, detail-oriented approach to handling multiple projects under tight deadlines. Excellent interpersonal skills, technical leadership, project delivery, and people management. 
 
 
 
 
 EOE 
 6855 S Red Rd Coral Gables, FL 33143-3647
 Category 
Leadership
 Corporate
 Posted Date:
 06/18/2021
 Job Id 
115458 Baptist Health South Florida 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Coral Gables, FL Jobs at Baptist Health South Florida in Coral Gables, FL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Coral Gables, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Baptist Health South Florida Baptist Health South Florida 1,375 reviews Join our Talent Community and stay up-to-date on our career opportunities. https://bhsf.avature.net/talentcommunity 

The Best Place To... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
