
 
 
 
 Information and Data Architect - Virginia - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Information and Data Architect Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC 18 reviews Virginia Remote Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC 18 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC, an award-winning federal government contractor, has an exciting opportunity for an Enterprise Architect to join our team in the Northern Virginia | DMV area. This member of our team will provide technical and subject matter expertise for continued maintenance and enhancement of the TSA Enterprise Information and Data Architecture capabilities. Candidate will have demonstrated capability in providing information and data architectural support services across solution architecture, segment architecture, and enterprise architecture. Key skills and job function includes:
 
Create, maintain, and guide conceptual and logical models at the enterprise, segment, and solution level, spanning multiple special domains (e.g., aviation security, biometrics, geospatial, cloud, mobile).
 
Create enterprise information/data views. Gather and analyze information and data to generate new or enhance existing enterprise views to convey as-is and to-be architecture.
 
Provide strategic information and data/architectural service. Research and analyze specific capabilities or technology areas including but not limited to semantic technologies, robotic process automation, machine learning, and artificial intelligence;
 
Assist with determining opportunities to increase efficiency, improve information sharing, and reduce costs within the EA environment;
 
Assist with the standardization, reduction and simplification of capabilities and information technology assets based on mission needs, resource constraints, advances in technology, and planning within the IT industry and the Federal environment;
 
Provide enterprise information and data management support, to include:
 
Establish and enforce TSA information and data architectural principles and standards;
 
Provide enterprise information/data management support;
 
Provide services to enhance TSA EA information and data management maturity;
 
Implement recommendations and best practices to advance TSA's information and data architecture practices
 
Explore the application of technology to different problem sets;
 
Conduct pilots to demonstrate the power of ML/AI and other automation tools;
 
Create implementation roadmaps for successful automation pilots;
 
Provide support to stand up the TSA Chief Data Officer (CDO) function
 
 Minimum Required Qualifications: 
Must be a U.S. Citizen
 
Strong communication skills and ability to work with customers and staff
 
Excellent team player with can-do attitude
 
Must have a Bachelor's degree or higher
 
Current or ability to obtain government clearance is preferred
 
Have Geospatial experience as well
 
To perform this job successfully, an individual must possess the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed; meet the qualifications required; and must be able to perform each essential duty and responsibility satisfactorily. Other duties, in addition to the above, may be assigned as necessary to meet business needs.
 
Harmonia has been on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest growing companies in the United States for 10 years and has been named a Virginia Chamber of Commerce Fantastic 50 company for the last two years. We are a Northern Virginia Technology Council Tech 100 company and a Great Place to Work Certified organization! Every bit of our success is the result of a team of incredibly talented, dedicated, and hard-working professionals who are the heart and soul of Harmonia!
 
At Harmonia, we are pleased to offer competitive compensation and a dynamic, productive work environment. Benefits include employer-paid medical, dental, vision, and life insurance options; gym/wellness reimbursement; 401(k) matching; 501(c)(3) donation matching; paid holidays; generous paid time off; training reimbursement; and an Employee Assistance Program.
 
Harmonia is an Equal Opportunity Employer providing equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or genetics. Harmonia does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. Reasonable accommodation will be made to enable an applicant with a disability to successfully apply for and/or perform the essential duties of the job. Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC 15 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Virginia Jobs at Harmonia Holdings Group in Virginia Software Architect salaries in Virginia Company Info Follow Get job updates from Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC Harmonia Holdings Group, LLC 18 reviews Harmonia was on the Inc. 5000 list of fastest-growing companies in the United States for 10 years in a row and has been named a Virginia ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
