
 
 
 
 ASIC Design Engineer (multiple postiions/levels) - Upton, NY 11973 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASIC Design Engineer (multiple postiions/levels) Brookhaven National Laboratory 134 reviews Upton, NY 11973 Brookhaven National Laboratory 134 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Brookhaven National Laboratory (www.bnl.gov) delivers discovery science and transformative technology to power and secure the nation’s future. Brookhaven Lab is a multidisciplinary laboratory with seven Nobel Prize-winning discoveries, 37 R&D 100 Awards, and more than 70 years of pioneering research. The Lab is primarily supported by the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Office of Science. Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA) operates and manages the Laboratory for DOE. BSA is a partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University. 
Organizational Overview 
The mission of the Instrumentation Division is to develop state-of-the-art instrumentation required for experimental research programs at Brookhaven Lab and to maintain the expertise and facilities in specialized high technology areas essential for this work. Development of facilities is motivated by present Brookhaven research programs and anticipated future directions of research. Our work has a significant impact on programs throughout the world that rely on state-of-the-art radiation detectors and readout electronics. 
Position Description 
Are you interested in putting your skills in action and thrive in a technology-driven, team environment? If yes, then BNL is where you want to be! 
We seek experienced ASIC Design Engineers to join our Instrumentation Division. We look for candidates interested in a broad range of ASIC design subjects from base-band analog, RF, digital, data converters, data transmission and sensors. You will work in a diverse, multi-disciplinary group of scientists, engineers, and other technical team members on our ASIC team. You will have an opportunity to carry out R&D and design, develop and build analog, digital, and mixed-mode application specific integrated circuits for instruments developed for BNL and our institutional partners. 
Our science and engineering challenges are complex and unique! We are engaged in the development of ASICs for particle detectors, high resolution X- and gamma-ray spectrometers, and high-rate photon counters and imagers. Our ASIC’s work is in extreme environments of cryogenic temperatures or withstanding extreme irradiation doses. Quantum Information Science, Machine Learning and Neuromorphic processing are where our R&D efforts go. The application and implementation of our hardware is within BNL and other international user facilities. Your work has the potential to shape the instruments for scientific discovery and engineering advancements across the globe! 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
As a member of the ASIC team, you will: 
Carry-out design of analog, digital or mixed-mode (i.e. analog-digital) ASICs for instruments developed by BNL’s Instrumentation Division 
Design circuit networks, using schematic entry and layout tools with full-custom or timing-driven layout tools in Cadence or similar CAD/EDA environment 
Collaborate to develop models of circuit networks and system components in hardware description languages specific for analog or digital modeling (Verilog-A and Verilog/SystemVerilog) towards synthesis with time-enclosed place and route and embedment of analog blocks into digital structures 
Perform full-custom or automated, from RTL code, physical ASIC design implementation 
Build analog or digital test-benches and carryi-out mixed analog and digital circuit simulations 
Execute physical and functional circuit and system verification 
Develop design specifications based on theoretical analyses and in conjunction with application needs 
Prepare technical documentation and carry-out test-board designs and laboratory testing 
Participate in codesigning of ASICs and sensors with Technology CAD tools, collaborating and brainstorming ideas for progression in machine learning, artificial intelligence, quantum science 
Have an opportunity of being involved in modeling and physical simulations of active circuit components and contribute to new project initiatives and develop proposals 
Position Requirements 
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
Bachelor's degree in an engineering discipline or closely related field of study 
Three or more years related work experience 
Familiarity with specificity of ASIC design processes and flows 
Familiarity with CAD/EDA tools for ASIC design and their interoperability 
Ability to work with diverse group members in a multi-user process and design managed environment and be ready to step up to challenges 
Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
Advanced degree (MSc) in an engineering, physical sciences discipline, or closely related field of study 
Ability to execute analog and/or digital ASIC design flows for performing design tasks 
Knowledge of readout integrated circuits for radiation sensors, including signal processing, signal filtering, signal conversion, data transmission, high speed electronics 
Ability of working with SKILL, Tcl/Tk, ASSURA and Calibre DRC/LVS verification decks syntax as well as operating system shell scripting or other scripting languages (e.g. Pearl, Python) 
Knowledge of front-end and back-end ASIC design elements, such as layout, physical verification, and design verification 
The selected candidate will be placed at the appropriate level based on the depth and breadth of relevant engineering knowledge, skills and experience. 
At Brookhaven National Laboratory, we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
Medical, Dental, and Vision Care Plans 
Flexible Spending Accounts 
Paid Time-off and Leave Programs (vacation, holidays, sick leave, paid parental leave) 
Lab-funded Retirement Plan 
401(k) Plan 
Flexible Work Arrangements 
Tuition Assistance, Training and Professional Development Programs 
Employee Fitness/Wellness & Recreation: Gym/Basketball Courts, Weight Room, Fitness Classes, Indoor Pool, Tennis Courts, Sports Clubs/Activities (Basketball, Ping Pong, Softball, Tennis) 
Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab.We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
 
 
BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.Please contact us to request accommodation.
 
 
 VEVRAA Federal Contractor Brookhaven National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Engineer jobs in Upton, NY Jobs at Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton, NY Design Engineer salaries in Upton, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brookhaven National Laboratory Brookhaven National Laboratory 134 reviews 
Who We Are
 
Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
