
 
 
 
 Supply Chain Transformation & Innovation Strategist - Solon, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Supply Chain Transformation & Innovation Strategist Nestle USA 1,639 reviews Solon, OH Nestle USA 1,639 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company NESTLE USA 
 Foods people love. Brands people trust. And a career that nourishes your future like no other. 
 If you're driven by the passion to do something meaningful that changes lives, Nestlé is the place for you. Nestlé USA is one of seven operating companies that make up Nestlé’s presence in the United States. We're in 97% of American homes, and as the leading food and beverage company, our goals are to continue to deliver quality food and beverage products, strengthen our local communities, and reduce our environmental and climate impact. 
 We’re determined to challenge the status quo and be better tomorrow than we are today. As individuals and teams, we embrace our entrepreneurial culture and have created a workplace where collaboration is essential, courage is rewarded, speed is expected, and agility is the norm to delight our consumers every single day. Here, you will find limitless opportunities to learn and advance your career and feel empowered to succeed in the workplace and beyond. Because our focus is not only on nourishing our customers, but also about enriching you. 
 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
Responsible for contributing toward the creation and maintenance of the Supply Chain strategy over three time horizons (1 – 3 years, 3 – 5 years and 5 – 10 years). This is accomplished through ongoing collaboration with the SC Strategy Director, SCLT and cross functional partners to develop competencies. This role will provide strategic leadership for the broader US16 organization in the below core areas: 
Digital Process Automation / Autonomous SC 
 Data Workforce of Future & Digital Capabilities AI & Predictive Capabilities Continuous Intelligence / Augmented Decision Making External Connectivity Innovation Engagement (Internal/External) 
 This role is the primary strategy partner for the Supply Chain Excellence and SC Human Resources functional teams and responsible for partnering with these teams for MBS development, vision/goal setting, and tactic development. 
 
This Expert role would lead the SC Innovation Forums with IT, IT Innovations and DAT team, manage the SC Digital Cohort, External Startup Innovation Forums, and own the digital portion of the SC Strategic Portfolio (approx.. >$40MM/year SC Digital Budget.). They are also responsible for organizing the multi-campus InnovaIT SC Expo. 
 
This role with directly collaborate with the SC Strategy Functional Innovation team members to align functional deliverables and develop needed PoC’s tied to Robotics Process Automation, Chatbots, Machine Learning, and other forms of Artificial Intelligence with the larger roadmaps. 
Other core responsibilities include prototyping and focused proof of concept efforts to accelerate results and realize long term groundbreaking initiatives. They will build and maintain strong cross functional relationships within and outside Supply Chain including strategic functional and business resources in the USA and the global teams to stay in sync with evolutions in Supply Chain and Digital Capabilities. 
 PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBLITIES: 
Strategy development. This includes defining and prioritizing new capabilities via internal meetings with SCLT, functional leaders, thought leaders, division strategy leads, DAT/IT Leadership, share groups, industry conferences, analyst meetings, etc. Harmonize direction with other functions, OpCo’s, Center-based teams, and Global Product Managers 
Lead prototyping and proof of concept efforts for long term groundbreaking initiatives using subject matter experts from functional areas and optimization teams 
 Maintain Strategic Roadmap and Risk Documentation for three time horizons (1 – 3 years, 3 – 5 years and 5 – 10 years). 
Provide Program Management support for assigned focus areas. This would be done in close coordination with the NUSA PMO, DAT, IT and NBE (if applicable) 
Contribute towards the annual MBS exercise 
 SUPERVISION RECEIVED: 
 Reports directly to Director of Supply Chain Strategy. Needs to be an independent worker. Must be able to work collaboratively within all levels of organization and across all impacted functions. 
 
 SUPERVISION GIVEN: 
Guides overall direction of all projects assigned. May indirectly supervise resources assigned to a project team. 
 Lead projects and initiatives crossing functions, divisions, and Operating Companies. 
 
 FINANCIAL/STRATEGIC IMPACT: 
 Responsible for the maintenance of the strategic Supply Chain plan. Drive total supply chain efficiencies and help manage long-term risk/opportunities within the strategic portfolio 
REQUIREMENTS AND MINIMUM EDUCATION LEVEL: 
 Masters or MBA comparable education preferred. Minimum B.A. Availability to travel up to 20% 
 EXPERIENCE: 
 10+ Years of combined Supply Chain, Innovation, Analytics, Strategy, Finance or Project Management experience Experience leading successful cross-functional project teams. Agile experience and/or Program Management experience preferred. Demonstrated history of leading innovative, agile projects. Digital Experience preferred. 
 REQUIRED SKILLS: 
 Collaboration Facilitation Analytics Project/Risk Management Problem Solving Creativity Inter-Personal / Negotiation skills 
 The Nestlé Companies are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer seeking diversity in qualified applicants for employment. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status. 
 
 #LI-CB1 Nestle 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Supply Chain Specialist jobs in Solon, OH Jobs at Nestle USA in Solon, OH Supply Chain Specialist salaries in Solon, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nestle USA Nestle USA 1,639 reviews At Nestlé, we’re doers. Our employees channel the heart and passion of entrepreneurs with the backing of the world’s largest food company... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
