
 
 
 
 Claims Experience Advocate, Liability - SoHo, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Claims Experience Advocate, Liability Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews SoHo, NY Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Soho, New York | Claims Experience | Full-time 
 
Here at Lemonade, our mission is to create a fast and hassle-free insurance experience. We’re looking to push the envelope of customer experience in a way no other insurance company has ever attempted. This means zero conflicts of interest and a customer-first mindset. If you’re an experienced claims adjuster who’s eager for something rewarding and different, this one’s for you.
 We’re on the search for a highly motivated Liability Claims Adjuster with tons of positive energy and a genuine passion for helping others. As a Claims Experience Advocate specializing in liability claims, you’ll use your investigative skills to help us settle losses quickly and efficiently, defying customer expectations along the way. 
 
Requirements 
3+ years of homeowners property liability or general liability claim-handling experience, with excellent customer focus 
Experience working with a large national carrier, ideally supporting renters and homeowners customers 
A fast learner who is tech-savvy and self-driven, with the willingness to roll up your sleeves 
The desire to work in a unique, dynamic, and fast-paced startup environment 
Surplus of empathy, patience, and positivity 
Comfortable with and adaptable to new technology and business tools 
Licensed as an adjuster in NY, CA, or FL – a plus 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in SoHo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
