
 
 
 
 New College BS Graduate: Associate Software Engineer - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search New College BS Graduate: Associate Software Engineer Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Temporarily remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  Secret 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  181816BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  06/17/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 State  MA
 Country  United States 
 Raytheon BBN Technologies, located in Cambridge, MA, is seeking qualified software developers to support research in the area of advanced logistics incorporating state of the art scheduling and simulation techniques. A successful applicant will design, develop, and build innovative solutions for the U.S. Government. We value curiosity and creative problem solving and you will be expected to initiate, with the team, improvements to the current implementation or design. You will be exposed to all aspects of software engineering as well as work-centered and cognitive systems engineering design techniques and will be applying new technologies to develop next generation capabilities for decision support systems.
 
 
 What will you need? 
Bachelors in Computer Science/Computer Engineering/Software Engineering with 0-2 years direct experience
 Strong programming skills, particularly in Java and JavaScript 
Strong graphical user interface design skills, such as experience with HTML5, CSS, canvas rendering, map rendering, and event handling 
Creative problem solving skills
 Excellent oral and written communication skills 
Additional Skills that would be AWESOME / BENEFICIAL 
Work-centered design and/or human–machine collaboration
 Experience with visualizations designed to help users understand complex data 
Experience with React and Redux frameworks 
Algorithm development 
Decision support systems 
Logistics, scheduling, military operations 
Learning, intelligent, and adaptive algorithms 
Artificial Intelligence concepts
 Technical writing and publication
 Why us?
 
Raytheon BBN is proud to offer a comprehensive total compensation package including a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, and competitive benefits package. In addition to protecting your and your family’s health and well-being, we also offer important financial and family friendly benefits to meet your needs.
 
 
Our Work/Life benefits include – Paid Parental Leave – Adoption Assistance – Auto and Home Insurance – Child/Elder Back Up Care – College Coach – Retirement Planning Services – Flexible Work Arrangements - Legal Services – LifeResources – Employee Discount Program – Educational Assistance – Transportation Benefits – and Wellness Reward 
 
 This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. 
181816
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Software Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
