
 
 
 
 Director I - Business Development - Reston, VA 20190 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director I - Business Development BAE Systems 4,124 reviews Reston, VA 20190 BAE Systems 4,124 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The C4ISRS Business Area is seeking a Director, Business Development for the Intelligence Community market. The position will be primarily located in Reston, VA, report directly to the C4ISRS Sr. Director of Business Development and will support the C4ISR Systems Product Line Directors. The role will be key in the development of near-term and long-term business strategies, execution of multiple marketing approaches and collaboration on product and technical roadmaps. This position will need to bring existing customer relationships, develop and maintain strong business relationships with key decision makers across BAE Systems Electronics Systems Sector, as well as identify and qualify business opportunities, and position BAE Systems for bidding. Specific activities includes: 
Builds, matures and executes comprehensive account plans that deliver desired customer awareness and awards. 
Develops and maintains strong customer relationships to identify customer objectives, priorities, and requirements that strategically position BAE Systems as an innovative industry leader 
Identifies and qualifies a robust pipeline of focused opportunities that align with C4ISRS business objectives 
Leads development of win strategies, customer value propositions and value delivery systems 
Develops and maintains industry relationship with large and small businesses; drive effective teaming to increase pWin 
Obtain market intelligence, competitive data, and customer buying patterns to formulate Position to Win targets 
Function as a member of the Product Area business leadership team to develop and execute growth strategies and provide counsel and recommendations for the bid/no bid gate reviews and M&A targets. 
Collaborates with BAE Systems' FAST Labs advanced technology organization on transition of differentiating capabilities 
 
 
 Required Education, Experience, & Skills
 
 Strong understanding of Intelligence Community TCPED cycle, CONOPs, and technology related gaps and opportunity
 Detailed knowledge of both the National System for GEOINT and Mission Partner ground processing elements 
Insight, influence and ability to establish relationship across Intelligence Community stakeholders particularly with acquisition organizations and key end user (e.g. product owners) stakeholders 
In depth knowledge of approaches and solutions to automate and augment analysis to include: trends in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Computer Vision 
Demonstrated success in marketing and selling modern software solutions to include but not limited to: DevSecOps; micro services; modular open system architectures; cloud native and hybrid solutions 
Demonstrated success in leading and winning contracts >$100M
 Active TS//SCI clearance
 Bachelor’s degree and 12 years experience or equivalent work experience
 Home office locations for this positon include Reston, VA; San Diego, CA, and Hudson, NH. 
 
Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills
 
 Masters degree in technical discipline 
US Military or Intel Agency Experience 
 
About BAE Systems Electronic Systems
 
BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference. Electronic Systems (ES) is the global innovator behind BAE Systems’ game-changing defense and commercial electronics. Exploiting every electron, we push the limits of what is possible, giving our customers the edge and our employees opportunities to change the world. Our products and capabilities can be found everywhere – from the depths of the ocean to the far reaches of space. At our core are more than 14,000 highly talented Electronic Systems employees with the brightest minds in the industry, we make an impact – for our customers and the communities we serve. At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues. BAE Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Business Development jobs in Reston, VA Jobs at BAE Systems in Reston, VA Director of Business Development salaries in Reston, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BAE Systems BAE Systems 4,124 reviews At BAE Systems, we provide some of the world's most advanced, technology-led defense, aerospace and security solutions. We develop, engin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
