
 
 
 
 Product Manager 2, Intuit AI - Mountain View, CA 94041 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager 2, Intuit AI Intuit 1,578 reviews Mountain View, CA 94041 Intuit 1,578 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview 
Be part of the Intuit AI+Data PM team and help create an end to end AI platform vision that will democratize AI across Intuit. At Intuit, our mission is to create an AI-driven expert platform that powers prosperity around the world. Building AI enabled financial advice, insights, predictions, forecasts, etc are core capabilities to drive our mission, solving problems with speed and automating processes for our small businesses and consumers alike. 
We’re looking for a creative problem solver with deep technical knowledge of the AI/ML space and a passion for innovation and collaboration to join the Intuit AI+Data team as a Product Manager. The product management team’s charter is to build a world class Machine Learning platform and enable durable, reusable AI services that will scale AI at Intuit. This key role will own the strategic direction, executable roadmap and measurable outcomes for building key components of the AI Services that will enable our cornerstone brands like Mint, QuickBooks and TurboTax to deliver better AI driven products. Intuit AI product team plays a foundational role in setting the vision, strategy, platform capability to build an end to end capability that will make Machine Learning accessible to everyone, focusing on delivering self-serve experiences for data scientists and ML engineers to use data, model and algorithms to create, refine, and optimize on building smart financial applications that will delight our customers. 
What you'll bring 
2-3 years of combined Machine Learning and Product Management experience. 
Experience researching AI/ML industry trends and applying to product strategy and roadmap. 
Ability to partner effectively across functions with the ability to gain shared vision on challenging decisions and priority trade-offs. 
Track record of successfully implementing and evaluating deep learning and machine learning models on real-world structured and unstructured data. 
Some combination/good understanding of theoretical and hands-on knowledge in data labeling, data mining, feature selection, dimensionality reduction, statistical techniques, regression analysis, and machine learning / deep learning algorithms, natural language processing, document and text analysis. 
Familiarity with Big Data frameworks and Domain Driven Design approaches to data as a product. 
Undergraduate degree required in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field (equivalent professional experience will be considered; advanced degree a plus 
How you will lead 
Own a key component of our AI Services portfolio, understanding the broad needs of the product development teams in the different business units, envisioning and executing the creation of a useful, repeatable, high-quality generalized ML system that can solve multiple problems in different business contexts. 
Create ML based experiences alongside our in-product teams, such as QuickBooks, Mint, TurboTax, by building and evolving the AI Services portfolio to intimately bring ML into our in-product experiences, and into our customers' hands. 
Through the understanding of ML platform capabilities and understanding of user needs, create AI enabled product experiences that will empower our business to display the smartness of AI powered decisions and predictions through their AI implementations. 
Establish and manage the roadmap for key AI services such as transaction intelligence, risk and credit scoring, classification, prediction, and cash flow forecasting, leading trade-offs among priorities, strategic bets, and other considerations. 
Establish strong partnerships with key partners across Intuit to enable durable and reusable AI powered products. 
Clearly articulate Intuit AI vision, strategies, priorities, and desired outcomes with key partners across Intuit. 
Leverage usability studies, business and product usage data, external industry trends, and metrics to create AI enabled experiences that business cannot live without. Intuit 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Product Manager jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Intuit in Mountain View, CA Senior Product Manager salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intuit Intuit 1,578 reviews Intuit is a global technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Our innovative products like TurboTax, QuickB... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
