
 
 
 
 Research Scientist AI Platforms - San Jose, CA 95101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Research Scientist AI Platforms IBM San Jose, CA 95101 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The AI Platforms department at IBM Research - Almaden has a position for a Research Staff Member working on performance, security and privacy of AI platforms. The department conducts research on novel approaches, algorithms and computational frameworks and platforms to ensure the performance, reliability, security, privacy and compliance of machine learning and analytics systems. This encompasses AI systems on datacenter, Cloud and Edge, including distributed and federated machine learning and inference. We work closely with IBM business units, bringing our ideas to market fast while maintaining a long-term research agenda. 
 
This position does research at the intersection of machine learning, security and distributed systems. Part of the initial project scope includes identifying and defending against attacks on machine learning systems, in particular poisoning attacks and work on privacy approaches to federated learning. Beyond the initial project scope we are looking for a thought leader in this space who looks to create ideas to solve problems of AI platforms and drive them all the way to products. 
 
Responsibilities: 
The ideal candidate for this role must be able to create innovative, original ideas, translate them into concepts, and execute on them in the context of our organization. This may include writing code, publishing papers, contributing to the patenting process and so forth. We also collaborate closely as a team, within our lab, our stakeholders in the company, and the external academic and technical community. Proven communication skills are essential to be successful. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Familiarity with machine learning 
Knowledge of machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Keras, SKLearn 
Familiarity with concepts of computer security on an advanced level 
Understanding of privacy techniques such as differential privacy and related algorithms 
Understanding of adversarial machine learning and AI security 
Programming skills, in particular Python 
Experience in academic publishing 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Experience in Cloud systems 
Some practical work experience in industry research or development is a plus 
Experience with the invention patenting process 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 14 days ago original job Report job Research Scientist jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at IBM in San Jose, CA Research Scientist salaries in San Jose, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
