
 
 
 
 Business Development Program Manager - Medford, MA 02155 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Program Manager Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Medford, MA 02155 Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 A Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field or commensurate industry experience. 
 Managed account relationships and initiatives, working with internal and customer stakeholders to solve problems. 
 Improved customer experience and processes for your assigned accounts 
 Experience in stakeholder management, dealing with multiple stakeholders at varied levels of the organization – subject matter experts, functional leads, departmental heads, etc. 
 Established communication skills, including the ability to write detailed proposals, reports and other documents, backed by statistical measurements. 
 Experience in analyzing data to drive decisions. 
 Managed multi-functional projects and programs. 
 
Fascinated by Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning? Eager to help scale our service for new and existing teams in Amazon? Thrilled to be part of an organization that has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI technology? If you are someone who enjoys innovating, solving hard problems and working on the cutting edge of innovation, come join the Amazon Data Services (ADS) team!
 At ADS we work with teams across Amazon to turn their unstructured data into structured ground truth data that they can use to build ML models and continue to evolve the Amazon customer experience. We are looking for an enthusiastic, results-oriented program manager to join us and help grow our business. You’ll learn a lot and apply it quickly. ADS is a continually evolving place where employee ownership and accountability lead to results. This position involves regular engagement with senior management. Cross-team coordination, project management, and communication skills are essential. This is a great place to be highly influential; driving dialog and nurturing opportunities with Amazon data science teams, product teams and ML modelers.
 Along with your talent for stakeholder management, you are a self-starter, and are comfortable with ambiguity. You are a customer advocate and are used to influencing without authority. You will enjoy developing broad and strong relationships across all parts of Amazon and find opportunities to grow our business. You will nurture and rapidly expand existing partnerships, generate new leads, demonstrate results, and play an important role in growing Amazon’s AI development capability. Come challenge yourself in our team-oriented atmosphere, and watch yourself grow with one of the world’s fastest growing technology areas.
 The Role
 You will be a member of the Externalization team within ADS, who are responsible for growing ADS’s business and delivering exemplary service to our internal customers. You will help increase the number of internal customers across Amazon who are making use of ADS’s data annotation services. You’ll commission and manage pilots for them and propose solutions to their unique requirements. This is a new and rapidly growing area for ADS, so you’ll also be spending a lot of time inventing and then re-inventing the mechanisms and artifacts that will let us scale at pace. You’ll improve the way we work, streamlining and simplifying our processes so they become more frictionless both for us and our customers.
 In addition you will help build ADS’s business development pipeline by engaging with new prospects. You’ll commission pilots for them and propose solutions to their unique requirements. You’ll also help improve the way we work, streamlining and simplifying our processes so they become more frictionless both for us and our customers.
 Teamwork and collaboration is key to our success, so your experience of working with matrixed, cross functional teams will stand you in good stead. You are able to separate what's important from what's urgent, find the best path forward from among multiple scenarios, earn the trust of stakeholders, and improve the efficiency of our organization.
 Handling the volume of data our customers need us to process is not trivial. Be under no illusions – this is a complex space. When things do go wrong (and they will), you’re happy to dive deep and get to the real detail so we can learn and benefit from our mistakes. Dealing with risks and issues is meat and drink to you. You’ll need to be a confident communicator, both spoken and written; we thrive on the written word! You can create and present clear, concise and actionable documents, whether working with customers, or providing updates to business leadership. Your communications skills also help create wide bridges between us and our customers, so that we avoid silos and work in partnership to deliver the best results.
 Amazon’s customers are an obsession for us, and they will be for you. We take their privacy and data security as our overriding priority. This will be evident from the moment you walk through the door.
 We pride ourselves on our agility; market conditions change quickly and that means that dealing with urgent, last-minute requests is the rule rather than the exception! You will be prepared for the unexpected and will be used to adapting your plans to handle it.
 Above all, you’ll deliver results in a fast paced, exciting environment!
 
Leadership and Cultural Responsibilities
 1. Maintain a strong commitment to our leadership principles.
 2. Contribute to an environment of inclusion, trust and mutual respect.
 3. Seek growth and learning opportunities.
 4. Demonstrate personal accountability, leadership and integrity.
 
 
 Masters or other advanced degree. 
 Experience in working with Operations 
 Project Management accreditation 
 Experience or qualification in an associated field: Machine Learning, AI, Computer Vision, Image / Speech Recognition, NLU, etc. 
 Strong problem solving and organizational skills. 
 Worked under tight timelines with minimal supervision. 
 A hands-on, “roll up your sleeves” mindset, with a strong personality and ability to be a driver and change agent in an organization. 
 Experience in working in ambiguous spaces; working out what is needed and being able to chart a path forward. 
 Delivered results in a fast-paced and complex work environment. 
 
 Amazon.com 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in Medford, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Medford, MA Business Development Manager salaries in Medford, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
