
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Beaverton, OR 97006 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Driveway Finance Corporation Beaverton, OR 97006 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Dealership:
 L0238 Driveway Finance Corporation
 Lithia Motors
 “Welcome home to Driveway – where you make the rules.”
 We believe in the need to deliver to a customer what they want, the way that they want it and we are looking for team members to help make that a reality. Lithia's Digital Innovation Lab (Located in Portland) — the Engineering, Product, and Design teams behind Driveway.com are working towards establishing a digital national B2C brand and developing breakthrough new ways to leverage digital technology within the automotive industry.
 Driveway is the only online car retailer that puts you in complete control. Whether you’re buying a car, selling your car or getting service—you can make it all happen from the palm of your hand, at Driveway.com .
 We are car buying, selling and service for the modern age with zero haggling, delivery for all car purchases, inventory from around the country and a generous 7-day guarantee that puts you squarely in the driver’s seat.
 Lithia Motors, Inc. (NYSE: LAD) is one of the largest personal transportation solutions in the United States and is among the fastest-growing companies in the Fortune 500 (#265 in 2019). Headquartered in Medford, Oregon, Lithia is the third-largest automotive retailer with 190 dealerships and $12+BN in annual revenue.
 Data Scientist
 Responsibilities:
 Develop predictive scoring models, segmentation schemas, underwriting rules and model validations.
 Plan and execute predictive modelling and analytics projects.
 Analyze credit performance by product features such as loan amounts, channel, and term.
 Develop analytical insights into income, payment-to-income, and income verification tools.
 Develop metrics and KPI’s for reporting across the loan lifecycle.
 Formulate credit policy based on analytical insights.
 Document data sources, data definitions, strategies, models and policies.
 Evaluate 3rd party vendors data and score product for sources of predictive attributes.
 Assist with implementation and testing of underwriting strategies in credit decision engine
 Understands and adopts emerging technology that can affect the application of scientific methodologies and/or quantitative analytical approaches to problem resolutions.
 Develop and collaborate to build artificial intelligence /machine learning-based next best action recommendation systems for financial risk and digital campaign targeting using predictive analytics
 Collect and manipulate data to create risk management reports, explore reasons for high or low performance, and conduct other ad hoc analysis as needed
 Qualifications:
 A master's degree or higher in a quantitative field such as Financial Mathematics, Business Analytics, Financial Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or Data Science
 Strong data querying skills using SQL, hands-on data analysis experience using SAS or Python or R
 Strong predictive data modeling experience is required with proven application in applying Decision Trees, Regression analysis, and other data mining techniques
 Good Knowledge and understanding of P&L for Consumer Lending product like Auto Loan, Personal Loan, Credit Card
 1+ years of Analytics, Modeling, Financial Analysis, Reporting Experience preferred
 Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal communication skills and written documentation skills
 Solid understanding in data analysis and statistical modeling concept / framework / algorithm
 We offer best in class industry benefits:
 Competitive pay
 Medical, Dental and Vision Plans
 Paid Holidays & PTO
 Short and Long-Term Disability
 Paid Life Insurance
 401(k) Retirement Plan
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Lithia Learning Center
 Vehicle Purchase Discounts
 Wellness Programs
 High School graduate or equivalent, 18 years or older required. Acceptable driving record and a valid driver's license in your state of residence necessary for select roles. We are a drug free workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity (regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status). We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Lithia Motors, Inc. 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Beaverton, OR Jobs at Driveway Finance Corporation in Beaverton, OR Data Scientist salaries in Beaverton, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Driveway Finance Corporation Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
