
 
 
 
 Manager Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence - Chicago, IL 60611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Manager Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence Northwestern Memorial Healthcare Chicago, IL 60611 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
At Northwestern Medicine, every patient interaction makes a difference in cultivating a positive workplace. This patient-first approach is what sets us apart as a leader in the healthcare industry. As an integral part of our team, you'll have the opportunity to join our quest for better healthcare, no matter where you work within the Northwestern Medicine system. At Northwestern Medicine, we pride ourselves on providing competitive benefits: from tuition reimbursement and loan forgiveness to 401(k) matching and lifecycle benefits, we take care of our employees. Ready to join our quest for better? 
 
 Job Description 
The  ML/AI Manager, Information Services  reflects the mission, vision, and values of NM, adheres to the organization’s Code of Ethics and Corporate Compliance Program, and complies with all relevant policies, procedures, guidelines and all other regulatory and accreditation standards. 
The ML/AI Manager, Information Services is responsible for helping envision and execute on a strategy and product roadmap that promotes AI capabilities at NM. The individual will be responsible for the planning, design, implementation and maintenance of tools for curation and manipulation of datasets as well as data analysis and standards for algorithm design. The team will use their broad knowledge of applied mathematics and statistics to create new algorithms to interpret, manipulate, and derive actionable insights of highly multimodal clinical and operational data and mentor others in algorithm creation. 
The ML/AI Manager, Information Services is responsible for hiring, coaching, performance management and salary administration for data scientists and engineers. The position will manage resources to achieve NMHC goals, plan and organize workloads and staff assignments, train, motivate, and evaluate assigned staff and review progress. The position will work with internal management to achieve project and support objectives, and collaborate with strategic vendor partners to achieve the most effective solutions for highly integrated and high performing solutions. Additionally, this manager is responsible for policy and procedure compliance - including education and reporting on IT General Controls and monitoring of departmental metrics. 
The individual in this position manages short and long term projects to improve IS systems and operations. The Manager works with various teams throughout the organization to review current systems and processes, assess shortcomings, analyze options for improvement, and implement solutions. The Manager oversees multiple projects of varying size and scope simultaneously. This role requires a self-motivated person who acts as a change agent, adapts quickly to new technologies and interacts effectively in a team environment. 
Responsibilities: 
Direct and/or manage all project, process, resource and support activities as related to supported applications 
Prioritize and drive projects creating and maintaining base AI/ML toolset 
Deeply iterative, collaborative design and development of algorithms directly with end users in patient care and healthcare operations 
Measurement of mathematical/statistical and compute/throughput performance of algorithms 
Dissemination and training of algorithms 
Maintenance and support of existing algorithms including monitoring for degraded performance and adversarial attacks 
Monitor, measure and report customer service levels against agreed upon performance standards 
Demonstrate functional insight into industry and business process domains 
Demonstrate the ability to “get things done”, effectively direct the execution of the projects to support the achievement of successful, on-time and on-budget delivery of IT commitments. 
Manage resource agility/versatility for all direct reports and assist with progression of employee career paths 
Manage vendor relationships, contracts and contract management policies for cost-effectiveness, negotiate licensing agreements, plan for major software/infrastructure upgrades, and ensure that service management processes are used. 
Demonstrate the ability to deal with the changing environment and to lead/facilitate and manage change efficiently and effectively where appropriate 
Manage operating and capital budgets to meet NMHC budget goals 
Unquestionable integrity, credibility and character and demonstrated high moral, ethical behavior 
Additional Functions: 
Host site visits and effective tell the “NM Story”. 
Present at industry conferences as needed. 
Represent NM at local user groups and symposiums. 
 
 Qualifications 
Required : 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, statistics/mathematics, or a related field 
Experience with multimodal unstructured data (2D images, video, 3D/4D tomographic imagery, waveforms) 
Experience with multimodal structured data (SQL, NoSQL, legacy formats) 
Experience with “traditional” machine learning and data manipulation methods: orthonormal decompositions (i.e. Fourier, Wavelet, etc.) of data, time-series manipulations, sparse data manipulation, bayesian analysis 
Experience with “modern” machine learning methods: gradient boosted trees, deep neural networks and their frameworks (Tensorflow, Pytorch, JAX), bayesian neural networks (TF Probability, Numpyro, Neural Tangents) 
Optimization methods: gradient descent, Monte Carlo, and others 
Demonstrated project management skills. 
Demonstrated process improvement skills. 
Demonstrated budget management skills. 
Demonstrated ability to effectively establish and maintain working relationships with peers and constituents at all levels of the organization. 
Demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills. 
Excellent team building skills and experience partnering with cross-functional teams of engineers, data scientists, and analysts to deliver products 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Outstanding coordination, facilitation, consultation, and conflict resolution skills 
Management experience with complex, cross-organizational systems 
Preferred : 
 5 or more years’ experience in Information Services management or project management 
Healthcare technology background 
Masters degree in related field 
Additional Information 
Northwestern Medicine is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of age, sex, race, color, religion, national origin, gender identity, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation or any other protected status. Northwestern Memorial HealthCare 8 days ago original job Report job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Northwestern Memorial Healthcare in Chicago, IL Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Chicago, IL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
