
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Chantilly, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer SRC, Inc. 53 reviews Chantilly, VA SRC, Inc. 53 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description SRC, Inc is currently seeking an entry-level engineer to work in the machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) domains in our Chantilly office.
 
 
The rapid advancement of deep learning continues to enable new innovative applications, solutions, and capabilities for our products and programs, including ground and airborne radar systems, electronic warfare (EW) systems, optical sensors, and more. The selected candidate will have the opportunity to develop and field solutions using deep learning and other machine learning models on state-of-the-art hardware to solve a variety of challenges of national significance. 
Responsibilities 
Apply machine learning models, tools, and techniques to imagery, video, signals, and other data products 
Perform data collection and run simulations to create, curate, and label machine learning data sets 
Develop visualizations, demonstrations, and presentations for customers 
Develop applications to deploy machine learning algorithms on various types of hardware (embedded systems, high performance systems, cloud-based systems…) 
Travel to technical conferences and various test sites in the US 
Stay up-to-date on state-of-the-art ML techniques and technologies 
 
Requirements 
 
Bachelor's degree in computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, math, or physics with zero to three (0-3) years of experience, with a minimum grade point average of 3.0 
Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills 
Technical proficiency in MATLAB and/or Python 
 Preferred Requirements 
Coursework in computer vision, machine learning, or neural networks 
Familiar with signal processing algorithms, techniques, and related technologies 
Defense industry experience 
Currently holding a secret or higher security clearance 
Technical proficiency in C++ 
 Location  Chantilly, Virginia
 Employment Type  Full-Time Salaried
 Experience Required  0-1 Year
 Education Required  Bachelors Degree
 Security Clearance Requirement  Must meet eligibility requirements
 Travel %  10 SRC, Inc. 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Chantilly, VA Jobs at SRC in Chantilly, VA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Chantilly, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SRC, Inc. SRC, Inc. 53 reviews SRC, Inc., a not-for-profit research and development company, combines information, science, technology and ingenuity to solve “impossibl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
