
 
 
 
 RPA Developer- Consultant - Washington, DC 20036 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RPA Developer- Consultant Guidehouse 371 reviews Washington, DC 20036 Guidehouse 371 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Guidehouse is a leading management consulting firm serving the public and commercial markets. We guide our clients forward towards new futures that build trust in society and your professional skills along the journey. Join us at Guidehouse. 
Responsibilities:
 
 As part of Guidehouse’s Advanced Data Analytics team, you will work on high-impact and high-visibility projects, helping to shape not only Guidehouse’s current business, but its long-term strategy. 
Build the future of Intelligent Automation as part of the Artificial Intelligence and Robotic Process Automation Center of Excellence (CoE). The CoE is a unique team within Guidehouse, focusing on solving our client’s most critical challenges using Advanced Analytics, AI/ML, and RPA. The CoE works on a wide variety of projects; from helping clients get started on their automation journey, to implementing and scaling full grown RPA programs, to combining advanced technologies such as AI and machine learning with RPA to create cognitive automations that are able to complete tasks that would not be possible for RPA alone. 
As an RPA (Robotic Process Automation) developer, you’ll be a critical member of a growing team with great opportunities to learn and advance your career. You will support internal and external customers, engaging at a high-level with other consulting professionals and clients. You’ll be responsible for all aspects of implementing automation solutions from requirements gathering and process documentation to developing, testing, and deploying solutions. 
 
Qualifications:
 
Minimum Years of Experience:  1-3 
Minimum Education:  College degree in a scientific, technical, or quantitative field 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Knowledge Required: 
Experience in areas related to process automation: 
Software development skills utilizing R, Python, .Net or other languages including VBA; 
Automation techniques using macros and/or workflow-based software; 
Business skills and experience in IT, accounting, finance or operations; 
Strong written and verbal communication. 
Skills Required: 
Demonstrates thorough skills and/or proven success in a role participating in projects including the following: 
Effective communication to various audiences (including various levels of management and external clients) in a professional environment; 
Strong organization and self-management skills, willing to take initiative and follow through; 
Ability to handle multiple tasks and responsibilities; 
Mentoring and leading junior staff members, providing technical training; 
Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor; 
Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; Ability to work effectively with a variety of skill sets to tackle complex challenges; 
Knowledge Preferred: 
Experience with UiPath, Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere or other commercial automation tool; 
Experience with Agile project delivery methods, tools and concepts; 
Human capital analytics, financial management, or advanced data visualizations; 
Business analysis, system design, business process re-engineering, and change management. 
Experience Preferred: 
Business process analysis and optimization; 
Gathering requirements and process mapping; 
Selecting and applying the appropriate automation or software tool for a given customer requirement. 
Additional Requirements:
 
The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described. 
Disclaimer:
 
About Guidehouse 
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation. 
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco. 
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at  1-571-633-1711  or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation. 
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. 
Rewards and Benefits 
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. 
Benefits include: 
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance 
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays 
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance 
401(k) Retirement Plan 
Basic Life & Supplemental Life 
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts 
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability 
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities 
Skills Development & Certifications 
Employee Referral Program 
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach 
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program 
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive Guidehouse 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer Consultant jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Guidehouse in Washington, DC Developer Consultant salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Guidehouse Guidehouse 371 reviews Guidehouse is a leading provider of management, technology, and risk consulting services to the public and commercial sectors. We help ou... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
