
 
 
 
 Software Developer 3 - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer 3 Oracle 6,322 reviews United States Oracle 6,322 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As a runtime systems platform engineer, applicants will be expected to act as innovation-driver in the team and beyond, leveraging Oracle’s next-generation technologies to design and develop the high density, high performant PaaS platform for Oracle Integration Cloud. Individuals will have the possibility to engage and develop in areas including Cloud-Native development, Kubernetes, Microservices, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning.
 
 Description of the Role:  Actual job responsibilities/tasks
 
Design, develop performant Java and NodeJS based microservices for OIC (Oracle Integration Cloud) capabilities.
 
Develop cloud-native applications that adhere to microservices and twelve-factor application principles.
 
API first design with openapi, swagger, apiary and, Test-driven development using Jenkin
 
Code with Java, RESTful API, micro-services, Python, using Docker, and Kubernetes
 
Evaluate detailed technical application designs and serves as a subject matter expert for development teams in optimizing applications to take advantage of Oracle public cloud services.
 
Develop reusable solutions, to assist and accelerate the creation of applications for the public cloud.
 
Share, evangelize, and practice cloud development best practices and culture with development teams.
 
Document, partner, and share templates, techniques, and artifacts with other development teams
 Innovation starts with inclusion at Oracle. We are committed to creating a workplace where all kinds of people can be themselves and do their best work. It’s when everyone’s voice is heard and valued, that we are inspired to go beyond what’s been done before. That’s why we need people with diverse backgrounds, beliefs, and abilities to help us create the future, and are proud to be an affirmative-action equal opportunity employer.
 
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Oracle will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records pursuant to applicable law. Oracle 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in United States Jobs at Oracle in United States Software Engineer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oracle Oracle 6,322 reviews Oracle is the world’s leading provider of business software. But you probably already knew that. With a presence in over 175 countries, w... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
