
 
 
 
 Project Manager - Las Colinas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Manager Microsoft 7,140 reviews Las Colinas, TX Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Growth mindset encourages each of us to lean in and learn what matters most to our customers, to create the foundational knowledge that enables us to make customer-first decisions in everything we do. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission. 
Microsoft Federal
 Microsoft Federal delivers a single unified organization centered around our customer:  All critical customer functions are brought under the same organizational umbrella. Bringing together the breadth and depth in our space with a razor sharp focus on serving the U.S. Government. Our federal customers’ expectations of how to contract, interact, and partner with us are changing, and they need to evolve at the pace of the private sector. Launching a nimble, empowered organization with comprehensive resources allows us to work hand in hand with our customers to accelerate their technology innovation, whether through R&D or through direct contracting. 
Microsoft Federal serves the U.S. Government (USG), allowing Microsoft to support the growing government business. The organization supports the capabilities and requirements to service USG through direct sales, contracting, and billing with the USG. Microsoft Federal entity will meet obligations of manage contracts with the USG through six business teams and three enablement teams. 
We are committed to  empowering our teams , building upon our strategic investments, and delivering the technology to achieve federal missions. As our federal customers pursue their work, from defending the nation, to serving its citizens in challenging times, they look to Microsoft to help them innovate, and they expect end-to-end engagement tailored to their needs. 
Microsoft has been committed to and continues to heavily invest in supporting our Federal Government. Microsoft Federal offers our full spectrum of products and services, including hardware, software, online products, and consulting and services. 
Join us and be one who helps to empower the US government!  That’s incredible  reach . When you combine that with your own  inspiration , plus the  freedom  and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge  impact. 
Part leader, part mentor, and part consultant, our team of Project Managers comprises an unusual mix of project management and consulting skills, along with a passion for technology. We are responsible for keeping the project team working on the highest priority tasks, removing risks and impediments, and leading the communication with the end customer. 
In this role, you will be a member or the Program Management Office (PMO) and responsible for providing support in the areas of project financials, resourcing, status reporting, invoicing, forecasting, subcontractor management, purchase order management and procurement. You must have the ability to foster relationships with project teams, demonstrate value through service delivery, and improve service levels for our customer, all within the constraints of schedule, budget, and resources. 
 Responsibilities 
You will have the responsibility of providing support for overall delivery and execution of the project working across multiple business teams and partners on a large complex program. You will work in tandem with project managers specializing in different solution areas (Azure Cloud and Artificial Intelligence, Modern Work, and Business Applications). Areas of responsibility include: 
 Financial management of MCS and subcontractor planned hours, actuals, estimate to complete, estimate at completion, overall cost, revenue, budget, and management of financial variance.
 Coordinate with Operations team to validate accuracy of monthly invoices. Prepare backup documentation for T&M Labor, Materials and Other Direct Costs (ODC) invoices.
 Responsible for weekly client financial status report updates and ad hoc reporting requests from the cost team. Develop and maintain the contract budget baseline for Prime and teaming partners contracts. Responsible for subcontractor accruals, labor forecast, materials cost tracking and purchase order management. Manage onboarding and offboarding of teaming partner resources Assist with tracking Bill of Materials (BOM) change requests Collaborate with internal and external partners on key process improvement activities for project financials Assist with tracking and updating milestones on the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS)
 Support Risk Management processes and ensure all potential risks and issues are properly communicated and mitigated. Develop status reports to stakeholders and update internal tools with project status details. 
Qualifications 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Citizenship Verification: The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen. Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. 
Cloud Screening: Candidates must be able to successfully complete and pass a Microsoft Cloud background screening. Required Cloud Screenings will be administered on a recurring bi-annual basis. 
Skills Customer obsessed with strong communication and problem-solving skills Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to interact at all levels, including executive-level Develops and maintains good working relationships with others; recognizes different values and styles, and respects others' unique characteristics or strengths. Action-oriented, strong understanding of and ability to articulate customer’s sense of urgency Acts confidently in uncertain circumstances; works effectively in ambiguous situations 
Required
 
 At least 1 year of project coordination or management experience including financial management, planning, scheduling, reporting, resource management, communications, risk management, dependencies, scope, time, quality, and budget At least 3 years of financial management and operations experience Ability to think strategically, work effectively in ambiguous situations and respond favorably to change, execute effectively, work under deadline pressure and manage multiple projects Strong verbal and written communication skills, with a strong history of building effective interpersonal relationships Ability to work with diverse cultures and customers Passion for technology: experience in either Microsoft infrastructure, Microsoft Cloud, Microsoft Security, Office365, or Microsoft Productivity solution implementations is a plus 
Preferred 
 PMP or CAPM Certification (preferred) or willingness to complete within your first year Knowledge of Agile and Waterfall delivery methodologies Familiarity with government financial systems and reporting requirements 
US Citizenship: 
The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen. Citizenship Verification: This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet federal government security requirements. 
Cloud Screening: Candidates must be able to successfully complete and pass a Microsoft Cloud background screening. Required Cloud Screenings will be administered on a recurring bi-annual basis. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Project Manager jobs in Las Colinas, TX Jobs at Microsoft in Las Colinas, TX Project Manager salaries in Las Colinas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
