
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Birmingham, AL 35298 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Data Scientist Southern Company Birmingham, AL 35298 Data Scientist 
 Description 
 This position is responsible for creating, enhancing, and deploying predictive models and analytics to inform growth decisions and strategies across APC’s Marketing, Development, and Customer Services organizations. Further, this position will support the organization’s access to, understanding of, and engagement with internal and external data sources and systems. 
 MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 This position is responsible for creating, enhancing, and deploying predictive models and analytics to inform growth decisions and strategies across APC’s Marketing, Development, and Customer Services organizations. Further, this position will support the organization’s access to, understanding of, and engagement with internal and external data sources and systems. 
 
Convey data driven insights for growth decisions and strategies across the residential, commercial, industrial, and unregulated classes. 
 
Analyze internal and external data (both structured and unstructured) to shape a deeper understanding of our customers. 
 
Target growth sectors and opportunities through advanced, repeatable, and deployable predictive models. 
 
Manage multiple, concurrent projects with competing deadlines. 
 
Manage and improve existing data sets and analytical tools. 
 
Supporting the organization’s access to, understanding of, and engagement with internal and external data sources and systems. 
 
Ensure the integrity of data being used through cleansing and data wrangling. 
 
Discover and recommend new data sources to complement existing data. 
 
Ensure that teams know what data is available to them. 
 
Create tools based on internal and external data so that other teams can leverage it within their roles. 
 
 Candidates with the following preferred qualifications are encouraged to apply: 
 Education 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Analytics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, MIS, Computer Science, or a related analytical field is required. 
 
Master’s Degree, Ph.D., or progress toward Masters/Ph.D. in an analytical field is preferred. 
 
 Experience 
 Advanced predictive modeling experience using both supervised and unsupervised modeling techniques. 
 
Programming proficiency in SAS, Python, R, and/or SQL. 
 
Visualization of results in Power BI, Tableau, or another comparable tool. 
 
Data integration and ETL experience. 
 
Familiarity with SAS Viya is a plus. 
 
Familiarity with big data platforms such as Hadoop, Azure, or Amazon S3 a plus. 
 
Familiarity with Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and production level model deployment a plus. 
 
 Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills. 
 
Sound judgment skills to understand priority projects and their impact to the organization’s goals. 
 
Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a team environment.
 Knowledge of utility industry, data, systems, and procedures is a plus. 
 
Ability to effectively communicate (written and orally) complex statistical concepts, analysis, data, and recommendations.
 Ability to take full ownership of projects with limited supervision or direction. 
 
Passion for data science and process improvement. 
 
 Alabama Power  provides the valuable combination of competitive prices, reliable electricity supply and unparalleled service to 1.4 million homes, businesses and industries in the southern two-thirds of Alabama. 
 Southern Company  (NYSE: SO) is America's premier energy company, with  46,000 megawatts  of generating capacity and 1,500 billion cubic feet of combined natural gas consumption and throughput volume serving  9 million customers through its subsidiaries  . The company provides clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy through  electric operating companies in four states, natural gas distribution companies in seven states, a competitive generation company serving wholesale customers across America and a nationally recognized provider of customized energy solutions, as well as fiber optics and wireless communications  . Southern Company brands are known for excellent customer service, high reliability and affordable prices that are below the national average. Through an industry-leading commitment to innovation, Southern Company and its subsidiaries are inventing America's energy future by developing the full portfolio of energy resources, including carbon-free nuclear, 21st century coal, natural gas, renewables and energy efficiency, and creating new products and services for the benefit of customers. Southern Company has been named by the U.S. Department of Defense and G.I. Jobs magazine as a top military employer, recognized among the Top 50 Companies for Diversity by DiversityInc, listed by Black Enterprise magazine as one of the 40 Best Companies for Diversity and designated a Top Employer for Hispanics by Hispanic Network. The company has earned a National Award of Nuclear Science and History from the National Atomic Museum Foundation for its leadership and commitment to nuclear development and is continually ranked among the top energy companies in Fortune's annual World's Most Admired Electric and Gas Utility rankings. Visit our website at www.southerncompany.com. 
 Southern Company is an equal opportunity employer where an applicant's qualifications are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other basis prohibited by law. 
 Job Field:  Information Technology 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Primary Location:  Alabama-Metro Birmingham/Eastern AL-Birmingham 
 Operating Company:  Alabama Power Company 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Travel (Up to...):  Yes, 25 % of the Time 
 Work Location(s): 
 APC Corporate Headquarters - 600 North 18th Street (600BIRMINGHAM) 
 600 North 18th Street 
 Birmingham, 35203 
 Req ID:  APC2006556 Southern Company 16 days ago original job Report job Data Scientist jobs in Birmingham, AL Jobs at Southern Company in Birmingham, AL Data Scientist salaries in Birmingham, AL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
