
 
 
 
 Data Engineer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer Whiterabbit.ai 3 reviews Santa Clara, CA Whiterabbit.ai 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are: 
Our mission at Whiterabbit.ai is to save lives and eliminate suffering through the early detection of cancer with artificial intelligence. We collaborate closely with one of the top medical schools in the country and have exclusive access to one of the world’s largest cancer datasets with millions of images. We invent algorithms that make doctors more productive, more accurate, and more capable. We build products and services with a relentless focus on transforming the patient’s healthcare experience. 
Responsibilities: Extract data from standard PACS servers. Standardize, organize, normalize and augment data acquired from multiple sources. Extract data from databases and join it with image data acquired from the PACS servers. Extract non-standard data from multiple source using non-standard methods (i.e. write selenium robots). Write and maintain applications for automating data acquisition and processing. Help run studies on the existing data to reports stats. De-identify data sets for specific purposes. Generate standard datasets for specific purposes. 
Generate non-standard datasets for specific purposes. 
Must Have Experience: Python and object-oriented programming SQL and Database knowledge Amazon S3 Shell 
Nice to Have Experience: DICOM Javascript Docker whiterabbit.ai 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Whiterabbit.ai in Santa Clara, CA Data Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Whiterabbit.ai 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
