
 
 
 
 Veterans Entrepreneurship Coordinator - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Veterans Entrepreneurship Coordinator AmeriCorps 2,820 reviews Atlanta, GA AmeriCorps 2,820 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Veterans Entrepreneurship Coordinator 
 
 
 
 1. Establish a database of resources and services that support entrepreneurs 2. Establish communications, email and or text with veterans, transitioning military and their families., 3. Provide support for veterans, transitioning military and their families in getting access to entrepreneur resources and services. and 4. Coordinate networking activities Identify innovation training opportunities and vocational rehabilitation services to ensure a talented workforce for startup companies ran by veteran, transitioning military and their families 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Member Duties :  1. Establish a database of workforce training programs that can be leveraged by startups. 2. Explore vocational rehabilitation services and how they can be used to support startups, 3. Coordinate support for getting startups trained on how to leverage innovation technologies including artificial intelligence, robotics, data science, virtual reality and the Internet of Things, and 4. Coordinate and provide data for support startups in leveraging workforce training programs.
 
 
 Program Benefits :  Living Allowance , Choice of Education Award or End of Service Stipend , Childcare assistance if eligible , Relocation Allowance , Training , Health Coverage* . 
 
 
 
 For details about AmeriCorps VISTA healthcare benefits, please visit  http://www.vistacampus.gov/healthcare
 
 
 Terms : 
 
Car recommended , Permits working at another job during off hours , Permits attendance at school during off hours .
 
 
 Service Areas : 
 
Veterans , Community Outreach , Environment , Homelessness , Entrepreneur/Business , Technology .
 
 
 Skills : 
 
Counseling , Veterans , Community Organization , Computers/Technology . 
 
 
 
 SUMMARY 
 
 Program Type: 
 
 AmeriCorps VISTA 
 
 
 Program 
 
 Veterans Entrepreneurship Coordinator 
 
 
 Program Start/End Date 
 
 07/04/2020 - 07/03/2121 
 
 
 Work Schedule   Full Time 
 
 
 Education level 
 Some college 
 
 
 Age Requirement 
 
 Minimum: 18 Maximum: None 
 
 
 Program Locations   FLORIDA Atlanta 
 
 
 Languages 
 English 
 
 
 Accepting Applications 
 
 From 05/04/2020 To 07/03/2021 
 
 
 Contact   Joseph Herring 
 
 1603 N 58th Ave 
 
 Pensacola FL 32506
 
 8503463996 
 
 josephherring.gcvac@gmail.com 
 
 gcvacflalms.org 
 
 
 
 
 Listing ID  94565 AmeriCorps 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Coordinator jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at AmeriCorps in Atlanta, GA Coordinator salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AmeriCorps AmeriCorps 2,820 reviews A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family wi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
