
 
 
 
 Sr Dir Product Management - San Jose, CA 95134 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Dir Product Management Rambus 30 reviews San Jose, CA 95134 Rambus 30 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Rambus, a premier Chip and silicon IP provider, is seeking to hire an exceptional Product Manager to join our Chip marketing and strategy team in San Jose, California. Excellent, qualified candidates from other areas will also be considered. Candidates will be joining some of the brightest inventors and engineers in the world to develop products that make data faster and safer. 
As a Director of Product Management, the candidate will be reporting to the Vice President and is a Full-Time position. This individual will be responsible for growing the BU’s revenue, expanding our market footprint, and driving the new high-speed Serial data interface and memory interface product management and development activities. The Product Manager must have a great understanding of the challenges in scaling datacenter and server memory bandwidth and capacity, while minimizing total cost of ownership (TCO), and be able to synthesize information, formulate insights, and innovate to conceive of great product opportunities. 
Working closely with the rest of the marketing team, engineering team, operations, program management, customers, and sales, the individual will assess market opportunities and understand market requirements, define product requirements, develop product roadmaps, create winning strategies and go-to-market plans and material, establish segmentation and pricing plans, provide sales training, and generally guide the product through its entire life cycle. 
The role requires a leader with strong communication and presentation skills, existing customer relationships and the ability to create and foster new ones, market analysis experience, and business and negotiation skills. The ideal candidate possesses a unique blend of business and technical savvy; a big-picture execution vision; and the drive, influencing skills and ability to collaborate to transform that vision into a reality. 
Responsibilities:
 
The Director of Product Management will be responsible for growing the market share of existing products in our portfolio as well as defining and launching new, synergistic product developments that will lead to sustainable and significant growth over the next 3-5 years in the chip business. The individual will be responsible for product management from concept to high-volume ramp and own the go-to-market strategy and delivery of revenue and margin commitments made as part of the NPI process. 
Develop approaches, strategies, and action plans to grow market share with buy-in from sales team 
Work hand-in-hand with sales to manage customers including hyperscaler, enterprise datacenter, memory and CPU suppliers, and system OEM accounts. 
Visit direct and indirect customers and forge collaborations and partnerships 
Define marketing requirements (in MRD) for new areas we wish to enter 
Define products that meet these market requirements, solicit feedback from customers to refine, fully document requirements in PRD, and launch into NPI process 
Work with industry ecosystem and applicable standard bodies so customers are positioned to adopt solutions, which bring them value 
Fulfill the product management role for new products launched in NPI process and own market models, financial forecasts, competitive landscape, market segmentation, pricing strategy, sampling requirements and approval, alpha customer launches, and market-driven schedules. 
Work closely with engineering teams and chip lead to oversee product development from inception to product delivery. 
Partner and collaborate with marketing teams to drive the product launch and outbound marketing promotional activities. 
Work tightly with operations to ensure timely delivery of samples, qualification units, reports, and all other items needed to get into high-volume production 
Monitor industry dynamics, competition, and customer trends to develop long-term and short-term product forecasts to help manage optimal supply of products 
Qualifications:
 Must have a strong background in datacenter and server chip products, especially with respect to the high-speed serial IO, memory and storage subsystems.
 Direct experience with high-speed serial interfaces like PCIE, CXL and related PHY, protocols, controllers is highly desired.
 Experience with memory sub-systems including DDR4, Flash, Cache, server memory DIMMs ecosystem and related Memory Controller technical expertise is a huge plus. 
Track record of growing product revenue and expanding market share of product lines through effective go-to-market plans and creative product marketing. 
Experience operating effectively in the product management role in cross-site, cross-functional, and multinational teams. 
Ability to resolve technical issues with customers by working with design, production, and application engineers. 
Hands-on experience in collecting customer needs and synthesizing feedback, understanding market requirements and capturing in Marketing Requirements Documents, defining products meeting the market needs and defining the specific product requirements in PRD, working seamlessly with the engineering organization, taking the product to market and capturing significant market share. 
At least 15 years of experience in the semiconductor industry with focus on servers and/or memory products 
At least 5 years’ experience in product management and successfully bringing products to the marketplace 
BSEE or similar technical degree required, MS preferred. 
Excellent listening, oral and written communication/presentation skills with strong ability to influence people at all levels and in various functions. 
Strong awareness of technology trends and their potential influence on Rambus’ business. 
Strong teaming skills and experience to bring together diverse views. 
Strong negotiation skills. 
Decisive! 
- 
About Rambus 
With 30 years of innovation and semiconductor expertise, Rambus leads the industry with products and solutions speed performance, expand capacity and improve security for today's most demanding applications. From data center and edge to artificial intelligence and automotive, our interface and security IP, and memory interface chips enable SoC and system designers to deliver their vision of the future. 
Rambus offers a competitive compensation package including base salary, bonus, equity, matching 401(k), employee stock purchase plan, comprehensive medical and dental benefits, time-off program and gym membership. 
Rambus is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
Rambus is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may let us know in the application. 
For more information about Rambus, visit rambus.com. For additional information on life at Rambus and our current openings, check out rambus.com/careers/. Rambus 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director of Product Management jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Rambus in San Jose, CA Senior Director of Product Management salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rambus Rambus 30 reviews Rambus is the innovative technology solutions company that brings invention to market. Unleashing the intellectual power of our world-cla... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
