
 
 
 
 Senior Verification Engineer - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Verification Engineer NVIDIA 238 reviews Austin, TX NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We  are  now  looking  for  a  Senior  ASIC  Verification  Engineer:
 NVIDIA is seeking an outstanding engineer to verify the design and implementation of the world’s leading GPU's, for deep learning, gaming, HPC and supercomputing. This position offers the opportunity to have a real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have crafted a team of outstanding people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing.
 What you’ll be doing:
 In this position, you will be working on verifying ASIC designs using advanced verification methodologies to ensure design correctness and performance.
 Depending on the stage of the project, the job could involve test-planning, test-bench architecture, test-bench coding, debugging among others.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor's or Master’s degree or equivalent experience.
 3+ years of relevant work experience.
 Proficiency in verification languages (System Verilog or equivalent) and methodologies (UVM or equivalent).
 Experience in PCIe strongly preferred, other high-speed IO protocol experience is desirable.
 Experience with verification tools such as VCS and Verdi.
 Good debugging and problem-solving skills.
 Strong communication skills are required.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most insightful and talented people in the world working for us. Are you creative, skillful, and looking for the next challenge in your career? If so, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at NVIDIA in Austin, TX Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
