
 
 
 
 Paid Media Specialist - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Paid Media Specialist Rev.com 1,175 reviews California Remote Rev.com 1,175 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Position
 
Do you want to work at a high-growth company where your impact is seen and rewarded? Are you looking for the autonomy to do your best work? We are seeking a results-oriented Paid Search Specialist to drive growth in new customer acquisition across all our lines of business.
 
This role will report to the Sr. Manager of Paid Marketing. As a member of the Marketing Team, you will be responsible for driving new customer growth through testing and optimization of paid search to meet our aggressive growth goals.
 
You will own our largest paid media channel and have support to run ambitious tests across all aspects of paid search from keyword optimization to CRO and everything in between. This role combines analytical skills with creative thinking in a fast paced environment.
 
Responsibilities
 
Own and execute strategy across all search-based marketing channels (Google Ads, Bing, Quora, and more)
 Optimize channel performance through keyword refinement and harvesting, bid and bid type optimization, ad copy, and landing page optimization
 Develop and execute on a testing roadmap
 Own day-to-day reporting
 Partner with Sr. Manager of Paid Marketing on incrementally tests to validate attribution methodology
 
Qualifications
 
Managed paid search budgets in excess of $3M Annually
 
Deep understanding of the google ads and paid search ecosystem
 
Experience running analysis and light forecasting for paid search
 
Preferably has experience in both B2B & B2C setting at a company above $100M in revenue (Preferably in Tech/SaaS)
 
Life at Rev
 
Rev is a profitable, growth-stage startup that specializes in meeting the speech-to-text needs of hundreds of thousands of customers annually through its unmatched combination of the world's most accurate speech AI and the world's largest community of freelancers working side-by-side.
 
Rev's suite of products includes transcription, captioning, subtitling, as well as a live-captioning app for Zoom video conferencing. Rev also boasts seamless integrations with YouTube and Vimeo, as well as custom APIs for enterprise clients who need novel speech-to-text solutions.
 
Founded in 2010 by five MIT alumni, Rev has raised millions of dollars in venture capital from top Silicon Valley VCs and experienced exceptionally rapid growth, both internally and externally. Rev was recently named by Forbes as one of America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies and is a destination for the world's foremost engineers and speech scientists.
 
Our promise is to create great work from home jobs, powered by AI. Our vision is to transcend all barriers of communication. Joining Rev means joining a team of smart, passionate, and friendly people with different backgrounds, shared ideas, and similar goals. Oh, and tons of perks!
 
 Get Paid:  Be competitively compensated by a well-funded startup. Enjoy full benefits, options, and a 401k.
 
 Desk Budget & Office Equipment:  Rev will provide you with a new laptop. You will also have a budget to outfit your workspace.
 
 Make a Difference:  Be measured by your impact, not your effort. Help create real jobs for real people.
 
 Work Where You Want:  For most roles, be free to stay at home, come to the office, or work from a coffee shop.
 
 Have Fun:  Plan and participate in events like field day, baseball games, ski trips and happy hours.
 
 Stretch Yourself:  Learn new skills, talk to customers, drive product improvements, or learn to design. We will push you to your limits.
 
We encourage and celebrate different perspectives regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, age, race, origin, religion, caregiver status, disability, ethnicity, veteran status, or sexual orientation. Multiple points of view fuel our innovation and connect us closer to Revvers, our customers and each other.
 
Rev is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related conditions), gender identity or expression (including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, military service and veteran status, physical or mental disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws and ordinances. Rev.com 's management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities, access to facilities and programs and general treatment during employment.
 
 
 We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. 
 
If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information about our Privacy Policy for California residents linked here . Rev.com 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Paid Search Manager jobs in California Jobs at Rev.com in California Paid Search Manager salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rev.com Rev.com 1,175 reviews Rev is the largest and most popular voice-to-text service in the world with more than 170,000 customers globally. Recognized widely as th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
