
 
 
 
 AI/ML Principal Scientist and Group Lead, Single Cell and Spatial Transcriptomics - South San Francisco, CA 94080 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI/ML Principal Scientist and Group Lead, Single Cell and Spatial Transcriptomics Genentech South San Francisco, CA 94080 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are building the Single Cell and Spatial Transcriptomics division within the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Department within the Research Biology organization in Genentech’s Research and Early Development (gRED). The successful candidate will lead an AI team for the analysis of biological data, with focus on scRNA-seq data and Spatial Transcriptomics, with the ultimate goal of target discovery. 
The role 
You will join the department of AI/ML within Research Biology. Your peers will be machine learning scientists and computational biologists working on different areas of the life sciences. 
You will closely collaborate with physicians, biologists and bioinformaticians across departments in the organization. 
You will lead a team of machine learning scientists for the analysis of biological data, and use these methods to actively drive science. 
You will be expected to contribute to and drive publications, and present results at internal and external scientific conferences. 
Qualifications 
PhD degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Computational Biology, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics). 
Continuous and outstanding record of contributions in the field of machine learning applied to (some of) the following data types: scRNA-seq, perturbation screening data (e.g. Perturb-seq), untargeted spatial transcriptomics (e.g. Visium), targeted spatial transcriptomics (e.g. MERFISH), spatial proteomic, single cell epigenomics. 
Evidence of scientific independence and accomplishments comparable to assistant/associate/full professor at a top-tier research university, or equivalent managerial role in industry. 
Intense curiosity about the biology of disease and eagerness to contribute to scientific and computational efforts. 
#LI-GL1 
#gREDinformatics 
#AIScientist Genentech 21 days ago original job Report job Principal Scientist jobs in South San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in South San Francisco, CA Principal Scientist salaries in South San Francisco, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
