
 
 
 
 Vice President, Information and Data Services (IDS) - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Information and Data Services (IDS) Adobe 698 reviews San Jose, CA Adobe 698 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 Our Client
 Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver outstanding digital experiences. We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours.
 Get to know the team
 The Cloud Technology group builds platform and client services that are foundational building blocks for many other Adobe products and services. Areas of focus include identity, security, cloud storage, e-commerce, workflow management, synchronization, customer facing web apps, scalability, infrastructure management and search, just to name a few. Our mission is to build highly scalable, highly available and highly resilient services that fulfill the business objectives of Adobe.
 Peek into Adobe life in this video .
 When you join Adobe, you can look forward to collaborating with the most genuine people in the industry, working on projects with real purpose, and having immense pride in the products we build and the customers we support. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our innovative Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
 Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We hire hardworking individuals, regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, ancestry, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, cultural background or religious beliefs. We know that when our employees feel appreciated and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. This is what it means to be Adobe for All.
 Learn more about our vision here .
 Come build experiences that matter at a company that is recognized around the world and hear what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog .
 The Role
 Adobe seeks a Vice President, Information and Data Services (IDS) who will lead modernization of the company’s data platforms to support scale and enable continued growth of the business. Based in San Jose and reporting to the Chief Information Officer, Cynthia Stoddard, this individual will be responsible for the data and analytics strategy, data architecture, data governance and security, data platforms and applications supporting financial reporting critical to Adobe’s business. S/he will collaborate with the CIO, leadership teams and relevant business functions including engineering to create robust capability roadmaps, build best-in-class analytics functionality, deploy self-service platforms, and drive delivery and implementation with quality, time-to-market, while maintaining high levels of reliability.
 The team is approximately 150 people who are based in the US and India.
 Additional responsibilities and expectations are highlighted below:
 Lead data and technology transformation
 Drive technology transformation  : Enable simplified processes and lead implementation of new solutions to enhance delivery speed and data products quality.
 Be a change champion  : Promote and practice a growth mindset to invigorate transformative initiatives and ensure successful implementation across teams.
 Lead operating model transformation  : Define and implement new operating model changes to accelerate digital and data transformation e.g., agile strategies.
 Be a catalyst for change:  Be a transformative leader who can see opportunities to inspire change.
 Own and drive data platform and analytics strategy
 Define Adobe’s data strategy and identify required investments and ROI in data and analytics, while working closely with key business analytics leaders and executive management.
 Continue to improve and scale Adobe’s data platforms, aligning with key partners and functions.
 Lead execution and operational excellence
 Develop engagement, control, and agile-delivery best practices with a relentless focus on delivering business value.
 Shape the policies, processes and tools that drive continuous operational excellence, enterprise data and analytics architecture evolution, improved solution design practices, and high value technology selection decisions.
 Lead and build diverse teams
 Shape a collaborative, transparent, and entrepreneurial culture, in tandem with the corporate leadership team.
 Lead, mentor, and motivate the organization to focus on continuous improvement, transparency, speed, scale, and business impact; and
 Build an internal and external brand for the organization aimed at talent acquisition and retention in a highly competitive market.
 What you need to succeed
 We are looking for someone who is adept at championing and aligning C-suite vision into comprehensive enterprise data strategy, building and executing projects and programs to bridge gaps in organizational data capabilities, building world-class team of data experts to architect, engineer and secure data assets. This leader should have a firm understanding of key business processes/functions and implications on data flows across the enterprise as well as specific experience with Finance applications/systems.
 Further, this leader will need to possess a strong executive presence and keen relationship-building and influencing skills to communicate the opportunities for data and analytics across the organization. This leader will also need to have the technical depth to ensure that those opportunities are realized. S/he must be the consummate communicator, able to influence and build meaningful relationships across multiple internal and external partners.
 We also highlight the following skills, experiences and competencies:
 Enterprise Data Leadership
 The successful candidate will have led enterprise-level data teams that have distinguished themselves through effective partnership with key business leaders and technical innovation. Deep experience in modern Data and Analytics tools, architecture and techniques including Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) and Robotic Process Automation (RPA).
 Demonstrated experience with Hadoop, paired with a strong understanding of data warehousing, business intelligence design principles, data modeling, and a variety of technology architectures and frameworks.
 Act as and embrace the role of Customer-Zero for Adobe’s Data Platform Products.
 Extensive experience working in data management, including creating partnerships, implementing data governance, and understanding the underlying technologies needed to enable data innovation across a large organization.
 Proven Data Governance track record with an emphasis on data policies, standards, and processes design, administration and compliance monitoring.
 Experience in developing and deploying a data movement strategy that includes client agreement strategies, monitoring and reporting strategies.
 Setting Strategy / Vision
 Demonstrated ability to think strategically, build a shared vision and articulate it in a way that wins support across the wider team and organization
 Proven track record of delivering value, from opportunity identification to delivery, even when there are unknowns or incomplete information.
 The inclination to seek and analyze data from a variety of sources to support decisions and to align others with the Adobe’s overall strategy.
 Exposure to contemporary industry trends to foster innovative thinking.
 Global Leadership in Complex Environments
 This individual will be a transformational builder who is comfortable with leading complex initiatives from inception through successful execution, possessing strong business insight complimented with technical experience and knowledge.
 Extensive experience leading large, complex technology projects, including strategic and tactical planning and implementation, analysis, design, package selection and deployment.
 Executing for Results
 The ability to set clear and challenging goals while committing the organization to improved performance; tenacious and accountable in driving results.
 Comfortable with ambiguity and uncertainty; the ability to adapt nimbly and lead others through complex situations.
 A risk-taker who seeks data and input from others to foresee possible threats or unintended circumstances from decisions; someone who takes calculated risks.
 A leader who is viewed by others as having a high degree of integrity and forethought in his/her approach to making decisions; the ability to act in a transparent and consistent manner while always considering what is best for Adobe.
 Leading Teams
 The ability to attract and recruit top talent, motivate the team, delegate effectively, celebrate diversity within the team, and manage performance; widely viewed as a strong developer of others.
 The ability to persevere in the face of challenges and exhibit a steadfast resolve and relentless commitment to higher standards, which earns respect from followers.
 A leader who is self-reflective and aware of his/her own limitations; leads by example and drives the organization's performance with an attitude of continuous improvement by being open to feedback and self-improvement.
 Relationships and Influence
 Naturally connects and builds strong relationships with others, demonstrating strong emotional intelligence and communicates clearly and persuasively.
 Inspires trust and followership in others through compelling influence, powerful charisma, passion in his/her beliefs, and active drive.
 Encourages others to share the spotlight and visibly celebrates and supports the team’s success; and
 Creates a sense of purpose/meaning for the team that generates followership beyond his/her own personality and engages others to the greater purpose for the organization.
 Contact
 Michael Feldman
 
Russell Reynolds Associates
 
101 California Street
 
Suite 4200
 
San Francisco, CA 94111-5867
 
Tel:  +1-415-352-3300 
 
Direct: +1-415-352-3329
 
Mobile: +1-415-430-8130
 
michael.feldman@russellreynolds.com
 Cecyl Hobbs
 
Russell Reynolds Associates
 
101 California Street
 
Suite 4200
 
San Francisco, CA 94111-5867
 
Tel:  +1-415-352-3300 
 
Direct: +1-415-352-3375
 
Mobile: +1-617-869-8545
 
cecyl.hobbs@russellreynolds.com Adobe 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Jose, CA Vice President salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 698 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
