
 
 
 
 Legal Counsel, Technology Transactions - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Legal Counsel, Technology Transactions SoundHound Inc. Santa Clara, CA At SoundHound Inc., our mission is to enable humans to interact with the world the same way we interact with each other: by speaking naturally. Today, our customized voice AI solutions allow people to talk to phones, cars, smart speakers, mobile apps, coffee machines, and every other part of the emerging 'voice-first' world.
 
We are looking for a passionate and dynamic technology transaction attorney to help SoundHound scale as a leader in the conversational artificial intelligence industry. You will be working directly with our upper management, business development, legal, and finance teams to support our growing business.
 
The ideal candidate should have a passion for negotiating, drafting and finalizing technology transaction agreements, exhibits independent thinking and can take the initiative on projects, is technologically curious and savvy, works well in a (small) team environment and is willing to learn and adapt to the constant changes that are present in startup life, and is humble and comes ready to learn and learn quickly.
 
 In this role you will: 
Draft, review, negotiate and advise on a variety of technology agreements including outbound software licensing, services and consulting agreements, content partnerships, and other technology agreements
 Lead the negotiations with the opposing party
 Participate in recurring meetings concerning business opportunities, engineering product development, inbound licensing, and IP portfolio management and development
 Interface with outside counsel on matters concerning IP, privacy, open source, employment, and international law
 Advise business colleagues and other cross-functional stakeholders on legal issues and risks, approval processes, company policies, and procedures
 Help coordinate the business and legal tasks associated with the day to day operations of a technology company
 
 We would love to hear from you if: 
You have a law degree (JD, LLB or equivalent) from accredited US or Canadian law school with excellent academic credentials
 You have admission to and in good standing with the state bar of at least one US state (California preferred)
 You have 3-5 years of total legal experience (in-house or at a reputable law firm), focused on drafting, negotiating, and advising on commercial contracts for software companies, including large-scale commercial software, cloud computing, and professional services, and advising on intellectual property, open source, and privacy/data protection matters
 Excellent written and oral communication skills
 
Here at SoundHound, diversity, equity, and inclusion are key to who we are as a company. With a mission to build Voice AI for the world, creating a team with global perspectives is critical to our success.
 
We care deeply about fostering an environment where everyone is supported and can do their best work. SoundHound will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits of employment.
 
Employees enjoy comprehensive health care, paid time off, discounted fitness classes, and flexible working hours. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and culture at https://soundhound.com/careers/.
 
Come join our growing team and bring your unique voice to our mission! SoundHound Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at SoundHound in Santa Clara, CA Counsel salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SoundHound Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
