
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 4+ years of hands-on experience in predictive modeling, data science and data analysis 
 2+ years of experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building and deploying ML models on the cloud, including advanced deep learning models 
 At least one advanced subject matter expertise in data science, preferably Forecasting, Reinforcement Learning, Natural Language Processing, Causal Inference, GNN and/or RecSys 
 Experience writing code in Python or similar with impeccable documentation for efficient knowledge sharing and reproducibility 
 Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment 
 Excellent communication skills with ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical audience while also efficiently interacting with deeply technical peers 
 
This role can sit in Seattle, WA, Nashville, TN, Arlington, VA (HQ2), other corporate locations would be considered.
 
The Amazon Forecasting and Science for Talents team is a key partner to talent strategy and planning teams across Amazon World-Wide (WW) Consumer, providing essential insights to optimize decision making processes across critical talent initiatives. We forecast out for tens of thousands of hires a year, and talent plan for many more, driving WW initiatives to discover and enable hiring the right people at the right time and place. Our Science team focuses specifically on the creation of predictive and prescriptive approaches by leveraging various simulations, statistical techniques, Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI).
 
Do you want to help build and coordinate one of the largest Global Workforce on the planet by leading with data at Amazon? Are you excited by using massive amounts of disparate data to develop AI/ML models? Are you thrilled to be a part of Amazon who has been pioneering and shaping the world’s AI/ML technology for decades? In this role you will closely partner with Amazon WW Consumer, HR, Finance, and Talent Acquisition leadership teams, and with various engineering, data, and science teams across the company. Your goal will be to discover best in class approaches to help better understand and forecast talent movement and enable your customers to derive actionable plans from data.
 
We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist who can work with senior leadership and also partner with highly technical experts to deliver predictive and prescriptive solutions. The Data Scientist will be comfortable leading statistical and ML projects from conception to production, including understanding business needs, transforming and exploring data, building and validating ML models, and deploying completed models on the AWS cloud. Finally, this person will be an expert at synthesizing and communicating insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication.
 
Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at Amazon, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have 12 affinity groups (employee resource groups) with more than 87,000 employees across hundreds of chapters around the world. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which reminds team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Flexibility
 It isn’t about which hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We offer flexibility and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 We care about your career growth too. Whether your goals are to explore new technologies, take on bigger opportunities, or get to the next level, we'll help you get there. Our business is growing fast and our people will grow with it.
 
 
 Master’s degree or PhD in a highly quantitative field (Computer Sciences, Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operational Research, etc) 
 Experience practicing ML on the cloud and quickly cycling through ML initiatives at scale 
 Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes, and to efficiently determine cause-and-effect relationships 
 Experience with dev/ops setting up ML infrastructures on the cloud 
 Experience in People/HR/Talent or Supply Chain is a plus 
 Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences is a plus 
 Ability to work on a diverse team or with a diverse range of coworkers 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us
 We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success and we make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We welcome applications from all members of society irrespective of age, gender, disability, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief. Amazon.com 30 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Data Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
