
 
 
 
 Software Engineer 1 - Roseville, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer 1 FICO 168 reviews Roseville, MN FICO 168 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 Job Description
 The Opportunity
 “Come join our product development team in a hands-on technical role where you’ll be involved in the end-to-end lifecycle of software development and methodologies. This role provides the opportunity to develop a deep understanding of our business and work closely with professional services and product management to develop a highly feature rich product.”  – VP, Software Engineering.
 What You’ll Contribute
 Build, deploy, and support modules of large, world-class enterprise-level solutions.
 Use diagrams and tools to write programs, investigate and fix bugs, and install solutions.
 Continually learn new technologies in related areas.
 What We’re Seeking
 Bachelor’s/Master’s in Computer Science or related disciplines, or relevant software development experience.
 2+ years of experience working with Angular and related front end technologies.
 Knowledge of JAVA / J2EE is preferred.
 Working knowledge of REST API integration and knowledge of Microservices architecture.
 Knowledge of development and deployment of software solutions within Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) process.
 Strong knowledge of database concepts and programming.
 Ability to work well as part of geographically diverse teams.
 Ability to multitask, prioritize, show initiative, and respond quickly in a fast-paced collaborative environment.
 Our Offer to You
 A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
 The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
 Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
 Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Roseville, MN Jobs at FICO in Roseville, MN Software Engineer salaries in Roseville, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 168 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
