
 
 
 
 General Interest - Vancouver, WA 98660 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search General Interest AbSci Vancouver, WA 98660 You didn't have my dream job so I'm submitting a General Application
 
AbSci is a leading synthetic biology company that translates ideas into drugs with a platform technology that reinvents the biopharmaceutical drug discovery process. We custom engineer E. coli to create novel complex biologics in their full length format while simultaneously developing production cell lines. We are deploying cutting edge deep learning artificial intelligence to inform our designs, and every day we succeed in achieving things others have dismissed as impossible. With more than a dozen partnerships in place with top pharma and industry leaders, our collaborations include projects for drugs and drug candidates that range across multiple protein types and therapeutic functionality. We are continually innovating, expanding the scope of what we can do and the impact we can have as we help get better drugs to patients...sooner. We are based in Vancouver, Washington, ten minutes from Portland, Oregon and an hour from world class alpine terrain and rugged Pacific coastlines.
 
Job Description
 
We are always looking for great talent for our future roles and maybe that right one will be available tomorrow! Please feel free to send your application and we can consider you when the time comes.
 
Areas of focus
 
Strain and Metabolic Engineering
 Analytical Chemistry
 Protein Purification
 Fermentation
 Bioinformatics
 Software Engineering and Data Science
 Machine Learning and AI
 Business Development
 Corporate (Legal, Administration, Finance, HR, etc.)
 
Qualifications
 
We seek candidates who will dive all in to participate in our creative company culture that's collaborative, multidisciplinary, and committed to a big vision for positive impact. We are defying conventions and innovating without boundaries. We are disrupting an industry with bold ideas and passionate pursuit of new possibilities. We are looking for original thinkers, creative scientists, and data-devoted gurus. Successful candidates will be excited to work in a dynamic startup environment and contribute as a key member of a project team. If this sounds good to you, we invite you to join us in our quest to redefine possible. AbSci 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at AbSci in Vancouver, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AbSci AbSci has developed a proprietary bioengineered E. coli expression platform that allows for easily optimizable and scalable soluble produ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
