
 
 
 
 Customer Engineer, Data & AI - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Engineer, Data & AI Microsoft 7,140 reviews United States Remote Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Customer Success: Do you have a passion for Cloud Services in the financial services industry? We are looking for a Customer Engineer for Data & AI Solutions Team to help drive digital transformation with Azure AI and ML. 
Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
Customer Success: Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and support offerings. To this end, Microsoft invests in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully realize their business outcomes. 
Customer Engineers (CEs) are deep technical advisors supporting Enterprise customers to deliver unique value by removing blockers to consumption within their given Solution Area. Customer Engineer services can be delivered either remotely or on-premises. 
Responsibilities 
Support Management - 50% 
Participate in proactive account management, spot performance issues, analyze problems, develop solutions to meet customer needs, represent them. 
Provides the most effective method of service delivery by analyzing trends and common themes across customers. 
Create deliverables to address common customer needs & support mobile-first, cloud-first strategy, share intellectual property with others. 
Engages in strategic service delivery planning, in partnership with the virtual account team (VAT), to strengthen targeted customer relationships. 
Gathers customer impressions of products and services and integrates this feedback into decision making. 
Seeks information about the underlying needs of customers. 
Allocates and aligns resources to optimize the customer experience. 
Develops and communicates realistic performance goals and standards. 
Builds plans that consider potential obstacles and immediate and long-term consequences. 
Demonstrates expertise in a specific solution, or several products, feature functions, or services. 
Provides stakeholder assistance throughout deployment to avoid/resolve technical issues. 
Support Execution - Deliver Results through Teamwork & Optimizing Business Results - 25% 
Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members. 
Identifies opportunities to articulate business value and grow customer/partner relationships in alignment with Customer Success business priorities and stakeholder management principles. 
Provides and drives actionable feedback across groups about the customer/partner experience and competitor threats. 
Modifies existing intellectual property (IP) or, where applicable, creates new content. 
Seeks opportunities to drive Customer Success business results by collaborating with multiple team members. 
Leadership and Growing the Business - 25% 
Consistently apply "lessons learned", model personal accountability & teamwork. 
Demonstrates an understanding of his or her role and contribution to customer/partner change management and adoption initiatives. 
Understands customer/partner requirements and can map the adoption and optimization of Microsoft technology solutions accordingly. 
Drives and Supports innovation focusing on industry solutions and customer business outcomes on the Microsoft platform. 
Contribute & participate with meetings to articulate Premier offerings to all customers; share knowledge thru communities, adapt for customers. 
Cultivates relationships, credibility, and loyalty with customers and partners intentionally by sharing relevant business expertise. 
Demonstrated Self Learner 
Experiences Required: Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: 
Analytical Problem Solving 
Building Customer/Partner Relationships 
Product & Technology Expertise 
Leadership 
Value Selling 
Years’ Experience: 3 in systems development, network operations, software support, IT consulting 
Bachelor’s Degree (B.S./B.A.) or equivalent 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications:
 At least 3 years of experience working with Enterprise customers in any of the following: providing customer technical readiness, delivery support services, on premise and remote technical support, solution development, account management; technical requirements gathering; broad evangelism through events (presentation skills) or related. 
At least 3 years of design, implementation, support, consulting experience with any of the following AI related technologies:
 1.) Machine Learning, Artificial intelligence (AI), deep learning, Big Data
 2.) Advanced data analytics – designing and building solutions using technologies such as Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake, HD Insights, Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Stream Analytics, Azure Machine Learning Service, Azure Cognitive Services 
Other Qualifications:
 Technical consulting and architecture experience on large-scale customer/partner engagements
 Deep understanding of AI workloads and Cloud Computing, business drivers, and their impact on customer/partner opportunities is preferred
 Deep technical or architectural knowledge is preferred
 Experience delivering and/or authoring technical training
 Ability to communicate with a variety of different audiences and strong presentation skills
 Ability to match technical solutions with customer business requirements
 Ability to lead and motivate technical communities
 Ability to effectively recognize and adapt to change 
 Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Engineer jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Customer Engineer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
