
 
 
 
 System Software Engineer - GPU - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Software Engineer - GPU NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is searching for a highly motivated, creative engineer with experience in system software to join the GPU Software team. As someone who is hardworking and passionate about their work, you will design key aspects of our production GPU kernel drivers and embedded SW. You should demonstrate the ability to excel in an environment with complex software and hardware designs.
 What you'll be doing:
 Define, design, develop and verify features for our GPUs; collaborating with hardware engineers and fellow software engineers
 You will follow the devices all the way through the development process to the customer desktops, notebooks, workstations, and gaming console products that are used throughout the world
 Heavily involved with the early modeling and simulation required to produce our world-class products
 Multiple opportunities to collaborate and communicate effectively with teams from all around the globe
 What we need to see:
 BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related degree (or equivalent experience)
 Strong C programming skills as well as having shown initiative in pursuing independent coding projects
 Familiarity with computer system architecture, microprocessor, and microcontroller fundamentals (caches, buses, memory controllers, DMA, etc.)
 Kernel experience with Linux, Android, Chrome, or Windows systems
 3+ years of meaningful software development experience
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Background and strength with complex system-level debugging is invaluable
 Deep understanding of memory management and virtualization concepts
 Familiarity with kernel level security concepts
 Experience with embedded system SW concepts, e.g.: RTOS and overlay programming models
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us. If you're creative, passionate and self-motivated, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA System Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
