
 
 
 
 Claims Experience Advocate, High Value Theft - Scottsdale, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Claims Experience Advocate, High Value Theft Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Scottsdale, AZ Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scottsdale, Arizona | Claims Experience | Full-time 
 
Here at Lemonade, our mission is to create a fast and hassle-free insurance experience. We’re looking to push the envelope of customer experience in a way no other insurance company has ever attempted. This means zero conflicts of interest and a customer-first mindset. If you’re an experienced claims adjuster who’s looking for something rewarding and different, this one’s for you. 
 
In this role, you’ll work to settle high-value theft claims, exceeding customer expectations along the way. Your day-to-day will consist of handling claims related to theft, vandalism, and lost property. More specifically, you’ll manage claims associated with home burglaries, car break-ins, missing diamond rings, and the like. We’re looking for inspired, driven individuals with tons of positive energy and a genuine passion for helping others. 
 
Requirements 
2+ years of experience in claims handling (startup experience is a plus) 
Proficient in handling complex theft claims that often require SIU involvement 
Comfortable articulating yourself on the phone as well as via email 
Desire to work in a unique, dynamic, and fast-paced environment 
A surplus of empathy and patience, along with a positive approach to work and life 
Comfortable with, and adaptable to, new technology and business tools 
Experience working with large national property service vendors (G4S, DMA, and Frontier) is a definite advantage 
A bonus if you’re licensed as a property adjuster in NY, CA, or FL 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
