
 
 
 
 Multiple Postdoctoral Positions in Advanced Radiotherapy Research - Baltimore, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Multiple Postdoctoral Positions in Advanced Radiotherapy Research University of Maryland, Baltimore 135 reviews Baltimore, MD University of Maryland, Baltimore 135 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Medical Physics Research Team in the Department of Radiation Oncology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine is seeking multiple highly motivated postdoctoral fellows to perform cutting-edge research in radiation therapy. These projects will involve using multi-modality images (CT, CBCT, MRI, PET, optical imaging) and clinical software in radiation therapy such as treatment planning and image guidance tools. Areas of active research include
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Radiotherapy – Developing and implementing AI-based image-guided radiation therapy, image reconstruction, processing, synthesis and registration. AI-based treatment outcome prediction and clinical decision making. The research will have a strong focus towards clinical translation with the goal to develop practical AI technologies to directly benefit patient care. 
 Multimodality CT-MRI Motion Models for Real-time Volumetric Respiratory Motion Management – These studies involve using 4DMRI and 4DCT to create patient-specific real-time volumetric motion models based on machine learning and other AI-based approaches. 
 FLASH Radiotherapy – These projects will involve physics research (anatomical and functional imaging, developing FLASH dose and dose rate measurement technologies, treatment planning) for preclinical small animal studies using electron and proton-FLASH radiotherapy to investigate tumor control and normal tissue toxicity for a variety of disease sites.
 Function-guided Lung Radiotherapy – These studies are focused on using novel imaging modalities such as virtual bronchoscopy and perfusion imaging to minimize post-radiation toxicity in lung radiotherapy 
 
 Training and Career Path 
 This is a 2-3 year, full-time, mentored research position. The successful candidate will receive regular mentorship and evaluation, be trained and required to disseminate research findings in major national conferences and peer-reviewed publications, and be mentored and encouraged to seek extramural research funding.
 Upon satisfactory performance, fellows will have the option to enroll in the department’s CAMPEP-approved Medical Physics Graduate Certificate program, expected to commence in early 2022. Successfully completing the certificate program will render the candidate eligible for medical physics residency training and enable them to pursue a career as a clinical medical physicist. 
 Qualifications 
Qualifications and Skills 
 Ph.D. in Medical Physics, Physics, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Biomedical Engineering, Nuclear Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or a related field is required. Expertise required in one or more of the following areas: strong background in physics, algorithms, image analysis, coding, and mathematical modeling. Strong scientific programming skills in CUDA, C#, C++, Python, etc., are highly desired. Basic knowledge of radiation therapy is desired but not required. The candidate should demonstrate strong motivation for research and excellent oral and written scientific communication skills.
 Research Lab and Environment 
 The Medical Physics Research Team has a robust research program with 4 active NIH R01 grants and several sponsored research grants from industry and private foundations. Research efforts within the division are led by Dr. Amit Sawant, Chief of Physics https://www.medschool.umaryland.edu/profiles/Sawant-Amit/ and Dr. Lei Ren, Director of Physics Research. https://www.medschool.umaryland.edu/profiles/Ren-Lei/ 
 Resources include high-performance computing facilities including a newly purchased computer server with high-end A100 GPUs and a dedicated research GPU-based Eclipse treatment planning environment, state-of-the-art radiotherapy systems including Varian Truebeam and Edge linacs, a multi-vault Varian ProBeam proton therapy center, Raysearch and Eclipse treatment planning systems, CBCT, Siemens 1.5T and 3T MRI scanners, and two small animal IGRT platforms - a conventional SARRP for photon-based studies and a beam-line SARRP for preclinical proton FLASH IGRT studies. The department also has a successful track record of commercialization of research products. 
 
Job :  Postdoctoral Fellows 
Organization :  School of Medicine - Clinical Departments 
Job Posting :  May 4, 2021 University of Maryland, Baltimore 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Baltimore, MD Jobs at University of Maryland in Baltimore, MD Researcher salaries in Baltimore, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Maryland, Baltimore University of Maryland, Baltimore 135 reviews University of Maryland, Baltimore, (also known as University of Maryland, The Founding Campus; or UMB, UMAB) was founded in 1807. It comp... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
