
 
 
 
 Virtual Customer Care Representative - San Antonio, TX 78259 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Virtual Customer Care Representative Lennar Homes 497 reviews San Antonio, TX 78259 Remote Lennar Homes 497 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
This is an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Virtual Customer Care Representative for Lennar. This person will be a key member of the Customer Care Team, which is responsible for providing warranty and service support to our Homeowners. This role will drive Customer Satisfaction by ensuring a timely and thorough response to Homeowner requests. The Virtual Customer Care Representative will focus on assessing, diagnosing and in some cases resolving or scheduling Homeowner service requests remotely through the use of virtual technology. Detailed and accurate communication of findings with the field team will be paramount in resolving requests. 
Must be open to working rotating shifts/flex schedule. 
Responsibilities:
 Provide friendly telephonic and virtual Homeowner support in a creative, proactive manner consistent with Lennar’s warranty policies, procedures and quality standards. 
Follow up on every Homeowner service request virtually, ensuring a thorough evaluation and diagnosis is completed and well documented. 
Communicate and assess with Homeowners through a virtual platform, educating as to out of warranty items while providing resources for DIY self-help assistance. 
Capture detailed information utilizing AR remote assistance software and effectively document customer concerns for service scheduling. 
Electronic assemblage of all pertinent documents, photos and correspondence for thorough entry of work order information. 
Communicate effectively and clearly with Homeowners and Lennar team members, including Field Customer Care Representatives, Customer Care Coordinators and Trade Partners. 
Respond effectively to Homeowner inquiries regarding their home warranty, product verification, options standards, maintenance care guidelines and other related topics. 
Understand manufacturer recommendations for use and application of their products and communicate with Homeowners in a way that is informative and valuable. 
Guide Homeowners through steps to assess and address items in a patient and caring manner considering any language barriers and homeowner’s technical knowledge. 
Evaluate and prioritize Homeowner service requests and communicate findings effectively with the field team including scheduling for service. 
Document findings thoroughly and accurately. 
Schedule virtual appointments and Trade Partner appointments. 
Verify contact data within the service software environment including Homeowner contact information and Trade Partner verification. 
#CB 
Qualifications:
 Minimum High School or GED required. 
Minimum 2 years customer or field service experience required or equivalent, preferably with a homebuilder. 
Ability to communicate clearly and attentively with diverse audiences via a remote setting. 
Comfortable with innovation and technology, including virtual applications, chat, text, and artificial intelligence. 
Team player willing to go the extra mile. 
Patience and ability to coach others. 
Knowledge of Salesforce a plus. 
Advanced knowledge of scheduling, budgeting and document management. 
Proficiency with computer programs including Microsoft Office. 
Strong organizational, time management, analytical, problem solving, and mediation abilities. 
Committed to fostering and supporting a proactive, customer-driven approach to service. 
Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously and with little or no supervision. 
Ability to adapt and work well under pressure. 
Capable of inspiring trust and confidence through effective and professional communication and interpersonal skills, both written and oral. 
Ability to ask questions to determine a root cause. 
Bilingual a plus. 
Ability to work flex hours preferred. Lennar Homes 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Support Representative jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at Lennar Homes in San Antonio, TX Customer Support Representative salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lennar Homes Lennar Homes 497 reviews Lennar Corporation constructs homes in 18 different states throughout the U.S., with a focus on single-family homes that include everythi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
