
 
 
 
 Robotic Process Automation Programmer - Joint Artificial Intelligence Center - Falls Church, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Robotic Process Automation Programmer - Joint Artificial Intelligence Center Barbaricum 12 reviews Falls Church, VA Barbaricum 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Robotic Process Automation Programmer - Joint Artificial Intelligence Center 
Falls Church, VA / 
Cyber / Intelligence / 
Contingent on Contract Award 
Apply for this job 
Barbaricum supports government clients with Integrated Communications, Mission Support, and Cyber Security/Intelligence. Our passion is innovation and we are committed to client value and effective technical solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015-certified and CMMI Level 3 appraised, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Washington, DC. Our mission is to transform the ways the U.S. Government approaches problem sets of increasing complexity by delivering innovative solutions, particularly in support of National Security missions. 
 
Barbaricum is one of the fastest-growing companies in our market. The company is routinely recognized by institutions like Inc. Magazine, GovCon, AMEC, PRSA, and SmartCEO for corporate growth, capabilities, and award-winning client work. Our team is dynamic and agile, providing global support to current missions across five continents. We are also focused on developing and maintaining our vibrant corporate culture, having been recently named one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine. 
Barbaricum seeks a Programmer/Developer experienced in Robotic Process Automation and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning to provide support to the Department of Defense Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC). Specifically, this individual will support the Business Process Transformation (BPT) initiative, which aims to institutionalize business process transformation across the DoD through scalable AI and automation technologies that are Common Access Card (CAC)-accessible and cloud-enabled in support of DoD business areas. The Initiative's goal is to mitigate against manually intensive, error-prone and costly processes across the DoD that – given trends in data - are not currently scalable for future growth, by applying AI and enabling technologies to decrease time and cost and increase effectiveness. 
 
 The Programmer will integrate as part of a diverse team of subject matter experts, technologists and developers focused on developing prototype intelligent automations from initial use case through requirement development, process re-engineering, software implementation and deployment. 
Responsibilities
 Responsible for activities such as program design, coding, testing, debugging and/or documentation 
Apply technical knowledge of all phases of applications systems analysis and programming and leverage understanding of the business or function for which and application is designed 
Write programs according to specifications, which may be provided by Engineers, technical architects, or other computer scientists 
Update, repair, modify and expand existing computer programs 
Qualifications
 Active DoD Secret Clearance required
 Master's Degree in relevant field desired 
5+ years of related experience
 2-3 years' professional experience specializing intelligent automation technology, with experience in UiPath, Automation Anywhere or BluePrism highly desired 
Additional Information 
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews.  No phone calls please. Barbaricum 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Programmer jobs in Falls Church, VA Jobs at Barbaricum in Falls Church, VA Programmer salaries in Falls Church, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Barbaricum 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
