
 
 
 
 Software Engineer 2 (Front End) - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer 2 (Front End) Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In Mixed Reality, people—not devices—are at the center of everything we do. Our tech moves beyond screens and pixels, creating a new reality aimed at bringing us closer together—whether that’s scientists “meeting” on the surface of a virtual Mars or some yet undreamt-of possibility. 
Our Commercial & Consumer Experience Studio is part of the Mixed Reality team, where we focus on creating highly crafted and delightful experiences across our family of Mixed Reality devices. We keep people at the center of everything we do, blending the physical and digital world, to unlock the next evolution in human computer and environment interaction, unlocking what before was restricted to our imagination(s). Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, identities, previous work histories, life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. Our varied backgrounds and unique experiences enable us to be better at building the best solutions for our customers and make for dynamic and joyful collaborations with colleagues! 
We are a fun, creative, and diverse team that celebrates and embraces our differences, and we’d love to get to know YOU! 
Responsibilities 
You are drawn to working on the latest and most innovative products in the world. You seek projects that will transform how people interact with technology. You have a drive to grow your skillset by finding unique challenges that have yet to be solved. We are looking for a strong software engineer to come join us in delivering the next wave of holographic experiences in an exciting new project. 
Work on the delivery of high-quality code components that will power the client and frontend experiences for our products 
Partner with industry-leading Engineers, Artists, Producers, and Designers 
Work with state-of-the art next generation hardware, sensors, and software 
Incorporate the latest AI, Machine Learning and Computer vision capabilities into the design of our products 
Qualifications 
3+ years’ experience in Software Engineering 
Strong C#/C++ coding background, debugging ability across technology stacks 
Proficiency with Unity, Unreal or related game engines 
Experience shipping high quality, scalable, networked user experiences and services 
Strong cross-discipline collaboration skills 
Great written and verbal communication skills 
There are plenty of other skills that aren’t required, but you’ll find useful in this role. Let us know if you have experience with: 
Augmented, Virtual Reality, and/or Mixed Reality 
Cloud and distributed services technologies, such as Docker containers, Storage services, etc. 
Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
#MixedReality 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Front End Developer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
