
 
 
 
 Brand Designer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Brand Designer IRL United States Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Overview 
 IRL (http://www.irl.com/) is the leading group messaging social network that brings people together through events and shared experiences. With its wide range of in-app offerings, including personalized event suggestions using artificial intelligence, calendar integrations, messenger and private group pages, IRL deepens everyone's ability to connect through organic community-building and engaging social interaction. 
 Based on humans' natural group orientation and essential need to communicate, especially in the post-COVID era, IRL is building the future of interaction by translating these inherent needs onto one platform and encouraging users to do more together. 
 IRL has raised $170 million dollars in their Series C round led by SoftBank, with the promise that we will redefine the messaging category. This is a perfect opportunity to come in fairly early and make an impact. The user base has grown significantly in the last year, and we aim to continue that trajectory while expanding the team. 
IRL has consistently been featured in the App Store under Apps We Love and has grown to >20m users. We've achieved great growth results and are looking to grow the team by 3x in the next 12 months. 
 Press: 
https://www.theverge.com/2021/6/15/22534253/irl-social-network-facebook-groups-calendar-events-messaging 
 https://www.forbes.com/sites/abrambrown/2021/06/15/social-messaging-app-irl-gets-11-billion-valuation-from-softbank-plots-monetization/ 
 https://techcrunch.com/2021/06/15/messaging-social-network-irl-hits-unicorn-status-with-softbank-led-170m-series-c/ 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 We are looking for a Brand Designer to join the team with a background in developing holistic and timeless brand design systems. This person must have a strong background in brand architecture, craft and design thinking, with a proven track record of working on integrated efforts. You must be comfortable working across many media touch-points, creating and scaling rigorous design systems with high-fidelity. You're a conceptual thinker who can bring your ideas to life in new and inspiring ways. When you decide to make something, you see your vision through from concept to launch. 
 A strong strategic acumen for building timeless brands 
Create brand systems and design solutions with a high level of craft and attention to detail 
Develop original breakthrough design thinking for a variety of marketing touch-points 
Build systems to enable partners 
Work cross-functionally, balancing the needs of stakeholders and breaking down complex narratives into simple, compelling ideas 
Collaborate with creatives, program managers, marketing leadership, stakeholders and production agencies to serve a global audience 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Portfolio featuring work across brand systems and campaign design 
Experience across the full palette of design expression: traditional, digital, social, experiential, and ideas that drive earned media 
Track record of operating independently and without much oversight 
Communication and organizational skills 
 Benefits: 
 A remote-first organization that allows you to set up working hours that best fit your daily routine. 
Room for personal and professional development through regular 1-on-1s and mentoring. 
A motivated team that enables you to do your best. 
Full medical, dental & vision coverage for employees  and  their spouses/partners & children. 
Minimum 5 weeks personal time off. 
 
 
 Get Together Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. IRL 5 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in United States Jobs at IRL in United States Designer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from IRL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
