
 
 
 
 System Development Engineer - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Development Engineer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 3+ years of DevOps or SysOps experience in a large-scale software development environment 
 2+ years of distributed systems deployment experience 
 Programming experience with at least one language such as Java, C++, or C# 
 Experience with distributed operational health and performance monitoring systems 
 1+ years of experience contributing to automation for new and current systems 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 The AWS Account teams are looking for Systems Development Engineer who like to engineer and operate systems of huge scale, and who will like to gain top-notch experience in cloud computing.
 
The journey of all AWS customers begin with an Account. The AWS Account teams are redefining how we serve our global customer needs. Be part of the founding team that is on a mission to evolve the core notion of an AWS account.
 
You will move quickly to make customer’s life easier by deploying, migrating and operating new systems and by improving existing systems. You will help launch new external APIs that perform at the global scale for AWS customers. Utilize your experience and knowledge of distributed systems.
 
You will own automated deployment and upgrades of our platform. You will lead the teams to identify and resolve automation gaps, improve repetitive processes, and work closely with the developers to identify operational needs. You will become intimately familiar with the architecture of our systems, and be responsible for diving deep into code, while developing solutions for our customers and services. You’ll drive prioritization of deployment and operational issues, and drive automation design in support of the wider organization.
 
You will have opportunities to work with principal engineers to build the highly available distributed systems. As the AWS account effects many internal services, you'll work independently, with and across teams.
 
Have an opportunity to be a member of a brand-new team! The greater team is a diverse, smart, and hardworking team. Among many things, we’re parents, musicians, and athletes who also enjoy time outside of the office. We’ve worked hard to create a trusting, collaborative, and supportive atmosphere. We’re looking for engineers to grow a positive, enthusiastic, and driven environment.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 5+ years of non-internship professional DevOps or SysOps experience 
 Proven ability to design deployments of complex software systems 
 A track record of deploying and maintaining complex, reliable, and scalable software platform in an innovative and fast-paced environment 
 Experience with iterative, agile development methodologies (including scrum) 
 Excellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts 
 Knowledge of best practices for software deployment 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Arlington, VA System Engineer salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
