
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Software Manager, Inference - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Software Manager, Inference NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a Manager for Deep Learning Inference-Development and Software Performance!
 Nvidia has continuously reinvented itself over two decades. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing - with the GPU acting as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Today, we are increasingly known as “the AI computing company.” We're looking to grow our company, and build our teams with the smartest people in the world. Join us at the forefront of technological advancement.
 This role offers you the opportunity to be a leader for TensorRT team. Our team uses Agile / Hybrid development methods, and is shipping code for multiple hardware platforms and operating systems.
 What you'll be doing:
 Manage, contribute, and review the efforts of TensorRT performance analysis, new feature development, and quality improvements. Your leadership includes communicating team status, collaboratively solving challenges, and coordinating with our international team. A key part of your mission will be to recruit awesome engineers to develop highly optimized deep learning kernels for inference in TensorRT. Our team has made big impacts in performance such as in the MLPerf Inference of the MLCommons benchmark.
 We are excited to add you to our collaboration with cloud service providers, automotive customers, and natural language processing centers.
 We love to spread our message by traveling to conferences and customers for technical consultation and training.
 What we need to see:
 Candidates should have Masters or PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or AI) or equivalent experience in software development.
 5+ years of relevant work experience in production software. As a manager, we want candidates to show 2+ years of people management experience.
 Excellent project management skills, great interpersonal skills and intrinsic motivation to achieve results in a multifaceted, fast-paced environment
 Excellent C/C++ programming with strong software design skills
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Deep Learning Software development
 Knowledge of CPU and/or GPU architecture. CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working with us and our engineering teams are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields: Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Autonomous Vehicles. Are you passionate about Machine / Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence? Do you have a real passion for building teams and product execution? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our DL Architecture team, where you can help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
