
 
 
 
 Remote Evening General Radiologist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Remote Evening General Radiologist RADIOLOGY ASSOCIATES OF FLORIDA P.A. Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Radiology Partners is the largest and fastest growing on-site radiology practice in the US. We are an innovative practice focused on transforming how radiologists provide consistently exceptional services to hospitals, imaging centers, referring physicians and patients. With our state-of-the art clinical technology, specialized expertise, access to capital, and retention of top physician talent, Radiology Partners reliably exceeds the expectations of our clients, patients, and partners. We serve our clients with an operational focus, and, above all, a commitment to quality patient care. Our mission is: To Transform Radiology. 
 
POSITION SUMMARY 
 
Radiology Associates of Florida is seeking a Remote Diagnostic Radiologist to assist with our increasing volume in various regions of Florida. Radiology Associates of Florida (RAF) is one of the top radiology practices in Florida offering a unique combination of hospital, outpatient, academic, research and teleradiology services. The group consists of 120+ sub-specialized radiologists covering Florida in the West, North, Central and Southwest regions. 
 
The candidate would join the current team and work approximately 182 shifts per year on a typical “7 on/7 off” remote evening schedule of 3pm EST- 11pm EST. A home workstation will be provided. Our growing Emergency Radiology section is poised to provide overlapping coverage. Once fully staffed, radiologists will be able to support one another, with no single radiologist having to cover alone. Our physicians enjoy a state-of-the-art cloud-based PACS and worklist software suite that includes artificial intelligence (AI) tools and built-in colleague collaboration capabilities. They are supported by 24/7 concierge facilitators to handle all communications needs and technical issues. This is an opportunity to join a cutting edge, physician-centric practice. 
 
The position is eligible for the full range of benefits to include health insurance, 401K, med mal, etc. 
 
This position offers both employee or partnership track opportunities. 
 
POSITION DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
The ideal candidate will be comfortable reading all areas of Dx Radiology with a focus on Acute Care Radiology (Emergency Room, ICU, Trauma, etc.). 
 
DESIRED PROFESSIONAL SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 
 
 Board eligible or certified by American Board of Radiology or the American Osteopathic Board of Radiology
 Any relevant subspecialty training, or general radiologists with Emergency Radiology experience. Trauma or Emergency Radiology Fellowships are a plus, but not required. Mammography is not required. 
 Medical license in the state of FL 
 
 Radiology Partners is an equal opportunity employer. We believe in creating and celebrating a culture of belonging and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all teammates. 
 
CCPA Notice: When you submit a job application or resume, you are providing the Practice with the following categories of personal information that the Practice will use for the purpose of evaluating your candidacy for employment: (1) Personal Identifiers; and (2) Education and Employment History. RADIOLOGY ASSOCIATES OF FLORIDA P.A. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Radiologist jobs in Remote Radiologist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from RADIOLOGY ASSOCIATES OF FLORIDA P.A. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
