
 
 
 
 Entry-Level RF Engineer - Scottsdale, AZ 85257 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Entry-Level RF Engineer General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85257 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field, or equivalent experience is required. 
Candidates must be able to obtain a U.S. Department of Defense SECRET security clearance within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Successful completion of a background check and drug screen is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Developing mission-critical systems that help keep people safe is what we do. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, you’ll be part of the team that helps heroes make a true impact. The work we do is important. The challenges we face are career-defining. The opportunity we can offer is one-of-a-kind.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between. 
Rescue 21 is the Coast Guard’s advanced command, control and direction-finding communications system created to better locate mariners in distress and save lives and property at sea and on navigable rivers. By harnessing state-of-the-market technology, the General Dynamics-built Rescue 21 system enables the Coast Guard to execute its search and rescue missions with far greater agility and efficiency. 
 
As an RF Engineer on Rescue 21, you’ll participate in electrical requirements analysis, functional analysis and performance analysis for the design, integration and verification of electrical components, equipment and systems. You’ll work with systems, software, mechanical, and field engineers to support our technical engineering products through their lifecycle. 
Roles and Duties: 
Some of the opportunities you will have to use and grow your current skills include: 
Apply principles and techniques of Electrical Engineering with a focus on RF principles 
Perform electrical engineering failure analysis for electrical issues, conduct experimental tests, evaluates results to formulate and implement solutions to issues 
Evaluate product specifications and vendor capability to support product lifecycle 
Receive mentoring from senior staff 
Follow established testing processes and procedures to ensure reliability, accuracy, thorough gathering, and analysis 
Assist in the design and execution of test plans to ensure accurate and consistent system testing 
Provide remote support to Field Service Representatives on execution of test procedures and hardware troubleshooting 
Interface with project leaders and other professionals within the engineering department 
Required Qualifications: 
Familiar with standard RF test equipment (i.e., Vector Network Analyzers, Power Meters, Communication Analyzers, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, DMMs, signal sources) 
Familiar with RF system concepts (i.e. noise analysis, link budges, antenna radiation pattern analysis, propagation simulation) 
Familiar with RF measurement techniques (i.e. S-parameters, power measurements) 
Familiar with legacy analog modulation and demodulation (e.g. AM and FM) 
Familiar with math tools (i.e. Excel, MATLAB, Mathcad, etc.) 
Proficient with MS office suite 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience working with standard RF lab equipment (i.e., Vector Network Analyzers, Power Meters, Communication Analyzers, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, DMMs, signal sources) 
Experience with antenna radiation pattern analysis 
Experience with ITU terrain model propagation simulation 
Experience with MATLAB 
Experience with MS Access databases or SQL 
Experience working within a team environment 
Can perform noise analysis 
Can compute link budgets 
What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree 
Solid use of electrical engineering concepts, principles, and theories 
Proven knowledge of electrical engineering processes and design tools 
What sets you apart: 
Ability to stay ahead of technology trends 
Creative thinking with the ability to multi-task 
Solid communication skills to interact effectively with work groups, project leaders and program managers 
 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Engineer jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Scottsdale, AZ Entry Level Engineer salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
