
 
 
 
 Voice Engineer- REMOTE work - Orlando, FL 32801 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Voice Engineer- REMOTE work Aspect Software Inc 128 reviews Orlando, FL 32801 Remote Aspect Software Inc 128 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $100,000 - $150,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Aspect employs a team of passionate individuals who are changing the face of customer engagement. Over our 40-year history we have empowered employees by creating an inspired community that values customer obsession, unlocked communications and relentless innovation. Our ability to think big has enabled us to continually evolve and lead the market, and to stay on the forefront with exciting technologies including cloud, mobile and artificial intelligence. 
Job Description 
 GENERAL SCOPE & SUMMARY 
Looking for a great company to leverage your voice engineering skills? Ready to advance your career and work with real cloud networks? If you would enjoy working with carrier-grade and enterprise voice deployments, then we want to talk. 
Aspect is looking for a Voice Engineer to join the Cloud Operations team. We are looking for the best candidates interested in working with a company offering top-tier employee benefits and those who want the opportunity to work with our cloud technologies. The candidate we’re searching for will be experienced with VoIP troubleshooting, as well as voice system configurations. 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Architect, deploy and maintain Ribbon (Sonus) Session Border Controllers 
Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve VoIP performance problems 
Work with carriers to track down and resolve carrier related issues 
Interoperability testing for new carriers or customers 
Work with Senior Engineers on new projects or features. 
Troubleshoot any reported voice issues on voice backbone. 
Help organize and maintain internal systems to track issues and resolutions 
Qualifications 
 SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS 
Required: 
Experience with SIP and RTP (3+ years) 
Experience with Voice Troubleshooting (3+ years) 
Experience with Linux OS 
Ability to create voice related Network Diagrams / Ladder Diagrams 
Candidates are expected to exhibit good judgment in all cases 
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
Ability to work independently and manage workload with minimal supervision 
Ability to work extra hours if needed 
Ability to quickly learn new technologies 
Strong communication skills 
Education: Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience 
 Preferred: 
Deployment and configuration experience with Ribbon (Sonus) 5k, 7k and SWE SBCs (3+ years) 
Deployment and configuration of Ribbon (Sonus) PSX policy servers (3+ years) 
Experience with Ribbon (Sonus) WebRTC gateways. 
Experience with using Python and/or Ansible for Automation. 
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and/or Google Cloud Platform. 
Education: Associate’s or Bachelor’s Degree in relevant field of study or equivalent work experience. 
Competitive Base plus Excellent Benefits. 
This is a FULL-TIME, so Contracting or Consulting is not an option. REMOTE- anywhere in the USA. 
This position is NOT open to any 3rd party recruiters, consultants and/or staffing vendors at this time. 
TO APPLY  and for immediate consideration you may send your resume to  Alexis.Recana@Aspect.com . In the subject line: your name, Voice Engineer, city and state. 
#LI- 
The salary for this position ranges from $100,000-$150,000 and includes eligibility for discretionary performance-based bonuses. We offer generous compensation and benefits packages. Benefits include comprehensive health, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents or domestic partner. In addition, we provide a 401(k) plan, time off programs, generous paid parental leave, life insurance, disability insurance, a wellness program, flexible spending accounts, and an employee referral bonus program. For more information visit: www.aspect.com. 
#LI-AR1 
Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group. Aspect Software Inc. 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Voice Engineer jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at Aspect Software in Orlando, FL Voice Engineer salaries in Orlando, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aspect Software Inc Aspect Software Inc 128 reviews Aspect is on a mission to simplify and improve customer engagement. Our enterprise software is used by millions of agents every year and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
