
 
 
 
 Encryption Algorithm Software Engineer - Scottsdale, AZ 85257 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Encryption Algorithm Software Engineer General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85257 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree. Agile experience preferred. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Help make the technologies, products and services that make a difference. That’s the opportunity that’s waiting for you at General Dynamics Mission Systems. We help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe by creating solutions so advanced, they redefine innovation for the world. It’s an amazing challenge. And it’s waiting for you now.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between. 
 
As an Encryption Algorithm Software Engineer, you’ll perform software requirements analysis, participate in research and design, and develop and test software and tools. From inventing new products or enhancing existing applications, your talent will be front and center. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor’s in software engineering or a related technical field, plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master’s degree is required; Agile experience preferred 
Strong understanding of software engineering concepts, principles, and theories 
Solid knowledge of the software development process 
Encryption Algorithm Development Experience 
What sets you apart: 
Ability to interact effectively with project teams, managers and end users 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Solid ability to grasp and apply new information quickly and handle increasing responsibilities with growing complexity 
Creative and innovative thinking with the ability to multi-task 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Algorithm Engineer jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Scottsdale, AZ Algorithm Engineer salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
