
 
 
 
 Predoctoral Appointee - Software Engineer - Lemont, IL 60439 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Predoctoral Appointee - Software Engineer Argonne National Laboratory 200 reviews Lemont, IL 60439 Argonne National Laboratory 200 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Predoctoral Appointee - Software Engineer
 Requisition Number:  409402   Location:  Lemont, IL
 
 Functional Area:  Research and Development  Division:  DSL-Data Science and Learning Division
 
 Employment Category:  Temporary 6 Months or Greater  Shift:  8:30 - 5:00
 
 Level (Grade):  916040 
 
 Share:   Facebook  LinkedIn  Twitter 
 
 
 
 Position Description 
 
 
 Applies artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning / deep learning (ML/DL) methods to scientific problems. Uses supercomputing facilities at the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility (ALCF), including the Aurora exascale system, other GPU-based systems, as well as specialized AI hardware from vendors such as Cerebras, SambaNova, Graphcore, and Groq. Performs scalability studies, performance tuning, porting to new platforms, and incorporating new AI methods to solve scientific problems. Engages in training workshops to train Argonne scientists on the use of AI methods and running AI software on various platforms. 
 Position Requirements 
 
 
 MS in computer science, physical sciences, engineering, or related field 
Experience in programming with one or more programming languages, such as C, C++, or Python 
Experience with machine learning methods and deep learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch 
Knowledge of modern software development practices and techniques 
Strong collaboration skills and ability to work in a team environment 
Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact, Safety, Respect, Integrity, and Teamwork 
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
 
Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 
 
All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
  Back to top Argonne National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Lemont, IL Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Lemont, IL Software Engineer salaries in Lemont, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 200 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
