
 
 
 
 Pediatric Cardiology - Division Chief - Dallas, TX 75390 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Pediatric Cardiology - Division Chief UT Southwestern 1,037 reviews Dallas, TX 75390 UT Southwestern 1,037 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Department of Pediatrics at UT Southwestern Medical Center is conducting a national search for candidates to serve as Chief of the Division of Cardiology in the Department of Pediatrics, and by holding that position, as Director of the Heart Center at Children’s Health Children’s Medical Center Dallas. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to envision and realize the future growth of a well-established pediatric cardiac program – ranked by USNWR among the best in the nation – within the vibrant and growing UT Southwestern Medical Center, also routinely considered among the nation’s finest.
 
The mission of the UT Southwestern Pediatric Cardiology Division is to provide excellent, high value care to children today while advancing the field through research and innovation and educating future physicians in the care of children with cardiac and cardiovascular disorders. The Division is among the largest in the nation with 27 faculty members who drive forward clinical and scholarly programs in 1) interventional catheterization and electrophysiology, 2) fetal cardiology, 3) campus-wide congenital heart disease extending from children to adults at Clements University and Parkland Hospitals, 4) heart failure and cardiac transplantation, 5) cardiovascular disease prevention, 6) cardiac critical care medicine, 7) cardiac imaging using ECHO, CT, and MR; 8) artificial intelligence to augment patient care, and 9) quality and patient safety via multiple national registries. Clinical care delivered under a Heart Center model includes UT Southwestern Pediatric Group physicians in Critical Care Medicine, Cardiac and Thoracic Surgery, Cardiac Anesthesia, Diagnostic Radiology, and Cardiovascular Genetics.
 
The primary site of clinical care is Children’s Health Children’s Medical Center Dallas, one of the nation’s largest children’s hospitals, and outreach efforts expand the program reach to Plano and several other sites in the region. With a 22-bed telemetry unit, a 32-bed Cardiac Intensive Care Unit, 2 cardiac catheterization labs, a 1.5T cardiac MRI scanner in close proximity to enable MRI-guided cardiac catheterization, and approximately 12,000 clinic visits/year, the Pediatric Cardiology faculty have resources sufficient to meet present and future needs of children across the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex, with a population of more than 6,000,000 and growing.
 
The Department of Pediatrics at UT Southwestern has a long and rich history that is interwoven with the roots of Southwestern Medical School and with the development and growth of Children's Health, our primary clinical partner. The Department is structured into 17 academic divisions, consisting of approximately 300 faculty members and several clinical multidisciplinary programs to cover the full spectrum of child health and disease.
 
UT Southwestern, one of the nation’s premier academic medical centers, is located just a short drive from downtown Dallas. The campus integrates pioneering biomedical research with exceptional clinical care and education. The institution’s faculty number more than 2,700 and includes six who have been awarded Nobel Prizes since 1985, 24 members of the National Academy of Sciences, 16 members of the National Academy of Medicine, and 13 investigators in the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. UT Southwestern physicians provide medical care in about 80 specialties to more than 105,000 hospitalized patients, nearly 370,000 emergency room cases, and oversee approximately 3 million outpatient visits a year. Many are cared for in the three major hospitals on campus: Clements University Hospital, Parkland Medical Center, and Children’s Medical Center Dallas.
 
Applicants will be considered for appointment in one of the UT Southwestern academic tracks at the Associate Professor or Professor level with or without tenure, commensurate with professional accomplishments and status in the field. Applicants must be eligible for licensure in the state of Texas and must be board certified in Pediatric Cardiology.
 
Interested applicants should apply online at (search for Job # 504366 and upload a curriculum vitae and a letter of interest.
 
UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. As an equal opportunity employer, UT Southwestern prohibits unlawful discrimination, including discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or veteran status. To learn more, please visit: why-work-here/diversity-inclusion/ . UT Southwestern Medical Center 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Division Chief jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at UT Southwestern in Dallas, TX Division Chief salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from UT Southwestern UT Southwestern 1,037 reviews The Future of Medicine, Today: Make It Your Future

For more than 75 years, UT Southwestern Medical Center has been healing, discoverin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
