
 
 
 
 SAP STS and MTS Lead - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP STS and MTS Lead Capgemini 8,255 reviews Chicago, IL 60606 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
DTS and MTS lead to backfill for a contractor. Must be willing to work with a Cannabis manufacturing client. Required skills and experiences: 
S/4HANA full implementation experience 
Strong team lead and communications skills 
Experience to direct and manage the client team and the off-shore CG team 
Experience in at least one of the following Consumer Packaged Goods industry / Food and Beverage / Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences 
Make-to-Stock manufacturing experience 
Willingness and capability to quickly learn and understand the clients unique business (Cannabis cultivation and manufacturing of Cannabis products, batch tracing, paying attention to quality management) 
Provide guidance to the MTS consultant on the team 
Familiar with Agile / iCaptivate Agile Hybrid implementation methodology. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job SAP Lead jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL SAP Lead salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
