
 
 
 
 Software Development Manager - Robotics - Louisville, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Manager - Robotics Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Louisville, CO Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $122,200 - $160,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Master's Degree plus 5+ years of industry experience) in Engineering, Technology, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Robotics, Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics or a related quantitative field 
 3+ years of experience robot control or planning software. 
 5+ years of experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language and/or Machine Learning 
 Experience directly managing scientists and/or machine learning engineers 
 
A part of Amazon's Robotics Artificial Intelligence, Canvas Technology is using spatial AI to provide end-to-end autonomous delivery of goods. By using state-of-the-art cameras and other sensors, the system perceives its surroundings with unrivaled vision and fidelity. The system combines a mix of high-performance sensors with simultaneous localization and mapping software that builds and continuously updates maps in real-time, completely automatically. It has the capability to ‘see’ and identify different objects, people, vehicles, and places as it moves and react to moving people and vehicles in an intelligent way.
 
We are seeking an experienced Software Development Manager to help guide and lead our team of motion planning scientists and engineers. In this role, you will be expected to help define a team direction for robot planning algorithms, object avoidance and congestion management strategies. This will include providing guidance on system architecture and algorithm selection or design. A successful candidate will have strong technical ability, scientific vision, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a dynamic, collaborative environment.
 
You will be an integral part of the core robotics team and work with others to implement robot motion planning systems above and beyond the current state-of-the-art in the field.
 
If you are an experienced Applied Science Manager, have a track record of delivering to timelines with high quality, are comfortable providing technical direction, have mentored and grown engineers and are deeply technical and innovative, we want to talk to you.
 
 
 PhD and 5+ years’ experience leading a mix if scientists and engineers 
 Proven experience producing computationally efficient software to meet real-time requirements. 
 Track record delivering complex algorithms on embedded devices. 
 Experience in robotics or autonomous vehicles and strong industry background. 
 Understanding of machine learning techniques and how they can be applied to motion planning. 
 Proven track record of managing science teams, hiring and developing science talent 
 
The pay range for this position in Colorado is $122,200 - $160,000/yr. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.
 
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineering Manager jobs in Louisville, CO Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Louisville, CO Software Engineering Manager salaries in Louisville, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
