
 
 
 
 Affiliate Marketing Manager - Remote US - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Affiliate Marketing Manager - Remote US Seamless.AI 9 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Seamless.AI 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
As an Affiliate Marketing Manager you will have the opportunity to work with one of the most talented marketing teams across the country. You will have the opportunity to manage our entire affiliate marketing program including the strategy, development, and implementation of campaigns, maintain and grow our affiliate marketing partners, and continually analyze the program’s performance. We are looking for an experienced Affiliate Marketing Manager that can work in a fast-paced environment, pivot priorities quickly, and has grown an affiliate marketing program to seven figures. 
About Seamless 
Seamless delivers the world’s best sales leads. Through our product, we help sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. 
The Seamless Family 
We have an amazing culture and work environment. We foster positivity, professional growth and thrive on continuous feedback. We are dedicated to doing whatever it takes to help our team and customers be successful. You will grow as an individual and professionally, as an Affiliate Marketing Manager. You will also be able to see and feel the impact you are making to the growth of Seamless every day! 
 Affiliate Marketing Manager Responsibilities:
 Develop and implement strategies to drive referral/partner acquisition, conversion and efficiency via affiliate marketing programs 
Drive recruitment and business development efforts to identify and establish relationships with new affiliate partners.
 Develop and execute strategy across the affiliate marketing program. 
Collaborate with internal cross-functional teams for campaign approvals and coordination.
 Regularly analyze data and metrics to identify key opportunities to improve KPI performance, increase scale, and enhance efficiency of marketing spend.
 Develop robust test & learning plans to improve performance and marketing spend efficiencies, based on data & analytical insights.
 Own direct relationship with top affiliate partners and external vendors/agencies.
 Excellent strategic planning skills with the ability to identify, prioritize, and articulate high impact campaigns and initiatives. 
Drive innovation with partners to get them excited to promote the #1 Contact List Building Tool that all sales professionals need to 10X their sales!
 Qualifications:
 3-5 years of digital marketing experience 
Knowledge of affiliate space and how to optimize partnerships to drive performance across various affiliate models 
Highly analytical mindset with an understanding of acquisition funnel, performance marketing KPI’s, and profitability levers 
Excellent Excel and PowerPoint skills 
Must have a proven track record of driving projects from start to finish 
Strong partner or client management skills 
Passion for innovation, creative problem solving, and building strong relationships with both internal and external stakeholders 
Flexibility & ability to work in a fast paced and dynamic environment 
 You'll fit right in with our marketing team, if you:
 Do whatever it takes to support and achieve team goals. 
Are never happy with the status quo and always challenging yourself and team members to new limits. 
Are a team player with an entrepreneurial spirit - quick to adapt to changing needs 
 Seamless.AI has been delivering the world's best sales leads since 2015. Our product is the first real time, B2B search engine helping sales teams maximize revenue, increase sales, and easily acquire their total addressable market using artificial intelligence. We have been recognized as one of Ohio’s fastest growing companies and won 2020 Best Places to Work and LinkedIn’s Top 50 Tech Startups 2020. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Visa Sponsorship is not included in our hiring package. Applicants will need to be authorized to work in the U.S. Seamless.AI 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Affiliate Marketing Manager jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Seamless.AI in Columbus, OH Affiliate Marketing Manager salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Seamless.AI Seamless.AI 9 reviews Seamless.AI is an emerging tech startup that helps B2B companies research, prospect, connect and close new deals - faster and easier than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
