
 
 
 
 Senior Functional Test Analyst - Richmond, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Functional Test Analyst Capgemini 8,255 reviews Richmond, VA Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Must have Skills: Functional Testing 
Nice to have Skills: Test Automation (TOSCA) 
Creating Test Plan for the projects. 
Understanding the Requirements after discussion with customer stakeholders. 
Documenting Test Scenarios and getting this reviewed with the customer stakeholders. 
Documenting Test Scripts and getting this reviewed by the customer stakeholders. 
Coordinating with the offshore team and share the Functional knowledge to the team. 
Review the artifacts shared by the offshore team before sharing it with the customers. 
Provide testing estimates to the customer. 
Responsible person for meeting project deadlines and escalating issue to the customers and provide solutions. 
Conduct weekly status review with the customer stakeholders and discuss on the project progress and issues. 
Share daily status updates on testing progress to the customer management team. 
Document and share UAT Approval Document after testing completion for different projects. 
Be part of all Agile ceremonies and lead the team. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Test Analyst jobs in Richmond, VA Jobs at Capgemini in Richmond, VA Senior Test Analyst salaries in Richmond, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
