
 
 
 
 Amazon Robotics Buyer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Amazon Robotics Buyer Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree in Business, Operations, Supply Chain Management, Engineering or related field. 
 Experience working in a manufacturing operations environment in sourcing, procurement, or other applicable supply chain function. 
 Demonstrated ability to work in a ambiguous environment while prioritizing and managing multiple stakeholders, responsibilities, and delivering multiple first-of-their-kind programs with accelerated schedules. 
 Familiarity with world-class sourcing methods and tools. 
 Experience with Continuous Improvement and/or Lean Six Sigma methodologies. 
 Experience working with ERP systems. 
 Highly effective oral and written communication skills. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
The Amazon Robotics Supply Chain organization sources and manufactures a portfolio of robotics technology and is responsible for getting the right materials to the right place, at the right time to support our network of global solutions. It’s a operation that works cross-functionally with teams across Amazon globally, and is driven by data and metrics.
 
The Supply Chain team is seeking a Buyer who will lead essential procurement activities in support of mechatronic technology projects. This role will be focused on purchase order (PO) issuance and management and supply chain analysis in support of Engineering teams and Category Managers. They will ensure correct PO placement and monitor PO status, which will enable reporting on overall spend and trends. The ideal candidate will possess both technical background that enables them to work and develop technology and a demonstrated ability to think broadly and strategically about global initiatives. They will have experience with a wide range of problem solving situations, strategic to real-time, requiring understanding of technical infrastructure and stakeholder expectations.
 
In addition, they will collaborate in the design of systems and tools to streamline procurement processes. The candidate will know and enjoy working with business intelligence (BI) tools and can partner with customers to answer key business questions. Key leadership traits required include the ability to influence and form partnerships with business leaders and operational excellence in managing multiple complex and competing priorities simultaneously. This role will support internal stakeholders in both Europe and North America.
 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
 
 Actively support and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 Partner with internal stakeholders to develop purchase requirements, submit Purchase Orders (POs), identify potential suppliers, and participate in supplier performance management. 
 Develop efficient and accurate systems and reporting for monitoring POs and delivery requirements. 
 Actively manage various tools launch, support configuration and provide expert advice for procurement needs. 
 Actively identify improvements, cost savings, and working capital and process optimizations. 
 Work with Category Management and Engineering to gather requirements and deliver complete data analytical solutions. 
 Learn why customers are asking for data and what their underlying questions and business goals are. 
 Own the design, development, and maintenance of existing and new tools, metrics and analyses used to drive key business decisions. 
 Recognize and adopt best practices, including data integrity, accuracy, and reliability, as well as documentation 
 Experience working with PLM Systems, preferably Agile. 
 Experience working with Oracle EBS. 
 Relishes ambiguity and change; devises frameworks to resolve work streams and prioritize projects. 
 Experience working with Tableau analytics. 
 Ability to be innovative in issues related to strategic sourcing, vendor relations, quality assurance and the associated measurement systems. 
 Analytical skills (i.e. cost modeling, quotation analysis, supplier selection). 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 30 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Buyer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Buyer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
