
 
 
 
 Application Support - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Support Capgemini 8,255 reviews Chicago, IL 60606 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Act as a subject matter expert on Point-Of-Sale (POS) & Kiosk applications providing technical guidance to varying audiences (e.g. business users, QA, POS vendors, management). 
Provide level-3.5 issue triage to get to root cause to move to development team for fixes. 
Participate in integration, release management and packaging of U.S. Store Systems products. 
Participate in product design reviews to provide input on functional requirements, product designs, schedules, or potential problems. 
Participate in the requirements analysis, design and deployment to provide non-functional requirements and guidance on the impact of changes being requested. 
Assess effectiveness of the technical solution and processes to identify opportunities for improvement. 
Perform other duties as required. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Support Engineer jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL Application Support Engineer salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
