
 
 
 
 Tax Accountant - Roseville, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tax Accountant FICO 168 reviews Roseville, MN Remote FICO 168 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 Job Description
 Role: Tax Accountant
 The Opportunity
 "FICO is looking for a Corporate Tax Accountant to join our tight-knit tax team located in Roseville, MN with the option of working from home. This position will report to the Senior Tax Manager and will be responsible for reporting and analysis related to federal, state and international income tax. The position provides the opportunity to gain a variety of experiences for the foundation of a well-rounded tax professional, while working within a fun, flexible and rewarding global organization.” – Tax, Sr Manager
 What You’ll Contribute
 Accumulate and synthesize information for preparing income tax returns, quarterly estimated payments and extensions.
 Assist with implementation of tax planning and compliance projects.
 Assist in investigating and responding to tax notices from the various jurisdictions.
 Assist in organization of tax department files, including tax calendars, tax payments/refunds trackers, and all other tax department files.
 Research federal and state tax matters and provide recommendations concerning treatment and operating procedures.
 Assist in gathering data and performing detailed book to tax difference calculations to support quarterly consolidated provision process.
 Team with other tax department personnel and/or company personnel as needed for special projects.
 What We’re Seeking
 Bachelor’s degree in Accounting required.
 Experience working in a corporate tax environment; experience with tax compliance (tax return preparation) preferred.
 Experience with Word, Excel (Pivot Tables, VLookups).
 Familiarity with Oracle, Corptax (or similar) Income Tax Software preferred.
 Knowledge of corporate income tax, both federal and state preferred.
 Demonstrates ability to work independently and in a team environment.
 Demonstrates experience managing various projects simultaneously while tracking individual progress towards a goal.
 CPA is preferred but not a requirement.
 Our Offer to You
 A culture and work environment strongly reflecting our core values: Act Like an Owner, Delight Our Customers and Earn the Respect of Others.
 The opportunity to make a difference by leveraging your unique strengths.
 Highly competitive compensation and rewards.
 Flexible work options, opportunities to give back to your community, social events with colleagues and a comprehensive benefits program inclusive of progressive parental leave.
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tax Accountant jobs in Roseville, MN Jobs at FICO in Roseville, MN Tax Accountant salaries in Roseville, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 168 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
