
 
 
 
 Technology & Innovation Stock Analyst - Baltimore, MD 21201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technology & Innovation Stock Analyst Beacon Street Services Baltimore, MD 21201 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview: 
InvestorPlace is currently looking for a  technology and innovation-focused stock analyst  to lead a new financial research franchise. Our goal is to create a hugely successful research franchise that helps investors make money in the ever-changing world of technology. 
Investor interest in technological innovation and its ability to create wealth quickly is very high. Thanks to innovations in 5G, IoT, space travel, artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, augmented reality, blockchain, cryptocurrencies, nanotechnology, batteries, solar energy, and biotechnology, we believe it will stay high for a long, long time. 
InvestorPlace is looking for an experienced equity analyst that can recommend winning technology investments, write insightful research reports, and show people what the near future has in store. 
 A passion for technological innovation is a must for this role. Our ideal candidate is someone that reads research reports on innovations in artificial intelligence, blockchain, and autonomous vehicles for fun. 
 
Responsibilities:
 Regularly produce investment reports that detail forecasted growth in emerging technologies, plus include actionable investment ideas related to those technologies. Produce regular updates on recommended companies. Occasionally travel for relevant conferences and company visits. Appear in marketing related to his/her research products. Appear in both editorial and marketing related videos. 
Qualifications:
 
The following is a list of qualifications the ideal candidate may have: 
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or related field 
Experience at Enterprise Technology Company 
Experience at a Venture Capital Firm 
Experience as a technology analyst for a financial institution (preferably a buy side firm like a hedge fund or mutual fund) 
More than 5 past successful investment recommendations or successful personal investments 
Several past successful private company investments 
Previous experience or desire to be on camera to produce video content 
About Us 
InvestorPlace is one of the largest, smartest, fastest moving financial publishers on the planet. 
Started over 40 years ago, we publish detailed research and recommendations for self-directed investors, financial advisors and money managers. 
The InvestorPlace business model is very straightforward: We publish our ideas (via a subscription model) with the aim of enriching and educating investors. If we do our jobs well, our customers stick around. It’s a simple, transparent business model investors have loved since the 1970s. 
InvestorPlace editors and analysts have varied backgrounds in the financial industry. They have worked as hedge fund managers, financial advisors, and securities analysts. 
Many of the world’s top media outlets have taken notice of our ideas over the years. The work of our analysts has been profiled in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Bloomberg, Time, MarketWatch, Barron’s and USA Today. 
Inside our company’s DNA, you’ll find a relentless focus on respectfulness, hustle, hard work, adaptability, clear communication, data analytics, open mindedness, and creativity. 
Our committment: 
As an employer committed to equal opportunity and a diverse workforce, all qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Beacon Street Services 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technology Analyst jobs in Baltimore, MD Jobs at Beacon Street Services in Baltimore, MD Technology Analyst salaries in Baltimore, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Beacon Street Services Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
