
 
 
 
 System Specalist - Bothell, WA 98011 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Specalist Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,106 reviews Bothell, WA 98011 Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,106 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description System Specialist Role
 
Role Description
 
A System Specialist is a domain specific subject-matter expert in functionality, features, and purpose of tools, applications, and infrastructure. They are expected to improve processes by finding ways to better utilize existing tools or by suggesting better configuration, additional features, or functionality.
 
Role & Responsibilities
 
Draft tools requirements documents (ORDs).
 
Conduct black-box testing of new tool features and provide detailed feedback.
 
Manage domain issue configurations, configuration file s, and run batch issue creation/mutation scripts, Read/Create regular expressions
 
Support Data Technicians by creating and improving configurations to improve daily workflows.
 
Use skills to support the data processing lifecycle from ingestion to submission.
 
Document and quantify the impact of suggested feature/functionality or infrastructure changes.
 
Use of SQL, Javascript & object oriented programming concepts, Python and Suggest snippets to improve the code and application / tool functionality ; Refine to implement algorithms to improve edit outputs
 
Build and maintain data pipeline(s) as required
 
Triage and debug complex issues impeding workflows, and resolve and document edge-cases
 
Cross pollinate tooling solutions throughout teams and projects.
 
Leverage Machine Learning and artificial intelligence output data to continually improve system tooling and workflows
 
Experience / Skills
 
6 months - 2 years of experience
 
High school graduate or equivalent
 Technological savviness - with knowledge of - troubleshooting step s (for any app/tool) , experience and expertise in SQL, Javascript / Appscript
 Knowledge of object oriented programming concepts implementation (C, C++ etc) and python
 
Deep understanding of feature protos and ability to understand the technical architecture
 Strong problem-solving skills and excellent attention to detail, reasoning and analytical thinking , ability to deep dive into data and derive insights
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills with ability to interact multiple stakeholders
 Comfortable with a rapidly-changing environment
 Basic understanding of Data science packages (NumPy, Pandas) and frameworks (PySpark, Tensor flow)
 
Cognizant will only consider applicants for this position whom are legally authorized to work in the United States without requiring company sponsorship now or at any time in the future.
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  May 24 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 194 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Systems Integration Specialist jobs in Bothell, WA Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in Bothell, WA Systems Integration Specialist salaries in Bothell, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cognizant Technology Solutions Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,106 reviews Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients'​ business, operating an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
