
 
 
 
 AI Conversation Designer - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Conversation Designer Drift 5 reviews Tampa, FL Remote Drift 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About Drift 
 
Drift is the Revenue Acceleration platform that uses Conversational Marketing and Conversational Sales to help companies grow revenue and increase customer lifetime value, faster. More than 50,000 businesses use Drift to align sales and marketing on a single platform to deliver a unified customer experience where people are free to have a conversation with a business at any time, on their terms. Our mission is to use conversations to make business buying frictionless, more enjoyable, and more human. 
 
About the team 
 
The Conversation Design team is at the forefront of Drift’s Artificial Intelligence solution, Drift Automation. Team members are tasked with tagging, analyzing, and gathering insights from conversation data - then, use those learnings to build unique experiences for our customers. 
 
About the role 
 
We are looking for someone to join our AI team at Drift! We’re reinventing marketing and sales using messaging and AI. 
 
This role is brand new to Drift, and to the industry as a whole. You’ll be working with our engineering team and our scientists to create the world’s leading conversational artificial intelligence. You’ll work with customers to understand how the AI is working for them and help teach our system to work even better. You’ll review transcripts and find places where the bot is doing great and places where it could use some help, and identify what information is missing to make it even better. 
 
While in this role you’ll get an opportunity to carve out a new job family and help create an entirely new business from scratch working with our incredible team of product, engineering and science leaders. 
 
By month 3 you'll 
 
 Be familiar with the custom tools and resources used by Conversation Designers to annotate and analyze data and build our AI Bots. 
 Become a Conversational Marketing expert, able to write out concise copy and engage customers with creative marketing approaches. 
 Build amazing AI Bots for our customers that leverage your understanding of Conversational Marketing and our tools 
 
 By month 6 you'll 
 
 Own the end-to-end implementation of our AI Bots on your customer’s accounts; be the strategic contact for AI escalations and help Enterprise-level customers see the value behind your work. 
 Work with other designers to troubleshoot technical issues and solve design problems and find creative ways to drive positive outcomes for your customers. 
 
 By month 12 you’ll 
 
 Be the face of Automation implementation for new customers, moving multiple accounts through key milestones and tracking learnings in real time. 
 Train with fellow designers and discover opportunities to make the work of a designer easier. 
 Advocate for your customers and work directly with product managers and engineers to influence our product roadmap 
 
 About you and what type of skills you’ll need: 
 
 Love learning new things 
 Want to dive into the world of AI 
 Enjoy detail oriented tasks 
 Have strong, clear communication skills 
 Can solve problems even when you don’t have all of the information 
 
 Drift is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. 
 
We know that applying for a new job can be intimidating. But guess what? At Drift, there is no such thing as an “ideal candidate.” We believe in the power of teamwork - and in the desire to learn something new every day. We believe in hiring people, not just skills. Take it from our CEO. 
 
If this sounds like a company you would like to join and a role you would thrive in, please don’t hold back from applying! Whatever skills you bring to the table or background you’re coming from, we welcome you to start a conversation with us. We need your unique perspective for our continued innovation and success. We’re looking forward to learning more about you! 
 
Drift is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at disabilities@drift.com Drift 16 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at Drift in Tampa, FL Designer salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Drift Drift 5 reviews Drift is the Revenue Acceleration platform that uses Conversational Marketing and Conversational Sales to help companies grow revenue and... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
