
 
 
 
 Researcher - Vehicle Cybersecurity - Warren, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher - Vehicle Cybersecurity General Motors 9,000 reviews Warren, MI General Motors 9,000 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About GM 
There’s never been a more exciting time to work for General Motors. 
 
To achieve our vision of a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion, we need people to join us who are passionate about creating safer, better and more sustainable ways for people to get around. This bold vision won’t happen overnight, but just as we transformed how the world moved in the last century, we are committed to transforming how we move today and in the future. 
Why Work for Us 
Our culture is focused on building inclusive teams, where differences and unique perspectives are embraced so you can contribute to your fullest potential as you pursue your career. Our locations feature a variety of work environments, including open work spaces and virtual connection platforms to inspire productivity and flexible collaboration. And we are proud to support our employees volunteer interests, and make it a priority to join together in efforts that give back to our communities. 
Job Description 
Electronic Controls and Software (ECS) Architectures are important enablers that allow automobile manufacturers to provide advanced features to their customers. Automated Driving, Collision Avoidance Systems, Vehicle Connectivity, and On-board Infotainment are areas of major electronic growth in automotive. 
This research position will support the analysis of new ECS system architectures, technologies, and features from a cybersecurity standpoint and thereby enables the secure development, and deployment of new technology and new functionality. 
You will be involved in the preliminary analysis of potential security threats, the definition of cybersecurity driven design requirements or constraints, and contributions to the architecture design for security robustness. 
You will work closely with our Product Cybersecurity engineering organization, constantly strive to truly understand our cybersecurity needs, and relentlessly drive the results of R&D cybersecurity work into our products. 
If this is you, apply today! 
What You Do 
The role requires covering a wide-ranging, diverse set of cybersecurity topics, including topics where significant exploration and research is required: 
Security of the GM’s next generation vehicle electrical and software architecture (Vehicle Intelligence Platform). This includes the system-level integration of cybersecurity technologies developed for computational hardware, software architectures, serial communications protocols, and sensor and actuator interfaces and may include work related to security aspects of multi-tenancy and co-hosted applications 
Cybersecurity work related to autonomous vehicles and artificial intelligence (i.e. Sensor Spoofing and Adversarial AI) 
Analyze and assess communication technology specific cybersecurity risks (e.g. 5G related) and introduce controls for mitigation 
Cybersecurity assessment related to R&D projects and advanced technology work (ATW projects). Conduct security threat analysis of R&D projects and ATW projects and ensure cybersecurity requirements are considered in the early stages of ECS designs 
Contribute to the mission of the corporate cybersecurity strategy and technology roadmaps 
Supervise prototype implementation activities in benches and vehicles 
Scout and evaluate innovative technologies for the specified research areas 
Effectively communicate results and progress in written and oral form 
Document results of individual and team efforts for internal and external publications or patents 
Procure and manage any required external contractor support. 
Additional Job Description 
What You Need 
Advanced Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field, or a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering 
5+ years of relevant industrial or academic experience focused in cybersecurity 
A strong theoretical background in cybersecurity 
Working knowledge of cryptography 
Experience with cybersecurity in the context of several of the following areas: Distributed compute systems, embedded systems, vehicle electrical architectures, in-vehicle communication systems, and cloud protocols 
Experience with Cybersecurity assessments of communication technology and protocols 
Good teamwork skills and experience in project management. 
Good verbal and written skills in English 
What Would Be Even Better 
PhD 
Cybersecurity experience focused on the Vehicle Intelligence Platform and/or autonomous vehicles 
Benefits Overview 
The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others: 
 Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents; Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family; Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement; Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
 Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing; Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends. 
Diversity Information 
General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities. GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statements 
The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us at Careers.Accommodations@GM.com . In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. General Motors 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Warren, MI Jobs at General Motors in Warren, MI Researcher salaries in Warren, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Motors General Motors 9,000 reviews Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that wil... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
