
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Dayton, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Project Support Services, Inc. Dayton, OH Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
 Alion Science and Technology is seeking an experienced, senior or principal software computer science or software engineer to become a strategic partner of a five-member subject matter expert (SME) team to support homeland defense strategic test and evaluation (T&E) initiatives at the Air Force Institute of Technology (AFIT). AFIT, in partnership with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), formed a Homeland Security Community of Best Practices (HS CoBP) strategic team to assemble/lead a community of government, industry, and academic experts to assess future homeland threats to inform T&E plans across eight DHS T&E capability areas. 
 Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems 
 Cyber Security and Resilience 
 Information Technology 
 Artificial Intelligence and Autonomous Systems 
 Cloud Technologies 
 Systems Reliability 
 Sub-terrain (Cross Border Tunnels) Detection Technologies 
 Chemical Biological Radiological Nuclear and Explosives Detection and Interdiction 
 
 The HS CoBP team is born out of the innovative approaches to test planning and follow-on data analytics within AFIT’s eight-year-old Scientific Test and Analysis Techniques Center of Excellence (STAT COE). As the senior software computer science or software engineer HS CoBP team member, the candidate will function as a knowledge integrator, leveraging their knowledge, experience, education, and new position in AFIT to bring together the best T&E and capability area experts to establish a strategic T&E plan that anticipates rapidly changing homeland threats. Each capability area T&E plan will function as a playbook for DHS programs, and will include best practices, lessons learned, and identify subject matter expert reach-back for specialized systems, test planning, and data analysis. 
 Required: 
 A senior or principal software engineering or software computer science candidate with experience in strategic high level software design work and a strong understanding of software quality assurance (Q&A) and software T&E to include automated tests. 
 Background experience should be broad, demonstrating experience in operational software systems and its vulnerabilities across the  eight capability areas  listed above. 
 Masters in a technical discipline (i.e. computer science, engineering, etc.); the team will balance education against highly specialized knowledge or unique experiences 
 Minimum of ten years of experience in software computer science, software engineering, or a related field. Additional experience in strategic planning a plus 
 Strategic thinker with ability to focus on the analysis of critical factors and variables to influence the long-term success of an organization. 
 Strong technical research and writing skills to prepare authoritative works 
 Exceptional interpersonal and team building skills to lead a community of disparate subject matter experts across industry, academia, and government 
 
 Preferred: 
 PhD in a technical discipline (i.e. computer science, engineering, etc.); the team will balance education against highly specialized knowledge or unique experiences 
 DAWIA, advanced or senior level III in engineering, information technology, test and evaluation, or the like a plus 
 Fifteen years of experience in software computer science, software engineering, or a related field 
 Direct experience in cyber security and resilience, information technology, Cloud technologies, and/or systems reliability 
 
 Security Clearance: 
 Candidates must be a U.S. Citizen. The position is unclassified but will require the candidate to obtain a higher-level U.S. Government clearance in the future. Project Support Services, Inc. 13 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Dayton, OH Jobs at Project Support Services in Dayton, OH Software Engineer salaries in Dayton, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Project Support Services, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
