
 
 
 
 Integration Architect - Santa Monica, CA 90404 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Integration Architect Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Santa Monica, CA 90404 Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 8+ years designing, building, and maintaining distributed software systems. 
 6 + years of recent coding experience in any of the following languages: Java, C#, Node.js, Python, or Ruby 
 4+ years working with AWS Services. 
 Experience creating and supporting Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipelines 
 Experience designing and building event-driven architectures, preferably with AWS Lambda 
 Experience as a Tech Lead and a key decider in project implementation decisions. 
 
Would you like a career that gives you opportunities to help Media and Entertainment (M&E) customers leverage the Amazon Web Services (AWS) platform to bring digital transformation for their video and content workloads in the cloud? Do you like to work on a variety of cloud services, building and implementing solutions on top of the AWS platform?
 
Amazon Web Services is looking for experienced Integration Architects, who have developed and maintained software in production environments, to help M&E customers accelerate their own success in the AWS Cloud. This builder position will join the Professional Services delivery team focused on AWS’s industry changing efforts in Production (Pre and Post), Broadcast, Media Supply Chain, Distribution and Data Science. This is an excellent opportunity to join Amazon’s world class technical teams, working with some of the best and brightest engineers while also developing your skills and furthering your career within one of the most innovative and progressive technology companies.
 
As an M&E Integration Architect at AWS, you will have the opportunity to take AWS products, 3rd party products, and build solutions on top of Amazon’s cloud computing services (Amazon EC2, Amazon S3/Glacier, Amazon CloudFront, AWS Elemental Media Services, AWS Lambda, Amazon DynamoDB, AWS Thinkbox, and EC2 Spot, etc.) within our largest media customers. Integration Architects on our team have 8+ years of development and experience typically with 2+ years of video based workflow experience.
 
 What you’ll do: 
 
 Identify platform gaps and lead development of solutions built on top of AWS core products for core video and media workloads. 
 Provide integration of AWS solutions into customer environments based on architectures and designs. 
 Contribute software and “Infrastructure as Code” into a CI/CD pipeline, along with documentation, to allow us to hand over the solution to the customer. 
 Participate and lead pre-sale customer evaluations and discussions as a subject matter expert on AWS solutions. 
 Work closely with pre-sales technical teams, to ensure solutions are well-architected and can be successfully delivered. 
 Coordinate and lead internal solution design review processes. 
 Publish and present solutions in large forums of peers and customers. 
 Act as a technical liaison with third-party vendors to understand integration requirements and implement custom solutions. 
 Interact with our customers to ensure design, integration, quality, and deployment expectations are met / exceeded. 
 
This is a customer facing role. You will be required to travel to client locations and deliver professional services when needed.
 
 
 2+ years of experience with video and media workflows in Production (Pre and Post), Broadcast, Media Supply Chain, Distribution or Data Science. 
 4+ years of experience in a customer-facing role 
 Experience working for a Studio, Broadcaster, or Service Provider focused on delivering video workflows. 
 Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with CTOs, IT management, and developers. 
 Experience integrating Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning into video workflows. 
 Active contributor to open source projects. 
 AWS Certification. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Santa Monica, CA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Santa Monica, CA Software Architect salaries in Santa Monica, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
