
 
 
 
 Cyber AI/ML Software Engineer - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cyber AI/ML Software Engineer Penn State University 1,421 reviews University Park, PA Penn State University 1,421 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 We are searching for a Cyber AI/ML Software Engineer to join our Cyber/Intelligence and Analytics Operations (CIAO) Department at the Applied Research Laboratory (ARL) at Penn State University. CIAO is a newly formed department focused on creating cutting edge cyber capabilities utilizing data analytics. Our work develops innovative knowledge discovery, anticipatory capabilities, and interpretable analytics with the goal of shortening the path from data to decision-making for our sponsors. We are looking for people interested in using their skill and experience to find creative solutions to hard problems. This position could be located in State College, PA or Reston, VA.
 You will …
 Provide design, development, integration, test and delivery expertise to software and systems engineering challenges with a strong background in algorithm and analytics development
 Provide high quality solutions to a variety of sponsors, with an emphasis on operationalizing research concepts at scale
 Review and contribute to proposals, technical reports, status reports, and other programmatic and administrative documents
 Coordinate with sponsors and team members to identify risks, issues, requirements, and design solutions for project-level activity on a day to day basis
 This job will be filled as a level 3 or level 4 depending upon the successful candidate's competencies, education, and experience. Typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher in an Engineering or Science discipline plus five years’ related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience for a level 3. Additional experience and/or education and competencies are required for higher level jobs. A Master's or Doctorate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics or Mathematics is preferred.
 Additional responsibilities for a level 4 include:
 Independently manage projects comprised of multidisciplinary engineering team
 Ability to apply best engineering practices to supply high quality solutions to our sponsors on time and on budget
 Contribute to and lead complex systems design and development
 Requirements include:
 Working knowledge in one or more of the following: Python, Java, C/C++, C#, and Rust.
 Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication and presentation skills
 Well-organized, independent and ready to work with minimal supervision
 Inquisitive, proactive, and interested in learning new tools and techniques
 Preferred skills include:
 Leadership in personnel and financial management
 Working in the DoD/IC Community
 Adept understanding of DevOps
 Natural language processing, novel algorithms, analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning.
 Working with Atlassian products (JIRA, Bitbucket, Confluence)
 Familiarity with Linux, Windows, , anaconda and jupyter labs
 Ensuring reliable data collection; monitoring and auditing integrity of data throughout its lifecycle
 Data structures and organization for fast, high throughput processing
 ARL at Penn State is an integral part of one of the leading research universities in the nation and serves as a University center of excellence in defense science, systems, and technologies with a focus in naval missions and related areas.
 You will be subject to a government security investigation, and you must be a U.S. citizen to apply. Employment with the ARL will require successful completion of a pre-employment drug screen.
 ARL is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion; we believe this is central to our success as a Department of Defense designated University Affiliated Research Center (UARC). We are at our best when we draw on the talents of all parts of society, and our greatest accomplishments are achieved when diverse perspectives are part of our workforce.
 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION on ARL, visit our web site at www.arl.psu.edu .
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA
 Reston, VA, VA
 University Park, PA
 , Penn State University 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Software Engineer salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,421 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
