
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Engineer - Emeryville, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Engineer Change Healthcare 1,170 reviews Emeryville, CA Change Healthcare 1,170 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Transforming the future of healthcare isn’t something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact. 
As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities. 
Here at Change Healthcare, we’re using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life. 
 
 If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. 
Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all. 
Empower Your Future. Make a Difference. 
Title:  Sr. Machine Learning (Al / ML) Engineer 
Overview of Position 
The Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning (AI / ML) Engineer will be responsible for building Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science Products and Solution for Change Healthcare. We’re looking for engineers with a passion for Artificial Intelligence to help drive a new generation of data and machine learning enabled services and products to impact healthcare. 
You will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists and engineers specializing in deep learning, active learning, and classical machine learning on one of the richest data sets in US healthcare. You'll be equipped with nearly limitless cloud compute resources and be expected to deliver business impact through implementation of a large pipeline of AI models. 
The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Python, have experience working with large data sets, and have experience in building and deploying data-driven solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the team-first, and have demonstrated success in using data science to develop and deploy solutions with a focus on impact. 
 
What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job? 
Provide technical leadership and implementation for Software Engineering projects supporting our AI and machine learning goals 
Modifies, implements, tests, and supports all product related technology and functionality, including software infrastructure in an AWS hosted environment 
Demonstrates strong drive to learn and advocate for development best practices (TDD, code reviews, continuous integration, etc.) 
Communicates proactively and effectively with team members and other product stakeholders in a highly Agile environment 
Self-starter that will take tasks and accomplish them with little oversight according to timelines and budgets agreed upon with business and technology stakeholders 
What are the requirements needed for this position? 
You have 5+ years’ experience working on applications of machine learning with strong to expert ability in Python as a primary language 
 
What are the required critical skills needed for this position? 
Experience building automated processes that are supportable, monitored, and enterprise-scale 
Extensive experience building Chatbots, Voicebots and NLP processing 
Experience working with and integrating services from popular ML packages such as Keras, TensorFlow, XGBoost, SciKit Learn 
Above average capabilities with cloud computing techniques or tools such as S3, EC2, EMR, SageMaker, ECS, Lambda, IAM 
SQL design and development skills 
What other skills/experience would be helpful to have? 
Spark or Pyspark experience preferred 
Experience building/consuming REST web services 
Demonstrated initiative with learning new technologies 
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills 
 What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job? 
General office demands 
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system! 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement 
 Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read  EEO is the Law  at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf. 
If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. 
Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy. 
Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws. Change Healthcare 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Emeryville, CA Jobs at Change Healthcare in Emeryville, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Emeryville, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Change Healthcare Change Healthcare 1,170 reviews Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We provide software and analyt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
