
 
 
 
 Customer Experience Manager - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Experience Manager Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Dallas, TX Remote Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Dallas, Texas | Customer Experience
 We’re looking for a Customer Experience Manager to lead Lemonade’s world-class CX team in our Dallas hub. In this role, you’ll coach an elite group of customer experience specialists as they maintain an impressively high level of customer satisfaction, while also helping to shape the community and culture at Lemonade’s newest outpost. 
 
You’ll focus on helping your team provide surprisingly delightful interactions that make people happy. This role is very hands-on, cheering and coaching your team from the sidelines, and jumping in to help our customers when needed. Patience, excellent writing skills, empathy, and a great sense of humor are definitely required. 
 
The CX team works from home, with opportunities for in-person development, so you’ll also need to be comfortable with mentoring and managing remotely. Please only apply if you have experience in direct people management. 
 
Requirements 
4+ years of people management experience 
Impressive leadership skills, with experience coaching a team of 10 or more 
A surplus of empathy 
High EQ, and a willingness to provide direct and honest feedback 
The ability to motivate your team with positivity, kindness, and accountability 
Strong knowledge of customer service principles and practices and a passion for creating the best customer experiences on the planet 
Solid understanding of tech startup culture 
A passion for using data to improve your team’s performance 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Manager jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Dallas, TX Customer Service Manager salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
