
 
 
 
 Associate Software Engineer - Baltimore, MD 21230 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Software Engineer ZeroFOX 5 reviews Baltimore, MD 21230 ZeroFOX 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description OPPORTUNITY OVERVIEW 
ZeroFOX seeks brilliant, motivated, innovative Software Engineers who want to build scalable SaaS software in the cloud to help our team continue to rapidly innovate and scale. Our software is scaling up by over 50% per quarter, and we need more phenomenal teammates to help us stay ahead of that growth while providing ever-greater value to our customers, with ever-higher quality! 
You’ll join a team of software engineers, cybersecurity experts, and data scientists who are disrupting the cyber security industry providing Digital Risk Protection: Protection on social media and digital channels from security threats like social engineering, external fraud, data loss, insider threat, reputation-based attacks, etc. 
 Responsibilities 
Develop components of our core SaaS platform written in Python, Django, Javascript, Node, Angular, and Go 
Solve problems by either writing solutions from scratch or by using open source projects 
Gain an in-depth understanding of all of the team’s code, systems, and tools 
Contribute to existing tech stack and actively research and advocate for new tools, technologies, and methodologies to evolve it over time 
 Qualifications 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science, or equivalent experience 
Written and verbal communication skills 
Strong knowledge of algorithms and data structures 
Experience with object-oriented programming concepts 
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and quickly learn new technologies 
 
 
Valuable Skills 
Experience with: 
Python, including Django 
Javascript, including usage of Node and/or Angular 
Go programming language 
Linux, Git, cloud development 
Agile, continuous improvement processes 
Containerized microservices 
Experience designing, maintaining, versioning internal and external REST APIs 
Understanding of message driven architecture 
 Benefits 
Competitive compensation 
Stock options 
Monthly team outings (think breweries, paintball, game night, go-karts) 
Ability to work remotely 
 Do you want to love where you work? 
Amazing Product: ZeroFOX has created a paradigm-shifting cybersecurity product that has been recognized as leading the next generation of predictive cyber solutions. 
Recently raised a $74 million Series D led by Intel Capital, and joined by some of the most respected VCs in the country, like NEA and Redline Capital. 
Bragging Rights: Named the #1 startup in Baltimore and #2 startup in Maryland by the Tech Tribune 
Tight-Knit Team: ZeroFOX Engineering is a community – most describe our team as a group of talented, driven individuals who are incredibly committed to each other and the overall success of the team. All are encouraged to contribute their feedback and innovative ideas into our product, development practices, and operations. 
Get Things Done: Innovation is woven into the fabric of our organization. Every aspect of our operations is purposeful; enabling us to research, develop and innovate faster than the competition. 
Benefits: In addition to competitive compensation, full-time employees can participate in our health insurance plans, retirement, and more. 
Best Office in Downtown Baltimore (Federal Hill): Large floor-to-ceiling windows, a productive workspace, an awesome community area and free street parking available. 
 Interested? 
Ready to apply? Visit us at https://www.zerofox.com/careers to find out more and join the best team in the security industry. 
Not ready to apply? Email careers_at_zerofox_dot_com to speak with a member of the team! 
Want to learn more about our Software Engineering team? Visit us at https://engineering.zerofox.com 
 ABOUT ZEROFOX 
ZeroFOX ,  the market leader in digital visibility and protection, safeguards modern organizations from dynamic security, brand and physical risks across social, mobile, web and collaboration platforms. Using diverse data sources and artificial intelligence-based analysis, the ZeroFOX Platform identifies and remediates targeted phishing attacks, credential compromise, data exfiltration, brand hijacking, executive and location threats and more. The patented ZeroFOX SaaS technology processes and protects millions of posts, messages and accounts daily across the social and digital landscape, spanning LinkedIn, Facebook, Slack, Twitter, Instagram, Pastebin, YouTube, mobile app stores, the deep & dark web, domains and more. 
**ZeroFOX is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participates in e-Verify** ZeroFOX 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Baltimore, MD Jobs at ZeroFOX in Baltimore, MD Software Engineer salaries in Baltimore, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from ZeroFOX 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
