
 
 
 
 Therapist, Counselor or Psychologist - Telehealth (WV) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Therapist, Counselor or Psychologist - Telehealth (WV) Brightside Health 5 reviews Remote Remote Brightside Health 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description Depression & Anxiety Care Telehealth Psychologist / Therapist (Contract Remote) 
Depression and anxiety are the most common mental health problems in the U.S., affecting more than 16 million Americans. Sadly, fewer than half receive care for these problems due to barriers like social stigma and a lack of trained providers - and the care they do receive isn’t necessarily in line with best practices. 
Brightside (www.brightside.com) is a better approach to depression and anxiety care, combining empirically validated therapies like Behavioral Activation (BA) and Exposure and Response Prevention (ERP), artificial intelligence, and a team of experienced mental health leaders to deliver personalized therapy, right from your phone. Brightside is on a mission to be the best and largest provider of virtual evidence-based depression and anxiety care in the U.S. 
We’re mindful of clinician burnout and are passionate about making evidence-based therapy as pleasant to provide as possible. We strive to reduce the repetitive aspects of depression and anxiety care, digitizing individualized psychoeducation and treatment planning so that you can deploy your advanced therapy skills where they’re most useful. 
Brightside offers the opportunity to break down barriers to accessing evidence-based therapies and truly shape the future of depression and anxiety care in the U.S. We’re seeking forward-thinking therapists who understand the magnitude of the challenge and want to be part of the solution. 
Your Role: 
Through asynchronous text, voice, and video messaging and live video appointments, facilitate problem-solving and provide encouragement as Brightside members apply skills from self-guided therapy modules to their daily lives 
Leverage your evidence-based (CBT, DBT, ACT, ERP, BA) case conceptualization and intervention skills to tailor Brightside’s proprietary treatment plans to individual member needs and goals 
Draw on automatically administered symptom, functional improvement, and goal progress measures to adjust the treatment plan 
Serve an integral role in the evolution of our session content, provider platform, and care model by collaborating with our Clinical and Product teams 
Maintain timely clinical documentation through our user-friendly therapist portal 
What You’ll Gain: 
Unprecedented impact:  No longer bound by the traditional, in-person, 50-minute-hour model, you’ll be able to bring evidence-based approaches - and therefore rapid relief and functional improvement - to a much wider range of sufferers across your state. 
Professional growth opportunities and clinical support : Access a storehouse of original digital therapy sessions drawing on the range of empirically validated treatments for anxiety and depression. Obtain clinical consultation on case conceptualization, treatment planning, and stuck points from fellow clinicians. Stay connected via therapist community outreach and continuing education events. 
Flexible hours and location : Since contact with members occurs exclusively through asynchronous messaging and video appointments, there’s no need to trek to an office. Manage your members from your phone or laptop from anywhere. Take on as many members as you like to build a full-time practice or supplement your income. 
Custom-built tools : Enjoy our easy-to-use practice management, EMR, and crisis protocol tools designed by our fleet of in-house clinicians and engineers. 
Highly competitive compensation 
What We’re Looking For: 
Doctoral or masters degree in psychology or counseling (PsyD, PhD, EdD, MA, MS, MSW, MFT, MHC, LPC) from an accredited program 
An unrestricted license in the state where you reside (e.g. LCSW, LMFT, LMHC, LPCC, etc) 
Licensed for at least 1 year 
At least 2 years of experience providing CBT-focused, evidence-based approaches (Behavioral Activation for depression and Exposure Therapy for anxiety disorders preferred) 
Continued commitment to learning evidence-based best practices for depression and anxiety 
Able to devote at least 4 hours per week to providing video appointments 
Support a 24-hour window for responding to messaging on weekdays 
Strictly adhere to HIPAA and security regulations to protect clients’ health information 
Commitment to measurement-based care 
Tech-savviness and enthusiasm for integrating digital solutions into psychotherapy 
A high degree of responsivity and willingness to collaborate with Brightside’s team of clinical and tech experts 
Excellent written therapeutic feedback skills 
We hire 100% remote therapists and psychologists 
Brightside is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that diversity improves our working environment and our ability to offer a high-value service to our customers. 
We know that diversity makes for the best problem-solving and creative thinking, and are committed to equity and inclusion. We are dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team and encourage everyone to apply if your experience is close to what we are looking for. We’re an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
 z6udkxYQMn Brightside Health 28 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Psychologist jobs in Remote Jobs at Brightside Health in Remote Psychologist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brightside Health Brightside Health 5 reviews Brightside (www.brightside.com) is a better approach to depression and anxiety care, combining empirically-supported cognitive-behavioral... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
