
 
 
 
 SVP, Chief Product Officer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications SVP, Chief Product Officer Rimini Street, Inc. Remote Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We are actively seeking a  SVP, Chief Product Officer (CPO).  The role will report directly to the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Rimini Street. This role is Remote based in the U.S. but other locations may be considered. The role will require periodic travel as necessary across the world. 
 We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Position Summary 
To help execute Rimini Street’s plan to scale to $1B/year in revenue, the COO is seeking a SVP, CPO to lead Product Strategy, build a Product Management team, define new product and service offerings, and develop processes for new product introductions and lifecycle management. The CPO will directly manage Product Line General Managers (GMs) responsible for a set of offerings for specific segments of the business. 
Essential Duties & Responsibilities 
Define and Drive Product Strategy 
Define a Product Strategy (service offerings and products) aligned to and supporting corporate strategy and long-term goals – scaling Rimini Street to $1B/year in revenue. 
Develop an integrated go-to-market strategy encompassing channels, industry verticals, pricing, positioning, branding and customer journey. 
In partnership with Product Marketing, identify target markets for entry, expansion (countries, verticals, market segments) based on target client profile, client needs, and opportunity size.
 Build and Lead the Product Management Function 
Build a Product Management team with Product Managers focused on offerings for specific segments of the business. 
Evolve existing offerings, define new service offerings and solution offerings - reflecting market trends, customer requirements/pain points, pricing strategies, and competitive landscape/roadmaps. 
Be accountable and responsible for Product-line P&Ls in a matrix operating model
 Maintain a high-level Roadmap of future offerings, updates and releases. Communicate roadmap clearly to the senior leadership team and ensure alignment across functions and teams. 
Partner closely with Product Marketing and provide content on positioning, key messages and competitive strategy. 
Provide Sales support for selected prospects and clients, typically large or strategic opportunities. Deliver deep dives on product strategy, roadmap and the company’s technology direction and vision. 
Analyze and recommend options of build/buy/partner to fill gaps in product/offering portfolio. 
Support prospective M&A actions by analyzing target company’s technology, IP and product portfolio. 
Govern and execute Product Lifecycle Management – from development and introduction to end-of-life. 
Provide GM and Sales support for selected prospects and existing clients to support closing total invoice (New Sales + Renewals) 
Develop Processes for New Product Introduction and Lifecycle Management 
Develop and implement a cross-functional process for new product introductions, executing planned releases as defined on the roadmap. 
Champion new offerings with initial prospects and charter clients. 
Develop and implement a process for Lifecycle Management, for the active management of offerings from development and introduction to end-of-life. 
Leadership of Product Line General Managers 
The CPO will be responsible for the performance of each major Product Line as a business, directly managing Product Line GM’s for Oracle Services, SAP Services, SaaS & Strategic Services and Professional Services.
 Together with the Product Line GMs, drive operating results across Rimini Street’s matrixed organization of Theatre/Regional GMs and functional leaders, by maintaining a line-of-sight across all activities for each Product Line that contribute to business success, client satisfaction and retention. 
Drive global consistency in product and service offerings and related processes, tools, metrics and execution, while allowing for necessary local differences. 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Education 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent required, Masters or MBA desirable. 
Location 
Preferred location is the U.S., other locations may be considered. The role will require periodic travel as necessary across the world.
 Experience
 Specifically, 10+ years of experience leading Product Management and/or Product Strategy in enterprise software and services businesses and building new markets or businesses either in start-up environments or working for international enterprise software companies. 
Experience managing product lines with annual revenue of at least $100M/year, and managing product portfolios of at least $300M/year in a matrix environment.
 Generally, 20+ years in senior executive roles (CPO, GM, SVP, VP) in General Management or equivalent roles with a proven track record of driving strong business and sales results against targets. Prefer experience overseeing high-growth software or software-related services businesses.
 Product Management experience spanning the development and introduction of new offerings and the evolution of existing offerings, to generate both new business and maintain recurring revenue streams (Renewals). 
Product Management experience with service offerings related to enterprise software, including support services, professional services (consulting) and managed services targeted to medium and large Enterprises. 
Experience in the creation, development and delivery of integrated solutions that are combinations of products and services. 
Experience managing GM and VP level executives running global businesses in matrixed organizations, across geographic and functional leaders.
 Demonstrated results in leading cross-functional teams to execute projects and corporate initiatives and meet broad business goals. 
Experience in leadership positions in publicly-traded companies desirable. 
Experience in the Oracle, SAP and SaaS marketplaces desirable. 
Qualifications and Skills
 Strong General Management skills and P&L responsibility in technology companies with annual revenue of at least $300M/year. 
Demonstrated ability to combine strong analytical skills, qualitative analysis and people skills to solve complex business issues. 
Ability to integrate input across multiple dimensions and functions and synthesize into clear recommendations and actions.
 Business acumen developed through years of experience in Enterprise software and/or services businesses to identify and assess markets and business opportunities, and drive investment decisions based on sound business cases and the potential for growth. 
Strong operational skills in managing complex, global teams and processes. 
Ability to make things happen in a cross-functional, matrixed org through relationships, influence and persuasion. 
Strong leadership talents, exceptional attitude and spirit, and the ability to establish consensus across functional areas, and with clients. 
Customer-centric approach and a passion for helping customers address issues and focus on improving their core business. 
The passion and persistence to disrupt the status quo, introduce new technologies and drive alternative approaches to solving business challenges. 
Willingness to embrace change and adapt in a rapidly evolving, fast-moving market and company. 
Serve as an effective external leader and compelling spokesperson for the company, telling the Rimini Street story to clients, investors and partners to promote the company and build the brand. 
#LI-Remote 
#LI-DNP 
Company Description:
 
Company Description 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. 
#LI-REMOTE Rimini Street, Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job Chief Product Officer jobs in Remote Jobs at Rimini Street in Remote Chief Product Officer salaries in Remote Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
