
 
 
 
 Soil Sampler - Term - Goodland, KS 67735 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Soil Sampler - Term Farmers Edge 46 reviews Goodland, KS 67735 Farmers Edge 46 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Farmers Edge is a global leader in digital agriculture delivering cutting-edge solutions powered by a unique combination of field-centric data, artificial intelligence and complete integration. Since 2005, Farmers Edge has dominated the industry with disruptive technologies and strategic partnerships designed to enhance connectivity across the entire agricultural ecosystem. With the most comprehensive platform on the market-FarmCommand-Farmers Edge is revolutionizing the way farmers, agricultural professionals and agri-businesses interact with data. Moving at the speed of digital with an elite team focused on innovation, machine learning and IoT, Farmers Edge is creating new opportunities for all stakeholders shaping the future of agriculture worldwide. 
To learn more about Farmers Edge, visit FarmersEdge.ca. 
Soil Sampler - Term 
Location: Goodland, KS 
Employment:
 F/T Term with possibility of extension 
Available for up to 40+ hours/wk 
Available to work weekdays and weekends 
Reporting to the Hub Operations Manager, the Seasonal Soil Sampler collects soil samples according to established methods and techniques using vehicles and quads with GPS equipment and soil sampling probes. They are responsible for ensuring quality control of samples and accurate recording of information. 
Duties may include the following: 
Travel to assigned rural locations to take core soil samples from grower's fields; 
Record sample data accurately; 
Meet with supervisor regularly to discuss field conditions; 
Database administration and upkeep; 
Safe operation of motorized vehicles; 
Those services reasonably related the performance of the foregoing duties; and 
Other duties as assigned. 
Education and Experience 
Valid driver's license for designated state of employment; 
Some agricultural experience would be an asset; 
Ability to carry up to 20 kg; 
Ability to travel up to 25% of the time. 
We thank all applicants for their interest, however only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. Farmers Edge 6 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Farmers Edge in Goodland, KS Company Info Follow Get job updates from Farmers Edge 46 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
