
 
 
 
 Associate Director - Business Applications Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence - Princeton, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Director - Business Applications Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence Novo Nordisk 937 reviews Princeton, NJ Novo Nordisk 937 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Department
 At Novo Nordisk, our Strategy, Finance, and Operations team works to provide strategic direction to the company, ensuring that everything we do is viable and built to last. Overseeing and safeguarding Novo Nordisk’s short and long-term planning, the Strategy, Finance and Operations team works closely with the business across the organization to develop strategies and business plans, monitor industry trends, and provide operating recommendations. We regulate accounting, uphold workplace safety, manage our supply chain and sampling, support technology, provide commercial insights & analytics, maintain our facilities and assure the integrity and completeness of all business transactions. At Novo Nordisk, you will have the opportunity to build a life-changing career in a global business environment. We encourage our employees to make the most of their talent. And we reward hard work and dedication with the opportunity for continuous learning and personal development. Are you ready to realize your potential? 
The Position 
This position is responsible for managing a diverse team that has responsibility for the overall performance, design, delivery, and support of Novo Nordisk (NN) business applications. The application portfolio of this leader will consist of data & analytics solutions. This leader is a key contributor to the strategy and vision for data and analytics, supporting product owners to build and maintain the data and analytics implementation roadmap. The leader will focus on developing advanced analytics solutions that emphasis predictive and prescriptive components, powered by machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms. 
Relationships 
This position reports to a Senior Director in Information Technology and directly manages a staff of professionals, supplemented by external resources as required. Direct reports include Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Data Scientists, Application Developers, Systems Analysts and Managers of Business Applications. The position has day-to-day interaction with lines of business whom it supports, prioritizing and defining requirements. Incumbent also has frequent interaction with global initiatives in related areas. In addition, the position works with all levels of management and staff throughout Novo Nordisk IT to implement and support business solutions. 
Essential Functions 
Analyzes and Fulfills Business Needs 
Engages stakeholders to discuss the effectiveness of solutions and capabilities, and their impact on business strategies and performance 
Leverages in-depth knowledge of business functions, business processes and key objectives to develop solutions aligned with business needs 
Manages and adheres to mutually agreed upon service level agreements with lines of business and reports to stakeholders on system health conditions, project status, and system maintenance schedule 
Builds Relationships and Influences Key Stakeholders 
Builds and maintains trusting, collaborative relationships and partnerships with internal and external stakeholders which helps accomplish key business objectives and helps others to do the same 
Develops and communicates compelling, fact-based rationales that contain strong logical arguments that build support for one’s perspectives and initiatives cross-functionally, and helps others do the same 
Provides partnership, insight and direction to cross-functional business leaders and stakeholders regarding IT policies, solutions and initiatives. 
Develops and Executes IT Strategic Plans 
Identifies issues, opportunities and solutions that may be leveraged across business functions and understands how they may impact other functions in the organization 
Utilizes extensive knowledge of the business and industry to participate in the development of functional strategies for area of responsibility 
Leverages Technology Principles, Knowledge and Practices 
Ensures compliance with the NN Project Management Methodologies, Privacy, Sarbox, GxP and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) deliverables 
Leverages extensive knowledge of all relevant IT areas to provide innovative solutions by taking into account the future needs of the organization and/or functional area 
Manages the development and/or implementation of software solutions which fully meet the business requirements 
Oversees day-to-day application support to ensure the continued effective operation, availability and reliability of applications and/or systems to meet customer needs 
Provides expertise and direction in all aspects of application development including application architecture, database design, UI design, testing methods, and validation requirements 
Responsible for all System Management activities for existing IT systems and provides expertise and direction to support staff in all system management and support activities. 
Manages IT Vendors 
Fosters strategic relationships by communicating vision and organizational plans to ensure vendors are aligned with organizational objectives and builds effective relationships with vendors 
Manages project plans or service level agreements and budgets to ensure that vendors deliver services within scope, schedule, quality and budget estimates 
Reviews and evaluates vendor performance (i.e. against KPIs and SLAs) to ensure that service is successful and identifies areas for improvement for future vendor services. 
Understands and Applies Risk Management Practices 
Anticipates, identifies, and evaluates IT systems risks and vulnerabilities 
Applies expert knowledge of compliance with all security, regulatory and quality policies and procedures 
Ensures compliance with all change management and validation requirements 
Organizes and administers governance body for managing enhancements and releases of existing IT systems 
Physical Requirements 
5-15% overnight travel required. 
Development of People 
Ensure that reporting personnel have individual development plans (IDP), with annual goals and measurements that are consistent with the priorities of the business, and that interim reviews are held so that their work is focused on those priorities, and they understand their level of accountability for results and the measurement process. Ensure that the IDP forms include completed learning and aspiration plans and are in place for all reporting personnel to enable the achievement of goals and capability to assume increased levels of responsibility. Manage the application and communication of all Novo Nordisk policies, procedures, and Novo Nordisk Way. 
Qualifications 
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or other related field required. Solid relevant experience may be substituted when appropriate. Advanced degree preferred 
Additional certifications a plus 
A minimum of 12 years of progressively responsible experience in Computer Science, IT, programming/systems analysis or other related experience required 
A minimum of 3 years supervisory experience or cross-functional team lead experience required 
Ability to act as a project lead to a cross-functional project team in the development and implementation of processes and programs 
Ability to influence and act as an advisor to management and stakeholders on advanced technical projects 
Demonstrated problem solver with the ability to provide technical solutions to a wide range of complex problems 
Experience with pharmaceutical related data sources (e.g. IMS) preferred 
Expert application of Data management practices, Advance Analytics & Machine Learning algorithms 
Expert knowledge of systems analysis and design techniques 
Knowledge of all phases of the project and system development methodologies 
Knowledge of operating systems, relational database architectures, query languages and interface, standard programming environments, data integration tools, application integration solutions, and web based information solutions 
Knowledge of testing techniques that ensure that all business or technical requirements are appropriately met 
Prior vendor management experience required 
Strong ability to interact with senior internal and external personnel on technical matters. Superior written and oral communication skill at all levels 
Millions rely on us 
At Novo Nordisk, we don’t wait for change. We drive change. We’re a dynamic company in an even more dynamic industry, and we know that what got us to where we are today is not necessarily what will make us successful in the future. We embrace the spirit of experimentation, striving for excellence without fixating on perfection. We never shy away from opportunities to develop, we seize them. Working at Novo Nordisk is working toward something bigger than ourselves, and it’s a collective effort. Novo Nordisk relies on the joint potential and collaboration of its more than 40,000 employees to change the lives for the better for millions of patients living with diabetes and other chronic diseases. Together, we go further. Together, we’re life changing. 
Novo Nordisk is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. 
If you are interested in applying to Novo Nordisk and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply, please call us at  1-855-411-5290 . This contact is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. Novo Nordisk 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Novo Nordisk in Princeton, NJ Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Novo Nordisk Novo Nordisk 937 reviews Changing diabetes. It’s a challenge that impacts the lives of hundreds of millions of people worldwide. It's a number that’s growing ever... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
