
 
 
 
 Applied Scientist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Scientist Amazon.com Services LLC 70,005 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,005 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 PhD or equivalent Master's Degree plus 4+ years of experience in CS, CE, ML or related field 
 Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language 
 Experience in software development. 
 Knowledge of, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, or Java. 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience. 
 
“Amazon Science gives you insight into the company’s approach to customer-obsessed scientific innovation. Amazon fundamentally believes that scientific innovation is essential to being the most customer-centric company in the world. It’s the company’s ability to have an impact at scale that allows us to attract some of the brightest minds in artificial intelligence and related fields. Our scientists continue to publish, teach, and engage with the academic community, in addition to utilizing our working backwards method to enrich the way we live and work.”
 
Please visit https://www.amazon.science for more information
 
Amazon Exports and Expansion builds new experiences which help our customers across the world access the benefits of shopping on Amazon to find products sourced locally for them or exported from other Amazon marketplaces. Do you want to improve how shoppers around the world discover and purchase products that delight them?
 
We are looking for a customer obsessed Applied Scientist who can apply the latest research, state of the art algorithms and machine learning to build highly scalable systems in the international e-Commerce space. Right candidate will develop algorithms and models to handle unique cross border shopping problems such as improving selection data quality, improved product discovery or offering scalable, highly localized customer experience to name few.
 
Does the challenge of AI solving some of the pain points of millions of international shoppers from 100+ countries, in multiple currencies and excite you? Have you ever wanted to work on machine learning problems that will make a lasting impact, solving key problems that impact the experience of millions of Amazon customers? If you are passionate about solving complex problems, in a challenging environment, we would love to talk with you.
 
As a member of our team you will develop and evaluate machine learning models using large data-sets, cloud services, customer behavior, transactional history to improve our customer’s experience. Working closely with best-in-class engineers you will have the opportunity to apply a variety of machine learning algorithms, including deep learning, and work on one of the world's largest data sets to influence the long term evolution of our technology roadmap. You will need to be entrepreneurial, able to deal with ambiguity and work in a highly collaborative environment.
 
 
 Master's Degree in Computer Science or related field 
 Demonstrated ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions. 
 Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment. 
 Experience in dealing with ambiguous/undefined problems; ability to think abstractly 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Amazon.com 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,005 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
