
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Cloud Platform - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Cloud Platform Bright Machines Austin, TX Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description CHANGE AN INDUSTRY 
We’re disruptors, innovators, and doers who aren’t afraid to challenge what’s possible. 
At Bright Machines, our mission is to change the speed, scalability, and flexibility of manufacturing. We bring software-defined intelligence down to the factory floor and enable our customers to modernize their manufacturing operations effortlessly. 
Working at Bright Machines is an opportunity to be part of a growing team that enables anyone to build anything, anywhere. If you’re ready to apply your exceptional skills to create the platform that will define the next generation of manufacturing, we’d love to speak with you. 
Let’s disrupt an industry. It will be fun! 
ABOUT THE ROLE 
Software Engineers at Bright Machines are responsible for defining and implementing the systems that make Software Defined Manufacturing possible and that power our microfactories (lines of robotic cells). Our robots, and the software that controls them, are deployed in a variety of physical and virtual factory environments and support the real manufacturing operations for some of the biggest names in the industry. 
As a Software Engineer on our Cloud Platform team, you will create infrastructure as code and integrate microservices into scalable systems that help our users design, program, simulate, deploy and operate our microfactories. You will work on a team with other Software Engineers at Bright Machines to define, architect, implement and deploy our software stack – from robot to cloud. 
This is a unique opportunity to be part of a greenfield development effort that will change the way companies build and produce products. If you’re ready to apply exceptional engineering practices and build the software that will define the next generation in manufacturing, this is your opportunity to “Be Bright”. 
 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 
Develop and deploy software components that help realize Bright Machines vision of Software Defined Manufacturing 
Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop reliable and scalable micro-services 
Write clean, maintainable code, and perform peer code-reviews 
Create unit, integration, and end-to-end tests to ensure we are continually shipping code to production 
Work with other team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical feasibility 
Work in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules 
Help implement standards and promote best practices for distributed software systems 
Analyze and optimize applications to maximize speed and scale 
 WHAT WE WANT TO SEE 
Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field 
3+ years of job experience as Software Engineer, SRE, DevOps or equivalent role 
Proficiency in a variety of modern programming languages (JavaScript, C#/C++, Java, Python) 
Knowledge and application relating to CI/CD, testing, and operations 
Familiarity with Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, and Cloudformation 
Solid understanding and application of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) 
Ability to work in a variety of compute environments (Windows, Linux, AWS) 
 IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU HAD 
Understanding of scaling and operational concerns for large software systems 
Experience communicating with users, technical leaders and management to collect requirements, describe system designs 
Knowledge and demonstrated application of software engineering best practices relating to the SDLC including coding standards, code reviews, and SCM 
 WHO YOU ARE 
You are customer obsessed 
You believe in the power of a team, diversity of thought, and unity of action 
You always act with integrity, keep your commitments, and practice transparency 
You think boldly, lead with courage, and demand the highest standards 
You drive for results and act like an owner 
DO THE BEST WORK OF YOUR CAREER 
You’ll be challenged and will grow from solving problems that will have real-world customer benefit. You’ll be encouraged to find creative and innovative solutions that have never been built. 
We strike a balance between celebrating team success and a focus on individual growth. Paired with the best minds in the industry, your contributions will be impactful and significant as we disrupt a multi-billion-dollar industry. 
 
Bright Machines was named a “Technology Pioneer” by the World Economic Forum, one of “America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies” by Forbes, and an Inc. “Best in Business” winner. 
Come join us. Bright Machines 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Bright Machines in Austin, TX Software Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bright Machines At Bright Machines our mission is to help companies manufacture more products, at a higher-quality and lower cost; by connecting individu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
