
 
 
 
 Web Application Developer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Web Application Developer NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is hiring a Software Developer to work on industry standard three-tiered web applications. Our typical implementation is comprised of a datastore, typically SQL Server, RESTful web services written in .NET and browser clients written with React and TypeScript.
 The best candidate will have well-rounded web application programming experience with demonstrable record in database design, object-oriented development, and browser based UI development such as React or Angular.
 What you’ll be doing:
 Work closely with GPU architects and software engineers to develop critical web tools to build next generation computing products
 Collaborate with other team members to solve sophisticated infrastructure, security, or development problem
 Partner with security specialists to harden applications against future cyber security threats
 Continuously enhance existing applications to streamline product development
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
 3+ years related experience
 Detailed understanding of full stack application development
 Familiarity with Microsoft .NET technologies such as C#, dependency injection in C#, using ORMs such as Entity Framework and asynchronous programming in .NET Framework or DotNetCore
 Background with database design, from crafting a schema from scratch, to writing efficient queries. Candidate should understand execution plans and how to utilize indexes
 Experience with JavaScript, React, CSS and HTML - use of yarn or npm is required. TypeScript, Create-react-app, Webpack are strong pluses
 Experience with security concepts from Kerberos to OAuth with JWTs
 Familiarity with the best development practices - writing documentation, testing, using CI/CD to make delivery product as easy and reliable as possible
 Superb interpersonal skills as you would collaborate with teams from around the globe
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Demonstrable experience in large scale web based design and deployment
 Good documentation and testing practices
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people on the planet working for us. If you're creative, passionate and self-motivated, we want to hear from you! NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Web Developer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Web Developer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
