
 
 
 
 Watson Health- Senior Clinical Behavioral Health Services Researcher - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Watson Health- Senior Clinical Behavioral Health Services Researcher IBM 30,778 reviews Austin, TX 73301 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM’s Industry Consultants are essential to our clients as they work to reinvent themselves for the future. Join our highly visible and highly skilled team of global consultants as we strive to accelerate sales, deliver client engagements, and build IBM’s market eminence. If you are a forward-thinker and a curious intellectual, we welcome you to apply for your next exciting career challenge! 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The primary role of the senior clinical behavioral health services researcher is to design and conduct research in mental health and substance use disorder research as well as provide clinical expertise across our portfolio of work. The researcher will oversee interdisciplinary teams focused on both analytics and technical assistance related to behavioral health. She/he will also be responsible for leading the development of new business in the behavioral health arena. This will include developing client relationships and leading capture and proposal efforts across multiple federal agencies, particularly the VA and the DoD as well as CMS, SAMHSA, AHRQ, CDC and ASPE.
 
 
The successful candidate will be a seasoned professional with experience in a consulting environment with strong data analytic and survey data experience. He/she will help build effective relationships and a collaborative environment with IBM Watson Health cross-functional teams.
 
 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the anticipated compensation range for this position $144,000 to $222,000 is based on a full-time schedule. Your ultimate compensation may vary depending on your job-related skills and experience. For part time roles, the compensation will be adjusted appropriately. 
 
WHUS21 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Advanced degree (PhD or MD) in clinical psychology, behavioral health policy, social work, or related field
 15+ years of experience designing research studies and conducting both qualitative and quantitative research and/or evaluation in mental health and substance use disorder services and policy in a consulting environment 
15+ years of experience leading multidisciplinary teams in the execution of complex projects and oversight of administrative and budgetary components of the work. 
Extensive experience developing and writing successful proposals preferably for federal agencies, such as the VA, DoD, CMS, HRSA, SAMHSA, FDA or CDC.
 Experience leading, designing and conducting a range of projects in mental health and/or substance use disorders, such as program evaluations, analyses of household surveys, analyses using claims data and policy abstractions and synthesis. Familiarity and experience utilizing mixed qualitative and quantitative methods.
 Clinical background with some experience providing direct services to individuals with mental health and/or substance use disorders 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to translate complex findings to non-technical audiences
 Experience attaining revenue targets, and managing multiple, complex projects with increasing responsibility over time 
Established thought leader with evidence of furthering the field of mental health and substance use disorder research through disseminating findings in peer reviewed journals and scientific conferences 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Interest in technological solutions and use of artificial intelligence to address complex problems in the behavioral health field is a plus 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Clinical Research Coordinator jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Senior Clinical Research Coordinator salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
