
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Engineer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Engineer Compose AI United States Job details Salary $120,000 - $160,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Compose AI is a fast growing startup backed by YCombinator that just recently closed a $2.1mil seed round led by David Sacks & Craft Ventures, as well as investments from Sequoia and cofounders from Kayak, Hubspot, Vercel, and Honey. We’re disrupting the way people type by leveraging artificial intelligence. 
 
The Role: 
We are looking for an experienced machine learning engineer to join our team as a foundational team member. We need your help to make our mission a reality: amplify human potential by bringing intelligence to human-computer communication. We are starting by providing AI-powered autocompletion across all of your tools and devices. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
Design and implement solutions to difficult technical challenges including: 
 
Creating domain-specific language models 
Tuning models to run real-time inference 
Data anonymization 
Implement new features such as few shot reply generation 
 
Interview future job candidates 
 
Help establish team standards 
 
Why you should join Compose.ai: 
 
Our mission at Compose.ai is to amplify human potential by bringing intelligence to human-computer communication. This is a hard problem but we believe deeply in the mission and lean in to audacious goals. 
 
Our core product is a freemium Chrome extension that helps automate your writing using AI. You know how Gmail autocompletes your sentences for you? It's like that, except it's available everywhere, across all of your devices and tools. So whether you're writing an email in Superhuman, replying to your customers on intercom, or writing documentation on Notion, compose.ai is there. We are currently in a private beta with over 6,000 signups. We created our own proprietary AI model that is real-time, personalized, and adapts to wherever you're typing. Wilson and Michael are ex-Amazon and Landon is ex-Google. If you believe AI is going to change the way we live and the way we write, then we would love to talk to you. Simply Hired 20 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in United States Jobs at Compose AI in United States Machine Learning Engineer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Compose AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
