
 
 
 
 Test Automation Engineer - Palo Alto, CA 94306 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Test Automation Engineer Matroid Palo Alto, CA 94306 Employer actively reviewed job 2 days ago Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description With the rapid growth of artificial intelligence, expert knowledge must use cutting-edge machine learning techniques to solve real-world problems. At Matroid, we're building an intuitive product that allows anyone to train and deploy computer vision models without the need to write code. 
 Founded by a Stanford Professor in 2016, Matroid has raised $33.5 million in funding and is in use in a range of manufacturing, security, and industrial IoT applications. 
 We're looking for a talented test automation engineer to build out a testing framework for our computer vision services. You'll operate with autonomy while working in an engineering culture that fosters empowerment. Along the way you will learn about cutting edge machine learning, and over time your role on the team will evolve with your growing interests and skill set. 
 Once we reopen, this position will be onsite at our Palo Alto office, near the Stanford campus and Caltrain. 
 What you'll be doing 
 Develop automated tests for our product and services using frameworks like Mocha, Selenium, Jest 
Work with our development team to test new features, converting initial manual efforts into new automated tests 
Identify new automation best practices for our growing engineering team 
Improve our continuous delivery pipeline, ensuring that we can roll out frequent, robust releases 
Raise the bar for our product quality, by catching bugs before they get to end users 
Design methods to test complex machine learning pipelines 
 How you'll be doing it 
 You'll be part of a world-class, multidisciplinary engineering team, where each member identifies and prioritizes valuable and interesting new features to work on. 
You will operate in a collaborative but highly autonomous environment that isn't bogged down by unnecessary meetings or project management. 
You will know that almost everything you build affects real world users, and you will set the quality standards for your work appropriately. 
You will think creatively and your suggestions about new features and ideas we'll be considered by other members of the team. 
You'll be working with modern Javascript and Python testing frameworks and infrastructure. 
You will learn a lot along the way, diving into new technologies and the world of computer vision both on your own and during frequent company tech talks. 
 What you'll bring to the table 
 You have experience testing large scale software products. 
You are a self starter who can prioritize what to work on and build out a robust testing pipeline. 
You have the creativity to always think of new ways to break things. You won't settle until until we've covered as many corner cases as possible. 
You're comfortable writing a variety of tests: during a given week you might go from writing unit tests for a backend service to end-to-end functional browser tests. 
You can show that you're smart, analytical, and a fast learner. Sometimes you'll work on things using unfamiliar languages or technologies, but you know you can handle that. 
There aren't any strict requirements for your background, but you're technical. Maybe you have a CS (or similar) degree, or you're a bootcamp grad with a STEM background, or you might be self taught with a few years of industry experience. 
 What we offer in return 
 Competitive pay and equity 
The chance to constantly work on stimulating intellectual challenges. 
Gym membership reimbursement 
Free, lunch, snacks, and caffeine every day 
Medical, dental, and vision insurance 
A flexible schedule that leaves time for all of your other interests 
A budget for whatever hardware will make you most effective 
Budget and resources to learn about the cutting edge of software engineering and computer vision Matroid 5 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Test Engineer jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Matroid in Palo Alto, CA Software Test Engineer salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Matroid Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
