
 
 
 
 Research Plant Physiologist/Agronomist - Stoneville, MS - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Plant Physiologist/Agronomist US Agricultural Research Service Stoneville, MS Job details Salary $77,488 - $119,787 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 Incumbent is a Research Agronomist/Research Plant Physiologist at the United States Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Research Service in the Crop Production Systems Research Unit (CPSRU), Stoneville, MS. As a research scientist, the incumbent has full responsibility for initiating, developing and managing independent research projects, addressing mainly corn, soybean, and other crops grown in rotation, and alternative crops production systems. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Improve production practices to enhance productivity, profitability, water and energy use efficiency, and natural resources conservation for crop production in the lower Mississippi River valley. 
 Reduce the need for water and chemical inputs and reduce production costs and risks. 
 Develop economical production practices for new genetically modified organism (GMO) and stacked-gene corn hybrids. 
 Apply Artificial Intelligence in combining advanced technologies such as precision agriculture (site-specific management, automation, remote sensing, etc.,) in developing crop production practices that decrease water and energy inputs. 
 Determine the role of specific crops, including cover crops in carbon cycling, develop ways to quantify carbon outputs, and estimate its potential profitability to producers. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 15
 Job family (Series) 
 0435 Plant Physiology
 0471 Agronomy
 Similar jobs 
 Physiologists, Plant
 Plant Physiologists
 Plant Scientists
 Scientists, Plant
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 You must be a US Citizen or US National 
 Males born after 12/31/1959 must be Selective Service registered or exempt 
 Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check 
 Direct Deposit - Per Public Law 104-134 all Federal employees are required to have federal payments made by direct deposit to their financial institution. 
 Successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit E-Verify at https://www.e-verify.gov/. 
 Successful completion of a three year probationary period. 
 Qualifications 
 Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement including specialized experience and/or education, as defined below. 
 
 Basic Requirements 
 
 Plant Physiology 0435 Series: 
 
 Degree:  botany or plant physiology; or a related scientific discipline that included at least 10 semester hours in plant physiology 
 
 Agronomist, 0471 Series 
 
 Degree:  agronomy; or related discipline of science that included at least 30 semester hours of course work in the basic plant sciences, including at least 15 semester hours in agronomic subjects, such as those dealing with plant breeding, crop production, and soil and crop 
management. 
 
OR 
 
Combination of education and experience: at least 30 semester hours in the basic plant sciences, including a minimum of 15 semester hours in agronomic subjects, as shown in A above, plus appropriate experience or additional education. 
 
 Additional Requirements 
In addition to meeting the basic requirements described above, applicants must also meet additional qualification requirements as stated below. 
 
 Specialized Experience :  Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. Specialized experience must be described for each grade level advertised. The specialized experience requirements for this position are: 
 
 GS-12:  Applicants must demonstrate at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 grade level in the Federal service or possess a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or possess an equivalent combination of graduate level education and experience. Graduate education must be directly related to the work of the position and must have equipped applicants with the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to do the work. 
 
Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. The specialized experience requirements for the GS-12 level of this position are:
 Experience in applying a diverse set of scientific methodologies to address questions regarding crop physiology or crop production. 
 Experience with crop production in corn, soybean, or other crops grown in rotation, or alternative crops. 
 Experience in publishing research in peer-reviewed scientific journals in agronomy, crop production, or crop management. 
 
 
 GS-13:  Applicants must demonstrate at least one full year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is experience directly related to the position to be filled. The specialized experience requirements for the GS-13 level of this position are:
 Experience in applying a diverse set of scientific methodologies to address questions regarding crop physiology or crop production. 
 Experience with crop production in  corn, soybean, or other crops grown in rotation, or alternative crops . 
 Experience in using field plot research techniques and statistical analysis. 
 Experience in publishing research in peer-reviewed scientific journals in agronomy, crop production, or crop management. 
 
 
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
 To further support your qualifications, it is strongly recommended that you submit a one-page abstract of your MS thesis and/or Ph.D. dissertation. Failure to do so could result in loss of your consideration/referral. Also, please submit a list of names, addresses, and phone numbers of persons familiar with your stature, contributions, recognition; any honors or awards received; memberships in professional or honor societies; invitations to make presentations at scientific/technical meetings; scientific society office and committee assignments; presentations (other than invitation); and publications. 
 Applicants must be available to report for duty at the time a selection is made. Selections are typically made within 30 days of the closing date of the announcement. 
 Education 
 Please see above for education qualification requirement information.
 Additional information 
 This is an interdisciplinary position and may be filled in any of the job series/position titles listed. In addition to the specialized experience requirements, applicants must submit proof that they meet the educational requirements for at least one of the series described in the announcement. Applicants may only be appointed to job series/position titles for which they meet all experience and educational requirements. 
 
Research scientists have open-ended promotion potential. Research accomplishments and their impact on the duties and responsibilities of positions are evaluated periodically. The grade level is limited only by the individual's demonstrated ability to perform research of recognized importance to science and technology. *Final grade level may be determined by a peer review panel. 
 
 This position requires the selectee to undergo a pre-employment check and a full background investigation. Any offer made is considered a tentative job offer pending the outcome of the pre-employment check. Retention in the position is based upon a favorable adjudication of the background investigation. The incumbent will be subject to periodic reinvestigations. 
 
CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: Federal employees are subject to prohibitions against officially dealing with outside organizations in which they have a financial interest. If hired for this position, you  may  be required to submit a financial disclosure report within 30 days of the effective date of your appointment and annually thereafter. 
 
Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP), Reemployment Priority List (RPL), or Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP): Visit the OPM website for information on how to apply as a CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP eligible. To exercise selection priority for this vacancy, CTAP/RPL/ICTAP candidates must meet the basic eligibility requirements and all selective factors. CTAP/ICTAP candidates must be rated and determined to be well qualified (or above) based on an evaluation of the competencies listed in the How You Will Be Evaluated section. When assessed through a score-based category rating method, CTAP/ICTAP applicants must receive a rating of at least 71 out of a possible 100. 
Recruitment or Relocation Incentive may be authorized. Final determination to pay an incentive will be made by the hiring official at time of job offer. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 You will be evaluated in accordance with the category rating procedure as defined in the USDA Demonstration Project Plan. Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements established for the position will be placed in the Eligible category. Eligible applicants will be further evaluated against criteria for placement in the Quality category. This evaluation is based on the level of your experience, education, and/or training as determined by your responses to the Assessment Questionnaire. Applicants with veterans' preference are listed ahead of applicants who do not have veterans' preference within each category. 
Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your score may be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities, or you may be found ineligible. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service. 
 
Clicking the link below will present a preview of the application form; i.e. the online questionnaire. The application form link below will only provide a preview and does not initiate the application process. To initiate the online application process, click the "Apply" button to the right. 
 
To view the application form, visit:https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/11148849 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The following documents are required for your applicant package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, your system failure, etc. Encrypted documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.
 
 Resume that includes:1) personal information such as name, address, contact information; 2) education; 3) detailed work experience related to this position as described in the major duties including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; title, series, grade (if applicable); 4) other qualifications. 
 If education is required or you are using education to qualify, you must submit a copy of your college transcripts. An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application if it includes your name and the necessary course information; however, if you are selected, you will be required to submit official transcripts prior to entering on duty.  Education must have been successfully obtained from an accredited school, college or university. If any education was completed at a foreign institute, you must submit with your application evidence that the institute was appropriately accredited by an accrediting body recognized by the U.S. Department of Education as equivalent to U.S. education standards. There are private organizations that specialize in this evaluation and a fee is normally associated with this service. For a list of private organizations that evaluate education, visit the NACES website. All transcripts must be in English or include an English translation. 
 If claiming veteran's preference, you must submit a DD214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, which shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions.If currently on active duty you must submit a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted.Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment.Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference and your application will be evaluated based on the material(s) submitted. 
 If claiming 10-point veteran's preference you must provide the DD214 or certification requirements (see above bullet), plus the proof of entitlement of this preference as listed on the SF-15 Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference. The SF-15 should be included but is not required. Failure to submit these documents could result in the determination that there is insufficient documentation to support your claim for 10-point preference. For more information on veterans' preference visit FEDSHIREVETS 
 Surplus or displaced employees eligible for CTAP, RPL, or ICTAP priority must provide: proof of eligibility (RIF separation notice, notice of proposed removal for declining a transfer of function or directed reassignment to another commuting area, notice of disability annuity termination), SF-50 documenting separation (as applicable), and your most recent SF-50 noting position, grade level, and duty location with your application per 5 CFR 330. 
 
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. usajobs.gov 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Agronomist jobs in Stoneville, MS Jobs at US Agricultural Research Service in Stoneville, MS Agronomist salaries in Stoneville, MS Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Agricultural Research Service Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
