
 
 
 
 Scientific Software Engineer - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientific Software Engineer Northeastern University 616 reviews Portland, ME Northeastern University 616 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  504393 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Regional Campuses 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
Northeastern University’s Roux Institute is designed as an engine of innovation, talent-building, and economic growth for Portland, Maine, and northern New England. Partnerships set our model of graduate education and research apart. With leading companies and nonprofit organizations at the table from day one, we’re creating programs that are preparing the workforce to stay agile and thrive in a competitive landscape powered by artificial intelligence. We’re nurturing an environment for high-impact research and innovation in computer and data science, digital engineering, the advanced life sciences and medicine, and other tech fields. And we’re helping entrepreneurs launch businesses focused on and powered by technology. Together, we envision an “innovation corridor” that in the coming years will stretch from Boston to Portland and beyond. 
 
The Roux Institute at Northeastern University is currently seeking a motivated scientific software engineer to research and develop sophisticated analysis tools at the cutting edge of bioinformatics and computational systems biology. One collaborative research project, between the University of Maine (Dr. Benjamin King) and Northeastern University (Dr. Mingyang Lu) aims to devise and optimize an AI-based network modeling software application and develop a related web server. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
The candidates will participate in a multidisciplinary environment and have opportunities to interact with researchers from Northeastern University, the Roux Institute in Portland, Maine, and University of Maine. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Applicants must have a strong background in software engineering and software development, with expertise in a popular programming language, such as C++, R and/or Python, and the Unix operating system. Candidates need to have experience in web server development. Applicants must have a commitment to problem solving and good communication skills. A B.S./B.A. degree in Computer Science or a related field is required. A graduate degree in Computer Science or related field and 5+ years of experience is preferred. 
 
 Salary Grade: 
 
 12 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  18 Dec 2020 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Software Engineer salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 616 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
