
 
 
 
 Technical Recruiter (Contract) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Recruiter (Contract) Bright Machines Remote Remote Job Company Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description CHANGE AN INDUSTRY 
We’re disruptors, innovators, and doers who aren’t afraid to challenge what’s possible. 
At Bright Machines, our mission is to change the speed, scalability, and flexibility of manufacturing. We bring software-defined intelligence down to the factory floor and enable our customers to modernize their manufacturing operations effortlessly. 
Working at Bright Machines is an opportunity to be part of a growing team that enables anyone to build anything, anywhere. If you’re ready to apply your exceptional skills to create the platform that will define the next generation of manufacturing, we’d love to speak with you. 
Let’s disrupt an industry. It will be fun! 
ABOUT THE ROLE 
The Talent Acquisition team at Bright Machines is a bridge between being an advocate for the candidate, and a trusted advisor to our business partners. We have accepted the charter to connect with the best candidates and have the ability to tell our story, answer questions and present what is unique about each candidate in our structured interview process. 
As a Technical Recruiter, you will run point on a number of high impact requisitions in a full lifecycle environment. We are passionate about our candidate experience and are transparent across teams. 
 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 
Own several requisitions across several teams 
Source, review and screen candidates in our structured Interview process 
Conduct weekly recruiting touch base meetings over Zoom 
Ushering the candidate through our pipeline steps 
Help drive the offer process 
 WHAT WE WANT TO SEE 
5+ years of full lifecycle management as internal corporate recruiter 
Experience using a modern ATS 
Ability to do complex, specific candidate searches 
Strong rigor for data 
Strong sense of prioritization with multiple open roles 
A story teller 
 
 
IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU HAD 
Experience recruiting for AI, ML, Computer Vision, Robotics and Software Engineering 
 WHO YOU ARE 
You are customer obsessed 
You believe in the power of a team, diversity of thought, and unity of action 
You always act with integrity, keep your commitments, and practice transparency 
You think boldly, lead with courage, and demand the highest standards 
You drive for results and act like an owner 
DO THE BEST WORK OF YOUR CAREER 
You’ll be challenged and will grow from solving problems that will have real-world customer benefit. You’ll be encouraged to find creative and innovative solutions that have never been built. 
We strike a balance between celebrating team success and a focus on individual growth. Paired with the best minds in the industry, your contributions will be impactful and significant as we disrupt a multi-billion-dollar industry. 
 
Bright Machines was named a “Technology Pioneer” by the World Economic Forum, one of “America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies” by Forbes, and an Inc. “Best in Business” winner. 
Come join us. Bright Machines 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Recruiter jobs in Remote Jobs at Bright Machines in Remote Technical Recruiter salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bright Machines At Bright Machines our mission is to help companies manufacture more products, at a higher-quality and lower cost; by connecting individu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
