
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Writer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Writer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 A minimum of 5 years in a technical writing or lead writing role 
 Proven experience designing and delivering developer- and/or user-oriented documentation 
 Experienced using multiple documentation tools to develop base templates and manipulate output styles 
 Experience with XML-based publishing systems 
 Experience with Windows and Linux operating systems 
 Experience working directly with development teams 
 
The AWS Documentation team is looking for a senior technical writer for Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). Amazon S3 is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. Ideally, you have both experience managing a team and a demonstrated ability to deliver high-quality technical documentation. Any experience you have with web services, AWS, Amazon S3, Linux, XML, and GIT is also a bonus.
 
 Your responsibilities will be:  As a writer, you will work alongside your team documenting new features for existing services, improving existing documentation, and managing feedback loops with customers. As an AWS technical writer, you own your content and are responsible for delivering documentation that helps our customers successfully implement AWS services. You will collaborate with project managers to understand our customers’ needs and work closely with our software engineers to understand the services. You will also work with other technical writers and editors to improve your writing and grow professionally.
 
The AWS Documentation team writes and provides support for a diverse audience consisting of developers, DevOps professionals, IT professionals, technical program managers, and scientists. We have both the technical background and the writing background that enable our team to deliver high-quality technical documentation. On behalf of our customers, we do much more than just write the docs. We innovate, we research, we learn, and we experiment. We collaborate with product managers to understand our customers’ needs. We partner with software developers to learn the inner workings of AWS services so that we can influence design and the customer experience. We know that what we do makes a difference in the successful adoption and implementation of AWS services.
 AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 Learn more about Amazon on our Day 1 Blog:  https://blog.aboutamazon.com/
 
 
 Degree in English, Technical Writing, or related field highly desirable 
 Strong grammar skills 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills 
 A understanding of the software development life cycle (SDLC) 
 An understanding of cloud computing, including cloud storage technologies 
 Experience using Git or other version-control system (VCS) 
 Previous experience working in an agile environment is a plus 
 Passion to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment 
 A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Strong interpersonal skills 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technical Writer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Senior Technical Writer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
