
 
 
 
 Faculty Position in Radiology Research (7 Tesla MRI) - Jacksonville, FL 32099 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Faculty Position in Radiology Research (7 Tesla MRI) Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32099 Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Jacksonville 
State 
Florida 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Radiology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic Florida is a premier destination medical center in the US, ranked as the #1 hospital in Florida. The Department of Radiology employs more than 70 full-time faculty members spanning all radiology subspecialties including medical physics and artificial intelligence. The department houses state-of-the-art imaging equipment including a Siemens 7T Terra clinical/research MR scanner and an on-site cyclotron. There is highest level of institutional support and funding for translational neuroscience and innovations in biomedical engineering at Mayo Clinic with numerous intramural grants and awards. 
This opportunity is a long-term, institutionally funded position with a very competitive salary commensurate with experience. Mayo Clinic offers an outstanding, comprehensive benefits package that includes plenty of options for medical, dental and vision care; flexible spending accounts; life insurance; short- and long-term disability coverage; generous time away; and more! We are proud to be among the few U.S. companies to provide a pension benefit at no cost to employees plus you can add the Mayo 403(b) plan which features an employer match. 
Position description 
Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida is seeking a collaborative scientist to advance the clinical applications and translation of 7 Tesla MRI with a focus on brain imaging and neuroscience. Recent FDA approval of 7T MRI has provided the opportunity for routine use in clinical patients; however, substantial challenges remain in the translation of ultra-high field MRI. We are seeking candidates that may come from a variety of backgrounds who can contribute to novel approaches to help address some of these challenges. Example applications include, but are not limited to, MR image acquisition, reconstruction, sequence design, software engineering, advanced imaging processing, and computational methodology.
 The preferred candidate will possess a PhD in a relevant field such as engineering, mathematics, computer science, health science, physics, AI, or data analytics/quantitation. Current research funding is not required, but preferred. Candidates will be expected to make progress towards extramural funding within the first three years. The candidate would work alongside a highly qualified team of ultra-high field MR physicists and radiologists, with ample opportunity to collaborate with the Mayo Clinic artificial intelligence and image data science teams enterprise wide. The Research shield at Mayo Clinic is committed to creating a diverse environment and recognizes that diverse research teams make better decisions, are more equipped to solve complex problems and adapt to change, and produce better outcomes. That diversity is about opening up to unconventional ideas that create better outcomes, while recognizing colleagues' unique contributions. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer! 
Category 
Physicians & Scientists 
Specialty 
Radiology, Research 
Job posting number 
154897BR 
Recruiter 
Natalie Brewster 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL Faculty salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
