
 
 
 
 BRIM Convergent Invoicing Functional Architect - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search BRIM Convergent Invoicing Functional Architect Capgemini 8,255 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
SAP Convergent Invoicing implementation configuration knowledge 
At least worked on 2-3 projects in BRIM CI/FICA area. 
Knowledge of Convergent Invoicing including BITs and CITs, Billing, Invoicing, Posting Area, Bill Cycle, FICA 
8-9 years of experience with Hands-on experience across SAP Convergent Invoicing implementation knowledge and FICA. 
Also having end to end knowledge of BRIM functional processes & data flow. 
At least worked on 2-3 projects in BRIM CI/FICA area. Having knowledge of usage based & recurring billing scenarios. 
Knowledge of Convergent Invoicing including BITs & CITs, Billing, Invoicing, Posting Area, Bill Cycle, FICA posting, Revenue Accrual, Billing Request, Invoicing offsetting etc. 
Knowledge of FICA configuration including FICA document configuration, Posting Area, clearing variant & rules, Inbound/outbound payment handling, Bank integration, write off, G/L Posting etc. 
Good to be certified in BRIM. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Architect salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
