
 
 
 
 Senior AI Data Scientist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior AI Data Scientist Change Healthcare 1,170 reviews Seattle, WA Change Healthcare 1,170 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Transforming the future of healthcare isn’t something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact. 
As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities. 
Here at Change Healthcare, we’re using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life. 
 
 If you’re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that’s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare. 
Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all. 
Empower Your Future. Make a Difference. 
Title: 
Senior AI Data Scientist 
Overview of Position 
The Data Scientist will be responsible for supporting Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Data Science solutions for Change Healthcare, reporting to an AI Data Science leader under the Chief AI Officer. 
We’re looking for data scientists with a passion for artificial intelligence to help drive a new generation of data and machine learning enabled services and products to impact healthcare. You will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists specializing in deep learning, active learning, and classical machine learning, one of the richest data sets in US healthcare, nearly limitless cloud compute resources including Spark clusters and GPUs, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products.
 The ideal candidate will have a background in machine learning, have experience working with large data sets, and have some experience in building and deploying data-driven innovative AI solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the customer first, team first, and have demonstrated success in using data science to develop and deploy AI solutions with a focus on customer impact. You also are able to rapidly prototype new ideas and methods to deliver quality code that is testable and concise. 
What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job? 
Use AI/ML technologies to innovate current Chang Healthcare operations. The tasks of innovation include, but not limited to: Smart revenue management, Intelligent payment platform, medical chart reading, code reading with noisy and incomplete OCR documents, Conversational AI to facilitate customer services and other healthcare related use cases. 
Work closely with business and operations to understand the business requirements. To be able convert ambiguous requirements to mathematical AI models that can be trained and deployed to solve business problems. 
Have strong implementation skills to the proposed solutions and work closely with engineering team to create product pipelines that are scalable and flexible. 
Willing to work in an agile and fast-moving working environment. 
Passion for learning and innovating at new AI technologies that can facilitate future projects 
What are the requirements needed for this position? 
Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, bioinformatics, or other hardcore technical fields with profound mathematical training. Proficient in translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework 
3+ years of experience after graduation in the areas of AI/ML. 
Fluency in one of the scripting languages, such as: Python, Scalar, PySpark and others. 
Experience with Spark, MapReduce and other big data processing tools is preferred. 
Familiar with both SQL and noSQL databases, ability to write efficient queries in SQL. 
Expertise in NLU/NLP, Conversational AI. 
Expertise with one of the Deep Learning platforms, such as, TensorFlow, Pytorch, and Keras. 
Expertise in Knowledge Graph and personalization. 
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance 
The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner 
Familiar with AWS and its components, such as EMR, S3, EC2, SageMaker. or customer build AI Platform. 
What other skills/experience would be helpful to have? 
Ph.D. with experiences on medical coding, medical chart reading, entity detection, and other reading comprehension using AI/NLP technologies 
Ph.D. with experience on big data processing in the areas of Revenue cycle management includes, but not limited to, risk management, payment accuracy, smart reconciliation, etc... 
Ph.D. with experiences on conversational AI technologies, such as AI model for intent detection, NER, dialog management and other related components 
Experience with medical ontologies, medical Knowledge Graph that links multiple entities, such as patients, providers, and payers. Possess the ability to run large scale inference on top of KG and generate business values 
Experience with medical image processing, diagnosis based on images and narratives using AI technologies 
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of partners (product managers, engineers, designers, senior executives) 
Be able to mentor junior data scientists and be able to lead projects from end to end 
What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job?
 General office demands 
#northwest 
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system! 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement 
 Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read  EEO is the Law  at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf. 
If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. 
Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy. 
Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws. Change Healthcare 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Change Healthcare in Seattle, WA Senior Data Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Change Healthcare Change Healthcare 1,170 reviews Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We provide software and analyt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
