
 
 
 
 Robotic Software Engineer / Protocol - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Robotic Software Engineer / Protocol Neato Robotics 7 reviews San Jose, CA Neato Robotics 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Protocol Software Engineer
 
Neato Robotics is developing technology at the forefront of robotics & artificial intelligence.
 
Our products are designed to free people from household chores and will change how we all look at housekeeping tasks. Our products, the award-winning Neato family of autonomous robotic vacuums, have set new standards for intelligence, ease of use and cleaning effectiveness. The products have been available in retail and online in the U.S. since 2010, and more recently in Europe and Asia. And they are only the first few of many new products to come.
 
Our team consists of roboticists, mechanical, electrical and software engineers and product professionals who have launched brands that are now familiar names in consumer electronics. Our management team is seasoned in leading startups from early stage to successful multinational enterprises.
 
We are wholly owned subsidiary of Vorwerk International and headquartered in San Jose. For more information on Neato robotics please visit our web site at www.neatorobotics.com .
 
The Protocol Software Engineer shall architect, design, develop and maintain communication and command protocol between:
 
(a) The physical robot device (autonomous cleaning robot) running embedded Linux
 
(b) The Cloud infrastructure
 
(c) End-user smart devices running iOS and Android
 
(d) IoT home devices like Google Home, Alexa and Apple Home Pod
 
(e) Third party developers
 
The communication protocol exposes robot dependent hardware capabilities, e.g., vacuuming, mapping, mopping, floor scrubbing, security video streaming, in-home WiFi network coverage mapping to the Neato servers and IoT devices.
 
Responsibilities
 
The Protocol Software Engineer shall architect, design, develop and maintain communication and command protocol between:
 
The physical robot device (autonomous cleaning robot) running embedded Linux
 
The Cloud infrastructure
 
End-user smart devices running iOS and Android
 
IoT home devices like Google Home, Alexa and Apple Home Pod
 
Third party developers
 
The communication protocol exposes robot dependent hardware capabilities, e.g., vacuuming, mapping, mopping, floor scrubbing, security video streaming, in-home WiFi network coverage mapping to the Neato servers and IoT devices.
 
Responsibilities
 
The protocol software engineer shall design protocol that scales to millions of existing and future Neato devices without sacrificing speed
 
Develop test harness and stand-alone simulators for validating protocol design and enabling cloud and robot teams to develop in parallel and independently test their deliverables
 
Work closely with product, app, cloud and robot software teams on feasibility and protocol solutions for existing and new features
 
Contribute to the feature set roadmap
 
 Qualifications: 
2+ years of experience writing POSIX code targeting devices with embedded Linux
 
2+ years of experience writing thread safe Inter Process Communication (IPC) software
 
5+ years of experience developing Python and C/C++ software
 
2+ years of experience with JSON REST APIs
 
2+ years of experience developing systems with Cloud, App and IOT device components
 
 Nice to Have: 
2+ years of experience with developing applications for Alexa and Google Home
 
2+ years of experience with developing applications for autonomous robots (UAVs, robotic vacuum cleaning devices, delivery robots, and/or factory assisting robots)
 
31&0820 Neato Robotics 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Robotics Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Neato Robotics in San Jose, CA Robotics Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Neato Robotics Neato Robotics 7 reviews Based in Silicon Valley, California, Neato Robotics, Inc. was founded on the idea that it’s possible to create robots that are smart enou... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
