
 
 
 
 Desktop Analyst - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Desktop Analyst Capgemini 8,255 reviews Boston, MA Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :24+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Retrieve all new computers from 800 dock for TSE 
Initial set-up of all new PCs 
Troubleshooting PC issues 
Focal for loaner laptops 
Collects and dispositions old monitors, headsets, keyboards, power supplies, etc. 
Expeditor for co-op laptops (acquisition and disposition) 
Assist in data retrieval in case of hard drive crash, or other loss of data 
IT Asset tracking 
Mobile phone setup/assistance. 
Back up to coordinate telepresence meetings 
Skype Issues 
Assistance with conference room projector issues 
Requirements : 
Configure ATW workstations for test customer needs 
Network Admin for Helios (and other) servers 
General TSE workstation imaging support (i.e. helper for Tom Panning) 
Network troubleshooting (IDR has been having issues) 
TSDS/IS workstation Linux imaging support (Doellman/Nichols/Delp helper) 
ATW setup and support (with real-time Agilis) 
Lead lunch and learn training sessions for new applications, tips and tricks for Microsoft suite (e.g. pivot table basics, etc.), data management, etc. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Capgemini in Boston, MA Analyst salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
