
 
 
 
 Program Coordinator - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Coordinator US Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars Washington, DC Job details Salary $60,129 - $78,167 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This position is located in the Science and Technology Innovation Program (STIP) at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. This position serves as Program Coordinator in support of the STIP initiatives. Directly reporting to the Director of the Serious Games Initiative as rating official and the STIP Director as reviewing official, the incumbent performs administrative duties and responsibilities as well as programmatic research. 
 Responsibilities 
 Duties include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 Coordinate program and project budgets with the STIP Director to include preparation of budget projections, honoraria, contracts, and payments. 
 Maintain and support grant acquisition and report-outs, as well as contract processing 
 Coordinate logistical aspects of the STIP team, including internal coordination around implementation of strategic plan 
 Respond to inquiries for the program and supports relationships with external stakeholders as directed, such as Congressional staff, academic institutions, global leaders and press 
 In consultation with supervisor, manages the program's outreach efforts to keep them up to date on a daily basis, such as social media, the public website, emails, newsletters, and other forms of external communication as assigned 
 Supports the launch of publications and other deliverables by the STIP team 
 Collaborate with program experts and senior staff members in drafting talking points for the Director or other Wilson Center executives as they relate to STIP programmatic initiatives and research
 Identify and work closely with partner organizations in areas of expertise, maintaining fluid communications and opportunities for joint activities 
 Support the STIP Director and other staff members in coordinating internal and external outreach initiatives affiliated with STIP 
 
 Travel Required 
 Not required 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 9
 Job family (Series) 
 0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 U.S. Citizenship Required. 
 Must pass a pre-employment security investigation. 
 A one year trial/probationary period may be required. 
 Must provide resume and supporting documents (See How to Apply). 
 Selective Service registration must be met for eligible persons 
 Qualifications 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  To be considered minimally qualified for this position, you must demonstrate that you have the required specialized experience and/or education for the respective grade level in which you are applying: 
 
You must have at least one year of full-time specialized experience or the equivalent, comparable to at least the GS-07 level in the Federal Service (obtained in either the public or private sector). This experience must include activities such as: Supporting program and project budgets, including preparation of budget projections, honoraria, contracts, and payments; Coordinating logistical aspects of programs/projects, such as conferences, meetings, and other program events, including travel, with both internal and external stakeholders to include partner organizations; organizing, updating and maintaining calendar, electronic files and records; maintaining/updating program outreach efforts, such as social media, the public website, emails, newsletters, and other forms of external communication as assigned; coordinating internal and external outreach initiatives affiliated within program's purview; Prior experience and/or education has required demonstrated knowledge of, and interest in global, leading scientific issue areas, such as 5G, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, space security, and/or scientific workforce development, sufficient to draft talking points for these programmatic initiatives and research. 
 
 OR 
 
 
You have successfully completed a Master's degree or two (2) full years of graduate level study (36 semester units or the number of units your school uses to describe two graduate years of academic study) leading to a Master's degree or LL.B., J.D., in a directly related field that provided the knowledge, skills, and abilities necessary to perform this work. 
 
 OR 
 
You have a combination of specialized experience described in A and graduate level education described in described in B that, when combined, equals 100% of the total requirement. (Please note: Only graduate education in excess of the first year (generally 18 Semester Hours) may be used in this calculation.) 
 
 IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE MAY NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE.  If your resume does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). 
 
For more information on the qualifications for this position, click here.
 Education 
 Foreign Education:  If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.htm 
 
In addition, when reviewing applicant's transcripts, assumptions will not be made. Applicants MUST state which coursework is relevant.
 Additional information 
 The Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP)  provides eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a displaced employee eligible for ICTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your ICTAP eligibility; 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement; and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must satisfy all qualification requirements for the vacant position and have a final assessment score of 85 or better. You must provide proof of eligibility with your application. Such proof may include a copy of your written notification of ICTAP eligibility or a copy of your separation personnel action form. Additional information about ICTAP eligibility is at: http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ictap 
 
 The Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)  provides eligible surplus and displaced competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. If your agency has notified you in writing that you are a surplus or displaced employee eligible for CTAP consideration, you may receive selection priority if: 1) this vacancy is within your CTAP eligibility, 2) you apply under the instructions in this announcement, and 3) you are found well-qualified for this vacancy. To be well qualified, you must satisfy all qualification requirements for the vacant position and rate equivalent to the Highly Qualified or better category using established category rating criteria. You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP eligibility with your application. Additional information about CTAP eligibility is at: http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ctap 
 
 Reasonable Accommodation Requests:  If you believe you have a disability (i.e., physical or mental), covered by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as amended and Americans with Disabilities Act 1990 as amended, that would interfere with completing the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, you will be granted the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation in your online application. Requests for Reasonable Accommodations for the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments and appropriate supporting documentation for Reasonable Accommodation must be received prior to starting the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. Decisions on requests for Reasonable Accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. If you meet the minimum qualifications of the position, after notification of the adjudication of your request, you will receive an email invitation to complete the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. You must complete all assessments within 48 hours of receiving the URL to access the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments. To determine if you need a Reasonable Accommodation, please review the Procedures for Requesting a Reasonable Accommodation for Online Assessments here. 
 
 Note:  Multiple selections may be made from this announcement. Salaries listed above are an approximation and are subject to duty station locality adjustment. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Your application will be evaluated and rated under the agency's Category Rating and Selection Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed on this announcement. If you are basically qualified for this job, your resume and supporting documentation will be compared to your responses on the online assessment questionnaire. If you rate yourself higher than is supported by your application materials, your responses may be adjusted and/or you may be excluded from consideration for this job. Your application will then be placed in one of three categories: Best Qualified, Highly Qualified, or Qualified. 
 
 Best Qualified  - applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors, and who are highly proficient in all requirements of the job and can perform effectively in the position; 
 Highly Qualified  - applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors, and who are proficient in some, but not all, of the requirements of the job; 
 Qualified  - applicants possessing experience and/or education that meets the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors. You will be assessed on the following competencies (knowledge, skills, abilities and other characteristics): 
 
Attention to Detail 
Customer Service 
Flexibility 
Integrity/Honesty 
Interpersonal Skills 
Learning 
Self-Management 
Stress Tolerance 
Teamwork 
 Decision Making 
 Reading 
 Reasoning 
 
To be considered highly-qualified and exercise selection priority as an ICTAP candidate for this vacancy, displaced Federal employees must satisfy all qualification requirements for the position and receive a final assessment rating of 85. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Not Required
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 Your complete Application Package (containing the below required documents) must be received no later than 11:59 pm Eastern on 06/23/2021. 
 
To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: 
 
1. Your  Resume  showing work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment and duties performed .
 
2. A complete  Assessment Questionnaire
 
3. Other  Supporting Documents: 
 College transcript(s), if using education to qualify for this position 
 Any other supporting documentation required for verification as described in the announcement. 
 If you are requesting a reasonable accommodation to the USA Hire Competency Based Assessments, submit documentation to support your request, including the Reasonable Accommodation Request Form found here. 
 
 
 Veterans Preference 
If you are a veteran and you are claiming veteran's preference, you must submit a DD-214, Certificate of Release from Active Duty, which shows dates of service and discharge under honorable conditions. For competitive service positions, active duty service members expecting to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions within 120 days: you may be granted tentative preference by submitting a "certification" document in lieu of a Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, DD-214. This "certification" is any written document from the armed forces that certifies the service member is expected to be discharged or released from active duty service under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date of the submission of the certification. Veteran's preference must be verified prior to appointment. Without this documentation, you will not receive veteran's preference and your application will be evaluated based on the material(s) submitted. If you are claiming 10-point veteran's preference based on service-connected disability, in addition to the DD-214 or certification requirements, you must also submit an SF-15, "Application for 10-point Veterans' Preference, plus the proof of entitlement of this preference from the Department of Veterans Affairs certifying to the present existence of the service-connected disability and indicating the percentage of your disability. For more information on veterans' preference see http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/. 
 
 Active Duty Service Members-  You must submit a statement of discharge/certification of release or an official written document from the armed forces that certifies you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service in the armed forces under honorable conditions no later than 120 days from the date the certification is signed. Enlisted Record Briefs and military identification do NOT qualify as official documentation.
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 Open to All U.S. Citizens usajobs.gov 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Coordinator jobs in Washington, DC Program Coordinator salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
