
 
 
 
 Human Resource Manager- HR Consulting - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Human Resource Manager- HR Consulting Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission. 
We are looking for an HR manager who is passionate about influencing and impacting high growth and dynamic businesses through effective management (both proactive and reactive) of employee relations and related activities. This person will be a member of the HR Consulting team accountable for managing employee relations cases across the entire C+AI organization while analyzing trends and building linkages to management development, retention efforts, and HR business intelligence activity. 
The Cloud + Artificial Intelligence (C+AI) group is leading the way to enable Microsoft’s Cloud-First/Mobile-First strategy, and to transform both the industry and the future of enterprise computing. Our HR Consulting team provides world class HR service to the ~30,000 US managers and employees of C+AI. 
Responsibilities 
Employee Relations 
Leads the diagnostics and resolution of issues with increasing complexity and risk related to policy or culture concerns/violations and incident or threat response independently or by collaborating with managers/peers in Human Resources and Legal professions as appropriate; recommends solutions to address issues based on established principles and culture, while prioritizing employee experiences to maintain a safe and professional work environment. 
Assists/Partners with Workplace Investigations Team (WIT) or Office of Legal Compliance (OLC) in investigations of serious cases and implements appropriate remediation in conjunction with a business, region, or geography. May lead the investigations for a business, region, or geography where resources are limited. Ensures appropriate documentation of issues is in place. 
Identifies, raises, or escalates issues for trends in employee relations; works with their team to implement solutions to reduce employee relations issues for a business, region, or geography by collaborating with Human Resources and business partners (i.e., managers and employees). 
 HR Solutions Consulting 
Provides expert consulting services to managers and employees in one or more focus areas related to HR programs, processes, and initiatives; engages and collaborates with HR partners to influence the decision-making related to managed programs, processes, and initiatives; analyzes the situations for a business, region, or geography and offers perspectives as a subject matter expert. 
Conducts, informs, and/or participates in cross-functional data analysis related to processes managed, with data supported by Human Resources Business Intelligence (HRBI)/Human Resources (HR) Report; partners with Human Resources Business Partners (HRBP) on organizational health diagnostics to identify and present trends/insights in a structured way; escalates risks and concerns related to organizational health. Interprets reports based on the business/local context; makes ad-hoc, data-driven recommendations by doing research and communicating with business leaders. 
 Capability Building 
Conducts one-on-one consulting/coaching with managers on performance management and development-related processes based on established training agenda and communication plans; conducts or designs training sessions/events for employees and managers. 
In partnership with peer Human Resource (HR) disciplines and professions (e.g., Talent Management, Learning and Development), manages/implements scalable capability building projects, programs, and/or other initiatives (e.g., manager excellence community, manager capability, onboarding, team-building, rewards communication) by leveraging existing resources/solutions to mitigate duplicated efforts for a business, region, or geography. 
Uses data to participate in identifying and anticipating training needs within a business, region, or geography; recommends customized solutions (e.g., training, communication) to address capability gaps, and coordinates and/or delivers training. 
HR Project and Programs 
Drives the execution, implementation, and/or operation of scalable Human Resources programs (e.g., Rhythm of Business (ROB)/performance and development cycle, management excellence communities, employee movement, ad-hoc projects); acts as a liaison to collaborate with Center of Excellence (CoE) and a business, region, or geography. 
Leads the design and implementation of local HR projects or programs (e.g., critical positions retention, mid-year performance checkpoint) based on the unique needs of a business, region, or geography. 
Leverages, aligns, and integrates communication strategies and messages from the Center of Excellence (CoE) and customizes the messages (e.g., resource documents, training documents, presentations, web-based information) for a business, region, or geography. 
Operational Compliance 
Understands and applies Microsoft values and current HR policies regarding managed projects and programs (e.g., leave and retirement, immigration, performance improvement program); advises employees and managers on compliance to policies and procedures. 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
7+ years experience with Human Resources or Business programs/processes 
OR Bachelor’s Degree AND 5+ years experience with Human Resources or Business programs/processes. 
 Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR)/Society for Human Resources Management-Certified Professional (SHRM-CP). 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Manager jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Human Resources Manager salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
