
 
 
 
 IP Counsel - Cambridge, MA 02141 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IP Counsel Philips 3,728 reviews Cambridge, MA 02141 Philips 3,728 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job Title 
IP Counsel 
Job Description 
If you are a Colorado resident and this role is a field-based or remote role, you may be eligible to receive additional information about the compensation and benefits for this role, which we will provide upon request. You may  contact  888-367-7223 , option 5, for assistance. 
In this role, you have the opportunity to 
Advance your career in one of the world’s largest and best known industrial IP organizations. If you are a patent attorney with solid experience in intellectual property, then joining Philips Intellectual Property & Standards (IP&S) as an IP Counsel is a unique opportunity to accelerate your career and contribute as a valued member to a world-class organization that aspires to create a healthier society. 
You are responsible for 
Shaping the building of our IP portfolio, focusing on innovations in the healthcare field, including IP related to information technology (such as software, databases, mobile apps, and artificial intelligence) to provide optimal IP protection to the business so that we can create maximum value from that portfolio through licensing and other commercial IP-based deals. 
Advising Philips’ businesses and research organizations in all IP-related matters with a focus upon patent creation and prosecution. 
Managing third-party IP risks. 
You are a part of 
Joining Philips IP&S as an IP Counsel, you will become part of an international community of IP professionals with wide-ranging technical backgrounds and IP experience, gained both inside and outside Philips. Comprising professionals of many different nationalities who collaborate with Philips businesses across the globe, the Philips IP&S team offers you excellent opportunities for learning and professional networking to increase your knowledge of intellectual property matters and to continue your professional development. You will work closely with colleagues in the business and commercial legal group as part of a team-based approach to supporting the IP needs of Philips. 
To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience 
A Bachelor’s degree and technical background in electrical engineering, computer science, or physics. A master’s degree or higher is a plus. 
A licensed US Patent Attorney with at least three (3) years of patent creation experience at a law firm, or a mix of law firm and in-house experience, preferably at a multinational organization. 
Ability to handle IP matters related to digitization, artificial intelligence, software, and services as a solution. 
Confidence, critical thinking, and experience at multitasking. 
Strong professional drive. 
Excellent analytical and intellectual capabilities. 
Excellent relationship building, influencing, and negotiating abilities. 
Excellent communications skills to operate at all levels both internally and externally 
In return, we offer you 
The Philips IP&S team offers you excellent opportunities for learning and professional networking to increase your knowledge of intellectual property matters and to continue your professional development. 
US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa. 
Why should you join Philips? 
Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving three billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. Learn more by watching this video. 
To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions. 
It is the policy of Philips to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military status or a person’s relationship or association with a protected veteran, including spouses and other family members, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws. 
As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact  888-367-7223 , option 5, for assistance. 
Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran 
#LI-PHI 
Contact 
If you forgot your password, you can click the  Forgot Password  button on the Sign In screen to reset it. Philips 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Philips in Cambridge, MA Counsel salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Philips Philips 3,728 reviews Philips is a leading health technology company focused on improving people's health and well-being, and enabling better outcomes across t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
