
 
 
 
 Regional Clinical Scientist - IGT (Los Angeles, CA) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Regional Clinical Scientist - IGT (Los Angeles, CA) Philips 3,728 reviews Remote Remote Philips 3,728 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job Title 
Regional Clinical Scientist - IGT (Los Angeles, CA) 
Job Description 
If you are a Colorado resident and this role is a field-based or remote role, you may be eligible to receive additional information about the compensation and benefits for this role, which we will provide upon request. You may c ontact  888-367-7223 , option 5, for assistance. 
In this role, you have the opportunity to 
Use your clinical and technical knowledge and translate these into concrete applications and scientific studies to create growth for Image-Guided Therapy (IGT) Business and Philips. You are part of a team responsible for defining and developing future technologies to address key clinical needs shaping minimally invasive procedures on a global level. 
Are you ready to make a difference? Using your clinical and technical knowledge you will be part of shaping the future of a wide range of minimally invasive procedures. In the Innovation group of Philips Image Guided Therapy – Systems (IGT-S) we are working on exciting new solutions to better serve the needs of patients and physicians while lowering the cost of care. The group consists of clinical, technical and business professionals who, together with a network of clinicians, work on clinical studies, clinical prototypes or even on small-scale product introductions as part of a venture team. This is your opportunity to become part of this dynamic environment where the latest technologies like augmented reality, artificial intelligence, cloud computing and robotics are used to create clinical and/or economical value in the field of diagnostic and interventional imaging. This role will cover activities in the West Coast region, with a focus on Southern California and candidates should be located in the Los Angeles area. US work authorization is a precondition of employment. The company will not consider candidates who require sponsorship for a work-authorized visa now or in the future. 
You are responsible for 
Providing feedback and input on the roadmap towards the long-term clinical strategy of our IGT business. 
Engage in several clinical areas (Cardiology, Electrophysiology, Interventional Pulmonology, (Neuro-) Endovascular Interventions, Interventional Oncology and Surgery). 
Maintaining and developing a regional network of clinical Key Opinion Leaders (KOL’s) and jointly driving ideation and feasibility studies on future technologies in line with the BIU strategy and its stakeholders. 
Keep abreast of clinical, regulatory, market, (interaction-) design and technical developments in the relevant areas through clinical workflow analysis, Medical Advisory Boards, frequent clinical visits, Literature research and Conference participation. 
Initiate Clinical studies for feasibility and coordinate investigator-initiated post-market clinical studies' to de-risk and prove scientific merit and clinical value of our technologies. You aim for publications using state of the art protocols and study designs, in close collaboration with a team of clinical scientists and marketing on the required proof points. 
Make knowledge available for operational use within Philips to support (regional) marketing efforts and increase market awareness and acceptance of new technology solutions, by demonstrating the added value to clinical outcome and/or workflow efficiency, through transfer of clinical science results to Marketing, Application and Development. 
Assist with customer presentations focused on the clinical and technical components of the value proposition. 
You are a part of
 You will be part of the IGT-S Clinical Science team within the department of Clinical Science, Innovation and New Business Creation in Best, The Netherlands. In the Clinical Science Department, the focus is on looking forward to the creation and gathering evidence on the value of new technologies in clinical practice. Projects are usually multidisciplinary with both technical people as well as and representatives from marketing, regulatory and involvement of our healthcare partners. 
To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience 
You have an MD, Masters and/or Ph.D. degree in biomedical sciences, or relevant experience (5+ years) in a related field. 
Experienced in running clinical investigations in a hospital environment. 
Strong leadership, creative and analytical skills. 
A proactive entrepreneurial thinker and self-starter. 
Proven team player with the ability to think and work independently. 
A ‘hands-on’ approach and good communication skills and able to communicate well with all stakeholders (Physician investigators, Marketing, Clinical Science, Suppliers, and Development etc.). 
Able to travel to area hospitals and occasionally attend medical congresses. 
In return, we offer you 
We are happy to provide an opportunity to work with a world leader in healthcare and deliver solutions that will have a direct impact on patient care, supporting clinicians and in general improving lives. You will be part of a flexible team of highly skilled professionals that are able to find an excellent work-life balance. 
Why should you join Philips? 
Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways. Learn more by watching this video. 
To find out more about what it’s like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions. 
It is the policy of Philips to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military status or a person’s relationship or association with a protected veteran, including spouses and other family members, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws. 
As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact  888-367-7223 , option 5, for assistance. 
 Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran 
#LI-PH1
 #LI-Remote 
Contact 
If you forgot your password, you can click the  Forgot Password  button on the Sign In screen to reset it. Philips 23 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Clinical Research Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Philips in Remote Clinical Research Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Philips Philips 3,728 reviews Philips is a leading health technology company focused on improving people's health and well-being, and enabling better outcomes across t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
