
 
 
 
 SAP SD Consultant - King of Prussia, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP SD Consultant Capgemini 8,255 reviews King of Prussia, PA Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Role Duration: 3+ months 
Required Skills and Experience: 
15 + years of implementing business applications primarily SAP S/4, ECC 
5 + years of implementing SAP GTS and 2 + years of SAP S/4 GTS implementation experience 
Excellent communication skills, including written and oral; with the ability to present to large groups with confidence. 
Implementation experiences on SAP S/4 Global Trade Services. Project experience with S/4 HANA is preferred 
Specific SAP GTS Module experience include: 
Sanctioned Party List Screening 
Embargo Check 
Import Export Legal Controls 
Embargo screening with release 
Export Control List (ECL) and Customs Classification 
License Management 
Customs Communication 
Customs Duty calculation 
Trade Document Service 
Trade Preference 
Letter of Credit and Eurostat (i.e. Intrastat/Extrastat) processing, as well as SAP S/4 HANA Business Partner Screening 
Knowledge of implementing GTS in a Global Environment is required. 
End-to- end configuration and customization knowledge in the areas of: SAP GTS, Order to Cash 
Knowledge of BAPIs, business events, user-exits in the area of SAP GTS, OTC, FI-CO. 
S4/HANA processes, technical and integration knowledge. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job SAP Consultant jobs in King of Prussia, PA Jobs at Capgemini in King of Prussia, PA SAP Consultant salaries in King of Prussia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
