
 
 
 
 Silicon Power Architect - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Silicon Power Architect - New College Grad NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is seeking an exceptional Power Architect to help us build power efficient and performance leading SOC's. This position offers the opportunity to have real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics, to self-driving cars, to the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have built a team of extraordinary people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing.
 What you'll be doing:
 Optimizing power and performance across technical, product, and usage constraints for Nvidia SoCs in driving, robotics, multimedia, edge computing, and other embedded applications.
 Working with teams throughout the company (RTL, PD, Circuit, SI, Thermal, SW, Platform, Operations, Marketing, etc...) to deliver outstanding power solutions.
 Guiding HW Design teams in evaluating and improving power efficiency of their implementations.
 Creating power models of key SoC units to evaluate architectural tradeoffs in DL/ML (training/inference), CPU, GPU, and multimedia workloads.
 What we need to see:
 Pursuing Bachelors or Masters or have equivalent experience in Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering with a focus on computer architecture and power.
 Excellent coding and scripting skills, preferably in C/C++ and Python.
 Understanding of the many factors influencing power efficiency at chip, system, and product levels.
 Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills.
 A drive to continuously learn and expand architectural breadth and depth.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience with modeling and optimization of power and/or performance.
 Prior experience in power architecture and design
 NVIDIA is widely considered one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We employ some of the most forward-thinking and innovative people in the world. Are you passionate about joining our life work to amplify human imagination and intelligence? If you are creative, collaborative, and have a real passion for design methodology and automation, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Architect salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
