
 
 
 
 Market Intelligence Manager (Contract) - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Market Intelligence Manager (Contract) Bright Machines San Francisco, CA Job Company Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description CHANGE AN INDUSTRY 
We’re disruptors, innovators, and doers who aren’t afraid to challenge what’s possible. 
At Bright Machines, our mission is to change the speed, scalability, and flexibility of manufacturing. We bring software-defined intelligence down to the factory floor and enable our customers to modernize their manufacturing operations effortlessly. 
Working at Bright Machines is an opportunity to be part of a growing team that enables anyone to build anything, anywhere. If you’re ready to apply your exceptional skills to create the platform that will define the next generation of manufacturing, we’d love to speak with you. 
Let’s disrupt an industry. It will be fun! 
ABOUT THE ROLE 
Passionate about market intelligence, market research, and strategic analysis of the manufacturing space? 
We're looking for someone to support our market intelligence efforts for a fast-growing startup in the manufacturing/robotics space. You will focus on assessing the industry's technology landscape, identifying new markets for the business, and maintaining reliable SWOT analysis for the company. The ideal candidate for this role is a self-starter, enjoys solving problems, proven track record of conducting research, and attention to detail. 
This is a 6 month contract assignment, with possibility for extension. 
 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 
Analyze market trends, maintain knowledge of industry, developments and best practices. 
Perform valid and reliable market research SWOT analysis 
Provide analysis on various company market offerings in the manufacturing space, identify market trends, pricing/business models, sales and methods of operation 
Size, analyze and assess target addressable markets (TAM) for new market opportunities 
Remain fully informed on market trends, other parties research and implement best practices 
Maintaining a “living” database of the aforementioned market intelligence for the broader Bright Machines organization. 
 WHAT WE WANT TO SEE 
A self-starter who likes being a problem solver 
Strong attention to detail and an affinity for research 
Team player, willing to learn 
Undergraduate or graduate level degree 
5+ years of demonstrated experience with qualitative and quantitative market research skills, including but not limited to data analysis, competitive intelligence, data synthesis, SWOT analysis, and data driven recommendations 
3 + year of experience working with research tools. 
Experience working with industry analysts and secondary research 
 
 
IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU HAD 
A background in research/using research tool 
An interest in manufacturing, industry 4.0, industrial IoT, AI/ML, factory of the future etc. 
 WHO YOU ARE 
You are customer obsessed 
You believe in the power of a team, diversity of thought, and unity of action 
You always act with integrity, keep your commitments, and practice transparency 
You think boldly, lead with courage, and demand the highest standards 
You drive for results and act like an owner 
DO THE BEST WORK OF YOUR CAREER 
You’ll be challenged and will grow from solving problems that will have real-world customer benefit. You’ll be encouraged to find creative and innovative solutions that have never been built. 
We strike a balance between celebrating team success and a focus on individual growth. Paired with the best minds in the industry, your contributions will be impactful and significant as we disrupt a multi-billion-dollar industry. 
 
Bright Machines was named a “Technology Pioneer” by the World Economic Forum, one of “America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies” by Forbes, and an Inc. “Best in Business” winner. 
Come join us. Bright Machines 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Market Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Bright Machines in San Francisco, CA Market Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bright Machines At Bright Machines our mission is to help companies manufacture more products, at a higher-quality and lower cost; by connecting individu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
