
 
 
 
 Full Stack/Frontend Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack/Frontend Engineer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent professional experience 
 3+ years experience in front-end languages, libraries, and rendering technologies (JavaScript, Node.js, templating languages, web frameworks, HTML5, CSS/SASS). 
 3+ years experience delivering front-end software that is correct, stable, and security compliant. 
 3+ years of experience in multi-tier web architecture 
 
Amazon Issue Management (AIM) is looking for a Frontend Engineer to join our team in building enterprise-scale, mission-critical, multi-tiered web applications using the tools that are the well out in front on the technology wave. If you the one who is highly passionate about building stuff in fast-paced environment, owning product from end-to-end product and deliver a new exciting product that will enrich the user experience, please read on.
 
Our organization builds the in-house software platforms, services, and applications that Amazon uses to manage issues and projects. Our services and applications are used by more than 120,000 unique internal users every day across the entire company, from a fulfillment center worker checking on a product in a warehouse to an on-call software engineer responding to an AWS problem. Our applications are among the top critical business apps used internally within Amazon. We are deeply passionate about creating meaningful and delightful user experiences for our customers.
 
You are as passionate about creating compelling experiences for customers as we are. You know about and continually want to learn more about modern web frameworks. You strive to build highly responsive, intuitive, and sleek experiences for customers. You know about the nuances, pitfalls, strengths, and associated best practices of the various web application paradigms (single-page apps, MVC apps, static site generators, etc.). You’re determined to find the right approach even if it’s not your own. You believe in agile development and quick prototypes, and you strive to see your work in action. You are committed to building scalable, maintainable architectures, and to writing clean, readable code.
 
In this role, you will be responsible for working with engineers, UX designers, and product managers across teams to develop friendly UI experiences. You will help to define best practices in software architecting and build a highly efficient and skilled team that will own the frontend of a fast-growing AWS service. You will also influence and help shape the growth of our team and our organization.
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
#awsaim
 
 
 Passion for creating efficient, delightful, scalable, fast and accessible web interfaces. 
 Ability to think big and help innovate in a fast-paced environment. 
 Experience developing application using front-end frameworks like React, Angular, or Backbone 
 Proficient in view layout and rendering technologies (e.g., responsiveness, progressive enhancement, browser/device support). Know when it is appropriate to make graceful fallbacks. 
 Understanding of how to optimize the delivery of code and assets (e.g., images, fonts) to a browser or device (e.g., lazy loading assets, using CDNs, caching, compression, etc.). 
 Familiar with how to be efficient with resource usage (e.g., application impact on memory and CPU, caches appropriately, respectful of customer’s devices, etc.). 
 Experience instrumenting applications with real user metrics to reflect the customer experience 
 Familiarity with object-oriented design and RESTful web services 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Full Stack Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
