
 
 
 
 Cloud Solution Architect - AI/ML - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Solution Architect - AI/ML Microsoft 7,140 reviews United States Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
 
Microsoft aspires to help our customers achieve their own digital transformation, leveraging the power of Microsoft Cloud solutions and support offerings. To this end, Microsoft invests in a dedicated Customer Success team that will help Microsoft customers successfully realize their business outcomes. 
 
Azure is the most comprehensive, innovative and flexible cloud platform today and Microsoft is hiring professionals that will drive customer cloud adoption within the most important companies in the market. 
 
We are always learning. Insatiably curious. We lean into uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from our mistakes. We build on each other’s ideas because we are better together. We stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve and are motivated every day to empower others to do more and achieve more through our technology and innovation. Together we make a difference. 
 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture 
Check out all of our products at: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a highly motivated and passionate Artificial Intelligence Cloud Solution Architect to drive high priority AI customer initiatives on the Microsoft Azure Platform in collaboration with customers and the Microsoft field in Enterprise accounts segment of our business. This is a customer facing role, owning overall technical relationship between customer and Microsoft Artificial Intelligence Platform. The CSAs on this team will consist of both cognitive engineering and data scientist skills. 
 
You will own AI technical customer engagements including architectural design sessions, proof of concepts/technologies, specific implementation projects and MVPs. The ideal candidate will have experience in customer-facing roles and success leading end to end AI technical engagements and development of POCs using AI cognitive services and/or data science with senior customer executives, IT Management, Enterprise Architects, Data Scientists and Developers to drive AI solutions to production. 
Key responsibilities include: · 
Understand customers’ overall data estate Business and IT priorities and success measures to design AI solutions that drive business value. 
Apply technical knowledge to architect and design solutions that meet business and IT needs, create AI roadmaps, drive POCs and MVPs, and ensure long term technical viability of new deployments, infusing key AI technologies where appropriate (e.g. Azure ML, Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Bot Service, Azure Databricks, Azure Synapse, Power BI, etc.) 
Working on multiple pillars of AI - cognitive engineering, conversational bots and data science 
Working with multiple customers to createProof of concepts (POCs) / MinimumViable Products (MVPs) etc. and guiding customers through to production deployment and operationalizationof projects. 
Ensure that solution exhibits high levels of performance, security, scalability, maintainability, repeatability, appropriate reusability and reliability upon deployment. 
Develop deep relationships with key customer decision makers (both Business and IT) who drive long-term innovation and AI adoption within their company to enable them to be Azure AI advocates 
Be a Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Engineering team to remove key blockers and drive product improvements. 
Collaborate with other Cloud Solution Architects, Global Black Belts and MS stakeholders in developing complex end-to-end Enterprise AI solutions on Microsoft Cloud platforms. 
Maintain technical skills and knowledge, keeping up to date with market trends and competitive insights; collaborate and share with the AI technical community while educate customers on Azure platform. 
Be an Azure Platform evangelist with customers, partners and external communities. 
Qualifications 
Professional Experience 
Technical: 
Enterprise-scale technical experience with one or more AI pillars (Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Bot Service, Azure Machine Learning, or equivalent), Open-Source AI frameworks, MLOps, cloud and hybrid infrastructures and architecture designs. Required 
"Hands on" Experience creating AI Proofof Concepts, MinimumViable Products(MVPs)for customersthat lead to production deployments 
The technical aptitude and experience to learn new technologies and understand market and relevant cloud trends. 
Competitive Landscape: Knowledge of key AI platforms such as AWS, GCP, IBM Watson, etc. 
Partners: Understanding of partner ecosystems and the ability to leverage partner solutions to solve customer needs  preferred 
Depth / Subject Matter Expertise in two or more of the following Azure AI Platform Cloud solutions  (or equivalent on IBM Watson, AWS, GCP platforms) required: 
Azure Bot Services
 Azure Cognitive Services, Azure Cognitive Search 
Data Science / Machine Learning including Azure Machine Learning, ML Server, Azure Data bricks 
Breadth of technical experience and knowledge  preferred 
Application development skills - ability to stand up a back end (Python or similar), front end (node.js or similar) 
Architecture – the ability to create and explain 3-tier architecture diagrams, system context diagrams, system interaction diagrams, etc 
Experience in big data workloads like HDInsight, Hadoop, Spark, 
Advanced Analytics including Azure Databricks, visualization tools as Power BI 
Hands-on experience working on AI solutions, end-to-end, that have gone to production 
Communication : 
Relationship Building.  Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior executives. Experience in managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on solution/projects. The ability to influence and build relationships across technical and business teams Required 
Good business acumen to quickly understand the customer’s industry and business to have relevant discussions with business decision makers. 
Good understanding of key AI scenarios that are driving innovation in key industries such as Financial services, Retail, Healthcare etc. 
Problem Solving.  Ability to solve customer’s AI problems through various cloud technologies  Required 
Collaboration and Communication . Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, ability to communicate AI concepts effectively with business, data science and technical audiences, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Ability to orchestrate, lead, and influence virtual teams, ensuring successful implementation of customer projects. Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences (Senior Executives, IT Management, Data Scientists, Engineers)  Required 
Education 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Technology or related field preferred 
Certification in one or more of the following technologies preferred: Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science 
Experience 
Prior work experience in a Consulting/Architecture position within a software and/or services company such as Amazon, Google, IBM, etc. desired 
Prior solution delivery experience in AI specialized solution providers 
Travel required: 0-25% 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Software Architect salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
