
 
 
 
 Research Staff Member - Hybrid Cloud Storage - San Jose, CA 95101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Staff Member - Hybrid Cloud Storage IBM 30,778 reviews San Jose, CA 95101 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
Hybrid Cloud Storage Research group is looking for motivated researchers interested in working at the intersection of systems, storage, and Hybrid Cloud fields. Our group tackles most challenging data storage problems delivering business impact to IBM Storage, Cloud, and Red Hat Business Units, as well as to our external industry partners. We look for entrepreneurial candidates interested in conducting the full industrial research and development cycle - from ideation and establishing viable business cases, to full-system design, implementation, and productization, to influential scientific publications and IP protection. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 2 year Experience in two or more of the following technical fields :
 
 Backend software engineering (C/C++, Golang, Python, Rust) Linux user-space and kernel development Distributed systems and storage; Cloud storage File, block, and object storage IBM Spectrum Scale, RedHat Ceph Erasure coding and replication Containers, Kubernetes, OpenShift FPGA accelerator programming and integration (experience with Xilinx Vitis/Vivado/HLS) Programming GPU, TPU, and other host-attached AI accelerators Memory-centric storage systems, persistent memory, compute-near-memory, processing-in-memory Persistent memory programming, data structures, and algorithms Developing CPython internals (extension types, compute acceleration) Big data analytics and data sciences Overlay/underlay networking, wide-area, grid, peer-to-peer Storage management, security, and access control 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 2 years Experience in four or more of the following technical fields
 
 
 Backend software engineering (C/C++, Golang, Python, Rust) Linux user-space and kernel development Distributed systems and storage; Cloud storage File, block, and object storage IBM Spectrum Scale, RedHat Ceph Erasure coding and replication Containers, Kubernetes, OpenShift FPGA accelerator programming and integration (experience with Xilinx Vitis/Vivado/HLS) Programming GPU, TPU, and other host-attached AI accelerators Memory-centric storage systems, persistent memory, compute-near-memory, processing-in-memory Persistent memory programming, data structures, and algorithms Developing CPython internals (extension types, compute acceleration) Big data analytics and data sciences Overlay/underlay networking, wide-area, grid, peer-to-peer Storage management, security, and access control 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 16 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at IBM in San Jose, CA Researcher salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
