
 
 
 
 Business Analyst - Herndon, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Analyst Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Herndon, VA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's Degree, preferably in an analytical field - e.g. Economics, Business, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance. 
 5+ years of experience working in Analytics/Business Intelligence environment 
 Experience building visualizations and dashboards using Tableau/Quicksight 
 Experience in working with databases and relational data set solutions in a business environment 
 Proficient in extracting and processing data using SQL or Python or any other scripting language 
 Detail-oriented and must have an aptitude for solving unstructured problems. The role will require the ability to extract data from various sources and to design/construct/execute complex analyses to come up with data/reports that help solve the business problem 
 Excellent oral/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both internal and external stakeholders 
 Strong problem solving skills. Strong analytic capabilities to provide insights as well as recommendations to make data-driven decisions 
 Should be comfortable managing, manipulating and analyzing large data sets 
 Ability to work effectively and multi-task in an ambiguous, high volume environment 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 Custom Billing Solutions (CBS) is looking for talented and highly motivated Business Analyst to join our Projects team focused in creating tools and processes for CBS team. The team member will partner with stakeholders to ensure participating customers realize intended benefits. An effective candidate will be a creative problem solver, committed to the team, and able to work around obstacles. The analyst will support extracting data and create automated tools and templates using programing languages and dashboards to support Billing teams.
 
 
 An MS in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, or a related field 
 Experience with cloud-based databases and data lakes, especially those based on AWS technologies (e.g. Redshift) 
 Successful record of building and improving operational processes and procedures, ability to drive program efficiency and high levels of customer satisfaction - 
 Great organizational skills and attention to detail; able to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously 
 Proactive and forward-thinking attitude and creative problem-solving ability 
 Intellectual curiosity, tenacity, and drive to get stuff done 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Analyst jobs in Herndon, VA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Herndon, VA Business Analyst salaries in Herndon, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
