
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Security - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, Security Google 3,890 reviews San Francisco, CA Google 3,890 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations:  San Francisco, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience. 
 Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go. 
 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science. 
 10 years of experience designing and implementing software systems in Java, C, C++ and/or Python, including experience designing security solutions for operating systems and distributed systems. 
 Experience in applications security, cryptography, network security, systems security or malware analysis. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 In this role, you will focus on security and/or privacy engineering for components of our systems, such as client devices, networking equipment and server infrastructure, with an emphasis on threats from all sources. You will be building large-scale systems to protect Google's users and cloud customers, including; hardening our core infrastructure, detecting intrusion attempts, monitoring privileged user activity, providing identity and access management services, or preventing malware across various platforms. 
At Google, our users come first, and the Systems Infrastructure team is at the heart of that promise. We build the technologies that transform the way we think about doing business. Whether working on our cloud systems, researching the latest in computer technology or keeping Google's internal systems humming, Googlers and users alike rely on us to keep things running. We're back-end experts: protecting your privacy and ensuring your security. 
Responsibilities 
 Research, design and apply advanced security techniques. 
 Design and engineer cloud security services and infrastructure. 
 Develop advanced security and cryptographic systems. 
 Build large-scale detection systems. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Security Specialist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA IT Security Specialist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,890 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
