
 
 
 
 Fellowship, Data Science - Dallas, TX 75231 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fellowship, Data Science American Heart Association 736 reviews Dallas, TX 75231 American Heart Association 736 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Are you ready to join an organization where you can make an  extraordinary impact  every day? 
Imagine all Americans enjoying ideal cardiovascular health free of heart disease and stroke. At the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association, we get to work toward that goal every day. Is it easy? No. Is it worthwhile? Absolutely. 
This is satisfying and challenging work that makes a real difference in people's lives. We are where you can achieve professional growth with personal fulfillment. We are where you can connect people to making a lifesaving impact. We are where you can partner with individuals, schools, lawmakers, healthcare providers and others to ensure everyone has access to healthier lifestyle choices and proper healthcare. The American Heart Association is where you can make an extraordinary impact. 
Responsibilities:
 
The  American Heart Association (AHA)  has an excellent opportunity for a  Data Engineer Fellow  in our  National Center  office located in  Dallas, Texas (Remote or Home Based is acceptable). 
In this role, you will help drive the development of the next generation technology platform for scientific research. The ideal candidate will have an interest in using data science including Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to advance the science of precision medicine within the AHA Institute for Precision Cardiovascular Medicine. The Institute is a highly collaborative environment and the candidate will work closely with product experts, software engineers, research grantees, and external scientists and government personnel to creatively solve challenges in medical research using state of the art tools and methodologies. 
This is a full time, benefits eligible, 2-year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds, and ongoing operational needs. Current funding is through 6/30/2023. 
***Due to the current pandemic, all staff are currently working from home.*** 
Essential Job Duties: 
Analyze real-world patient registry data to address important research questions using AI, deep learning, and machine learning approaches as well as other statistical models, 
Management of data, 
Implement interactive UI/UX for data documentation and guides as well as pipelines for end users, 
Work with scientists/grantees and AHA scientist and clinical volunteers on data analytics and statistical modeling for publications, 
Support team in the delivery of external grants by providing data science expertise, 
Publish journal papers and present work at scientific meetings, 
Work with team to implement Global Alliance for Genomics and Health (GA4GH) standards across the AHA Precision Medicine Platform in line with National Institutes of Health (NIH) collaboration. 
Want to help get your resume to the top? Take a look at the experience we require: 
Qualifications:
 PhD or Master’s degree within the last 3 years in data science, computer science, applied math, computational science, or a related technical field, 
LESS than 3 years paid, postdoctoral experience. 
Coding in R and Python. 
In-depth knowledge of cloud-based architecture; AWS background preferred. 
Excellent listening skills, including verbal and non-verbal communication. 
Highly effective organizational skills, time management, responsibility, and motivation. 
So, are you ready to work for the largest voluntary health organization dedicated to fighting heart disease, stroke and other cardiovascular diseases? 
 
 :
 
At American Heart Association | American Stroke Association, diversity, inclusion, and equal opportunity applies to both our workforce and the communities we serve as it relates to heart health and stroke prevention. 
This position not a match with your skills?  Click here to see other opportunities. 
Be sure to follow us on Twitter: #TheAHALife 
EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities American Heart Association 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at American Heart Association in Dallas, TX Data Scientist salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from American Heart Association American Heart Association 736 reviews The American Heart Association is the nation’s oldest and largest voluntary organization dedicated to fighting heart disease and stroke. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
