
 
 
 
 Sr. Manufacturing Engineer - Nashville, TN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manufacturing Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Nashville, TN Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 BSME/EE or equivalent required. 
 6+ years of relevant work experience. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Demonstrated expertise with new product development. 
 Familiarity with industry standard tools for problem solving and risk management. 
 Broad manufacturing commodity background (Mechanical and Electrical). 
 Deep commodity experience with one or more of the following: Reaction Injection Molding, Plastics (Primarily injection molding), Polyurathane (PUR) Processes, Steel Fabrication 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 
Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
The Amazon Robotics (AR) Operations organization oversees the manufacturing of high-quality robotics and gets the right materials to the right place at the right time to enable our automated solutions. It’s an operation that works cross-functionally with teams across Amazon globally, and is driven by data and performance indicators.
 
We are seeking a Sr. Manufacturing Engineer with a proven track record of implementing best in class test techniques and processes within a complex supply chain. This role will report to the Manager of Advanced Manufacturing Engineering. You will be responsible for applying design for X principles to influence product designs and transition a wide range of autonomous robotic solutions from design to production. You will work cross-functionally to develop suppliers, manage product lifecycle changes, lead product quality improvement projects and drive technical root cause for supplier defects. The successful candidate will be capable of making wide-ranging business decisions on behalf of the organization and willing to “roll up sleeves and do what needs to get done” to consistently deliver results.
 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 
 Actively support and foster a culture of inclusion. 
 Provide design for X guidance/feedback on electromechanical designs. 
 Guide best practices on manufacturing tolerances using GD&T. 
 Launch tooling with accelerated schedules and assess project risk. 
 Review external production processes, identify risk and mitigate. 
 Qualify production processes based on dimensional data, control plans. 
 Drive internal and external PFMEA reviews. 
 Solve technical problems across a broad set of manufacturing commodities. 
 Mentor team members and design engineers. 
 Propose design changes that will enhance product sustainability. 
 Evaluate and approve product Engineering Changes Orders (ECOs). 
 Evaluate production, supplier and field failures for root cause analysis and resolution. 
 Up to 30% travel required. First year travel likely higher, depending on successful candidate location. 
 Engineering or Business Master’s degree. 
 Experience across multiple design and operations disciplines. 
 3+ years technical team leadership. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Manufacturing Engineer jobs in Nashville, TN Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Nashville, TN Senior Manufacturing Engineer salaries in Nashville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
