
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence / Autonomy Engineer, Intermediate (MITRE National Security Accelerator Program) - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence / Autonomy Engineer, Intermediate (MITRE National Security Accelerator Program) Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE’s National Security Accelerator Program  ( http://sites.mitre.org/national-security-accelerator-program/ ) is seeking highly motivated, early career candidates passionate about solving problems for a safer world. This program will provide unique work opportunities, onboarding, and mentoring to build your skills as a future leader. You will accelerate your career while preparing for impactful, rewarding work at MITRE. Successful candidates will gain exposure and experience in topics of common interest to the entire national security community. Our goal is to prepare you to thrive in a technically rooted, mission-focused career at MITRE – one where the unique background, skill set, and experience you bring inspires creative and innovative solutions.
 You will interact with a diverse group of program peers, MITRE national security leaders, and staff solving real-world problems. Over the course of this structured six-month program, you will hone your skills and develop strong professional networks in the national security sector and across our Innovation Centers, helping solve critical national challenges. Before transitioning to MITRE’s permanent national security or technical staff, you will benefit from the following program pillars:
 An intensive, experiential onboarding program
 Focused mentoring with MITRE national security leaders and experts in your field
 An in-depth rotational work program
 Job Responsibilities:
 Working alongside MITRE mission specialists and engineers, you will be supporting a national security sponsor while helping to design, develop, and implement solutions and technologies to address the artificial intelligence (AI) and autonomy challenges of our government sponsors. You will learn about MITRE sponsor missions and apply your technical knowledge and skills to problem-solving and innovation. At the culmination of the Accelerator Program , you will become part of MITRE’s National Security team focused on sponsor missions with a strong technical background enabling you to be a future leader in the company.
 From robotics to enhanced decision-making, you will learn to apply AI and autonomous engineering expertise, innovative concepts, and technology solutions to address every facet of our sponsor’s AI and autonomy challenges to include:
 Artificial intelligence
 Autonomous systems
 Computational linguistics
 Computer vision
 What are some examples of the projects that I might work on?
 Using AI to improve situational awareness for robotics in denied environments
 Improving autonomy to reduce cognitive load on intel analysts or robotic system operators
 Use of natural language processing techniques to sort through millions of intelligence documents and summarize their content
 Develop tools that will analyze the state of the battlefield and make recommendations to commanders
 Research and assessment of feasibility of current technologies applied to sponsor problems
 What does an ideal MITRE Accelerator AI or Autonomy Engineer bring to the position?
 Hands-on experience gained from previous work experience or relevant intern/co-op work
 Applied knowledge of AI or autonomy principles, tools, and devices
 Proficiency in multiple learning techniques and the languages required to implement them
 Interdisciplinary background, with at least of one of those disciplines being artificial intelligence, autonomous systems, computer science, computer engineering, or a related technical field
 Evidence of being a life-long learner, with a passion for the field
 High-level desire to help our nation solve critical problems
 Required Qualifications:
 Bachelor of Science in computer science, computational linguistics, statistics, applied mathematics, robotics, electrical engineering, or a related technical field and 2 years of relevant experience
 Programming experience in C/C++, Python, R, or similar
 Experience in one or more areas of AI-focused computer science, such as Natural Language Processing, Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Algorithmic Foundations of Optimization, Quantum Information Science, Data Science, Software Engineering or similar
 Preferred Qualifications:
 1-3 years of experience in AI or autonomy principles, tools, and devices
 Experience working projects related to national security for one or more government agencies
 Interdisciplinary background, with evidence of continual learning
 Strong theoretical background in at least two learning techniques: supervised (e.g., support vector machines, regression, decision trees), unsupervised (e.g., clustering, neural networks), or reinforcement
 Demonstrated experience applying supervised and unsupervised techniques to structured data
 Experience with more than one toolkit for implementing AI/ML algorithms (e.g., TensorFlow, OpenAI Gym)
 Ability to visualize and interpret patterns in data for a non-technical audience
 Familiarity with data management best practices
 Familiarity with DevOps patterns and practices
 http://sites.mitre.org/national-security-accelerator-program/
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 None
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Security Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
