
 
 
 
 Program Life Cycle Logistics Manager - Fort Belvoir, VA 22060 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Life Cycle Logistics Manager NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Fort Belvoir, VA 22060 Remote NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
For more than 30 years, NCI Information Systems has been a leading provider of digital transformation solutions and services to U.S. government agencies. With its NCI  Empower ™ Platform, NCI is at the forefront of implementing artificial intelligence (AI) solutions to solve the government’s most complex mission challenges. Headquartered in Reston, Va., NCI is accelerating public sector AI adoption to create a government workforce that is exponentially more creative and productive. For more information, visit www.nciinc.com. 
Responsibilities:
 
NCI : As a  Sr. Life Cycle Logistics Management Analyst,  you will support Product Manager Soldier Precision Targeting Devices (PdM SPTD) programs within PEO Soldier at Fort Belvoir, VA. You will have an opportunity to develop and execute strategic plans and policy, determines requirements and needs, investigates and resolves problems, interfaces with other functions and outside personnel, assists in the preparation and execution of logistic product management.  In assuming this position, you will be a critical contributor to meeting NCI's mission: To deliver innovative, cost-effective solutions and services that enable our customers to rapidly adapt to dynamic environments. 
Highlights of Responsibilities : 
Integrates and plans for the 12 Integrated Product Support Elements (IPSE) in all phases of the sustainment and acquisition processes. 
Interfaces with ASAALT, AMC, LCMC, PEO Soldier, ATEC, AEC, CASCOM, MCOE, and other PEOs and PM on logistics requirements. 
Establishes and assists in the planning, developing, coordinating, defending and executing all aspects of the PEO/PMs’ Life Cycle Logistics support under the processes of DoD acquisition and sustainment. 
Produces acquisition logistics documentation in support of the PEO/PMs products. 
Performs and develops plans and projects, determines needs, investigates and resolves problems, interfaces with other functions and stakeholders, prepares capital assets and operating requests, and manages functional areas. 
Assists in logistics automation using enterprise planning tools (GCSS-Army, DPAS, LMP, and etc.) for acquisition and sustainment operations 
Directs the activities of a group of applicable stakeholders in order to conduct focused strategic plans 
Qualifications:
 
Requirements: 
Security Clearance: SECRET 
Must be well versed in DAWIA practices. 
Must have experience with creating and maintaining Acquisition Documentation. 
Must have DOD 5000 acquisition experience. 
Possess knowledge and experience in the areas of Federal acquisition, program or project management. 
B achelor’s Degree and greater than 10 years of relevant experience. 
Equivalent of DAWIA Certification Level III for Life Cycle Logistics. 
Thorough understanding of Life Cycle Logistics regulations and policies including DoD 5000 series, AR 70-1, AR 700-127, and AR 700-142. 
Competency in communication, leadership, team management, risk management, and logistics automated systems. 
 Physical Requirements: 
 This position requires the ability to perform the below essential functions: 
Sitting for long periods 
Standing for long periods 
Ambulate throughout an office 
Ambulate between several buildings 
Stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as required 
Travel by land or air transportation 25% 
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. NCI Information Systems Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Logistics Manager jobs in Fort Belvoir, VA Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Fort Belvoir, VA Logistics Manager salaries in Fort Belvoir, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
