
 
 
 
 Senior Applied Scientist - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Applied Scientist NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA's technology is at the heart of AI revolution, touching people across the planet by powering everything from self-driving cars, robotics, and voice-powered intelligent assistants. Join a diverse applied research team that is building a next generation of Conversational AI systems. We work on new models for speech recognition, speech synthesis, and natural language processing. Our team crafted Jasper, QuartzNet, Talknet and other state-of-the-art neural models for ASR and text-to-speech. We also developed new algorithms to accelerate training large models on our GPU cloud.
 We release new models as part of NeMo - open-source toolkit for Conversational AI. Our models are used by many companies for such applications as customer service, smart voice assistants, etc. We collaborate with internal research and product teams, as well as researchers from top academic machine learning labs.
 What you'll be doing:
 Develop new deep learning models and training algorithms for speech recognition, speech synthesis, information retrieval, machine translation, etc.
 Transfer your technology to NVIDIA’s software product teams.
 Publish your research at conferences (NeurIPS, Interspeech, ICASSP).
 Partner with Deep Learning & AI researchers in leading universities and industrial research labs.
 What we need to see:
 Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or Applied Math.
 4+ years of practical experience.
 Advanced understanding of Deep Learning with applications in Speech Processing and NLP, and a record of publications or significant product contributions in these areas.
 Strong Python programming skills and experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or TensorFlow.
 Expert mathematical background, especially in optimization theory, stochastic algorithms, and/or numerical methods.
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, product oriented and global team. Your history of mentoring other engineers and interns is a great bonus.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Strong C++ programming skills.
 Systems software engineering knowledge and expertise in optimizing software for computational performance.
 Contribution to open source software projects.
 Are you creative and like solving hard engineering problems? If so, we want you to join us! With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Scientist salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
