
 
 
 
 Product Owner - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Owner Capgemini 8,255 reviews Chicago, IL 60606 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Role Duration: 12+ months 
Required Skills and Experience: 
Experience of working on the wealth products including brokerage, annuity, custody platform. 
Take the lead of scrum teams as the Product Owner 
Providing vision and direction to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the project and create requirements 
Plan and prioritize product feature backlog and development for the product 
Provide backlog management, iteration planning, and elaboration of the user stories 
Work closely with Product Management to create and maintain a product backlog according to business value or ROI 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL Product Owner salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
