
 
 
 
 CITRIS Innovation & Entrepreneurship Manager (4330U) - CITRIS - Berkeley, CA 94720 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CITRIS Innovation & Entrepreneurship Manager (4330U) - CITRIS University of California Berkeley 562 reviews Berkeley, CA 94720 University of California Berkeley 562 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description CITRIS Innovation & Entrepreneurship Manager (4330U) - CITRIS About Berkeley
 
At the University of California, Berkeley, we are committed to creating a community that fosters equity of experience and opportunity, and ensures that students, faculty, and staff of all backgrounds feel safe, welcome and included. Our culture of openness, freedom and belonging make it a special place for students, faculty and staff.
 
The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world's leading institutions of higher education, distinguished by its combination of internationally recognized academic and research excellence; the transformative opportunity it provides to a large and diverse student body; its public mission and commitment to equity and social justice; and its roots in the California experience, animated by such values as innovation, questioning the status quo, and respect for the environment and nature. Since its founding in 1868, Berkeley has fueled a perpetual renaissance, generating unparalleled intellectual, economic and social value in California, the United States and the world.
 
We are looking for equity-minded applicants who represent the full diversity of California and who demonstrate a sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, and ethnic backgrounds present in our community. When you join the team at Berkeley, you can expect to be part of an inclusive, innovative and equity-focused community that approaches higher education as a matter of social justice that requires broad collaboration among faculty, staff, students and community partners. In deciding whether to apply for a position at Berkeley, you are strongly encouraged to consider whether your values align with our Guiding Values and Principles , our Principles of Community , and our Strategic Plan .
 
Application Review Date
 
 The First Review Date for this job is:  6/17/21
 
Departmental Overview
 
The Center for Information Technology Research in the Interest of Society (CITRIS) and the Banatao Institute is one of four visionary Institutes for Science & Innovation within the University of California. Established in 2001, the institute leverages the strengths of four UC campuses (Berkeley, Merced, Davis, Santa Cruz) to address large-scale societal problems through interdisciplinary research and new market applications. For 20 years, CITRIS has advanced technology for the public good in areas including renewable energy, water management, sustainable transportation, robotics, artificial intelligence and digital healthcare. To achieve its mission, CITRIS provides an innovation pipeline with an array of resources for faculty and student researchers. This robust pipeline includes laboratories, testbeds, makerspaces, seed funding, an industrial partnership program, and signature programs to promote information technology in the interest of society.
 
The institute's innovation programs, including the CITRIS Foundry, provide valuable educational and entrepreneurial offerings for UC-affiliated students, faculty, alumni, campus groups and external partners. Related programs are growing in scope and complexity across the UC system, resulting in an increased need for coordination among external and internal stakeholders. A support gap remains for innovators who are addressing critical challenges in the world through a science- and research-informed approach. Spearheaded by CITRIS, the University of California is ideally positioned to help the next generation of innovators and entrepreneurs bridge this gap and bring rigorous, validated solutions to market.
 
The CITRIS Innovation & Entrepreneurship (I&E) Manager is responsible for core administrative functions of this mid-size, multi-campus program. The I&E Manager applies organizational best practices, interpersonal skills and knowledge of entrepreneurship to achieve growth and performance goals for the CITRIS Foundry. Under the guidance of the CITRIS Foundry Director, the I&E Manager administers major strategic components and plays a pivotal role in day-to-day program operations including resource coordination, budget planning, facilities access, event production, curriculum development, and network cultivation. In collaboration with the CITRIS Knowledge Management Director, the incumbent will support data collection, impact assessment and asset mapping for innovation and entrepreneurship activities across the four CITRIS campuses. This position plays a lead role in process development, operationalization and execution of complex program evaluation needs.
 
Responsibilities
 
 50% Innovation and Entrepreneurship Program Management: 
Plans and implements a range of administrative functions for the CITRIS Foundry program spanning multiple UC campuses. In partnership with the CITRIS Foundry Director, the I&E Manager ensures effective operations and implementation of CITRIS Foundry's strategic plan through relationship building, resource coordination, budgeting, facilities access, marketing, event production, curriculum development and program evaluation responsibilities. Improves core processes with a focus on application cycles, program delivery and participant graduation.
 
 20% Impact Assessment: 
Works with CITRIS leadership to refine and evaluate impact metrics for innovation and entrepreneurship efforts across the CITRIS campuses. In collaboration with the CITRIS Director of Knowledge Management, the I&E Manager collects, analyzes and translates data into reports and dashboards to gauge the effectiveness of current activities. Recommends changes to strategies, policies and procedures accordingly.
 
 15% Strategic Planning and Business Model: 
Works with program leadership and CITRIS development staff to identify and pursue funding opportunities and revenue streams that are aligned with the CITRIS mission and multi-campus structure. Participates in program budgeting and forecasting to support short- and long-term strategic plans.
 
 15% Innovation Network Engagement: 
Cultivates and deepens strategic internal relationships across the CITRIS campuses in order to support UC-affiliated innovators. Develops and leverages a map of innovation assets, resources and pathways at the CITRIS campuses. Represents CITRIS's innovation and entrepreneurship programs through meetings and events with internal, UC-based stakeholders at our partner locations. Emphasizes engagement strategies that support innovators from diverse backgrounds and disciplines.
 
Required Qualifications
 
?This is a one-year contract position
 
Strong knowledge of administrative, operations, budgetary, financial and data management principles and best practices.
 Strong oral and written communication skills, with ability to effectively engage individuals and present to large groups.
 Strong ability to think creatively and independently on concepts requiring advanced analytical skills.
 Strong interpersonal skills with ability to work with and motivate people from diverse backgrounds.
 Strong ability to work collaboratively with internal and external peers and leaders across multiple locations.
 Familiarity with principles and best practices for program evaluation, key performance indicators (KPIs), data collection and interpretation, and impact assessment.
 Academic background or professional experience in entrepreneurship, technology commercialization and/or social innovation, ideally in context of early-stage companies or social impact ventures.
 Bachelor's degree in related area or equivalent work experience.
 Preferred Qualifications
 
Thorough knowledge of innovation and entrepreneurship fundamentals including customer discovery, market research, product development and venture fundraising pathways.
 Prior experience with people-centric operations such as managing a portfolio of program participants, building a strong community, or providing coaching and mentorship.
 Prior experience founding or working in a startup venture.
 Advanced degree in Business Administration, Technology Entrepreneurship, Innovation Engineering or equivalent years of work experience.
 Salary & Benefits
 
For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit:
 
https://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/compensation-and-benefits/index.html
 
This is a one-year contract position. Contract positions may be extended based on operational demand. Contract positions are eligible to participate in the health and welfare programs offered by UC Berkeley.
 The salary range designated for this position:  $95,000 - $105,000; however, starting salary will be commensurate with experience.
 Conviction History Background
 
This is a designated position requiring fingerprinting and a background check due to the nature of the job responsibilities. Berkeley does hire people with conviction histories and reviews information received in the context of the job responsibilities. The University reserves the right to make employment contingent upon successful completion of the background check.
 
Equal Employment Opportunity
 
The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. For more information about your rights as an applicant see:
 
https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/ default/files/migrated_files/ employers/poster_screen_ reader_optimized.pdf
 For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see:
 http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct
 
To apply, visit https://careerspub.universityofcalifornia.edu/psp/ucb/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=21&JobOpeningId=19322&PostingSeq=1
 
jeid-b7af121895b3b747a34eb4be134eeecc University of California Berkeley 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Innovation Manager jobs in Berkeley, CA Jobs at University of California Berkeley in Berkeley, CA Innovation Manager salaries in Berkeley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of California Berkeley University of California Berkeley 562 reviews The University of California, Berkeley (also referred to as Berkeley, UC Berkeley, California or simply Cal) is a public research univers... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
