
 
 
 
 Data Scientst ll - Jacksonville, FL 32225 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientst ll Crowley 55 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32225 Crowley 55 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Data Scientst ll - (USA0001BZ) 
Description 
OUR PEOPLE : Crowley is a privately-owned marine, transportation and logistics company providing worldwide solutions since 1892. We have over 6,000 high-performing team members in 35   countries and Caribbean territories, who are diverse, encouraged and deliver on their commitments. We are Crowley, the  people who know .
 THE CROWLEY WAY : We believe in and celebrate the power of collaboration between people with diverse backgrounds and experiences who share their differences and are driven to achieve business and personal goals. We support the development of our high-performers and are committed to guiding them every step of the way. 
 SUMMARY:  Responsible for designing, developing, and identifying data solutions that have direct and measurable impact to the Company’s support operations. 
 GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide data science solutions for business operations by monitoring trends, identifying opportunities, developing and presenting recommendations, implementing the strategies, and measuring the impact. Develop queries and performs extensive programming to access, transform, and prepare data for statistical modeling. Identify and diagnose data inconsistencies and errors, documents data assumptions, and forages to fill data gaps. Develops and implements analytics enabled solutions to improve business process, to generate insights, support business goals and strategy development. Develops and implements machine learning and artificial intelligence models into production. Generates relevant, actionable insights based on iterative data analysis, translate data-driven output into business language, and to make appropriate recommendations to respective business stakeholders. Summarize analysis using a wide range of data visualization techniques to determine the types of insights derived from the product and data limitations. Build and maintain effective relationships throughout the organization, fostering communication between internal and external project stakeholders which influence key decisions across stakeholder groups. 
 
Qualifications 
EDUCATION:  Master’s degree or professional qualification in computer science, data science, mathematics, industrial engineering, or a related field. PhD with Data Science operations research background is preferable.
 EXPERIENCE:  8+ years relevant work experience in applied data science and business analysis including market competitiveness, financial analysis, transportation, and logistics network optimization. In addition, to experience with modeling linear regression, logistics regression, boosting, random trees, neural networks, ensemble methods, non-parametric statistics, probabilistic modeling, and spatial modeling. 
 TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY:  Proficient in Microsoft Office products, including Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word, Access, Visio, SharePoint, Power BI, SQL Server Analysis Services, Azure ML Studio, Microsoft Projects, or similar relational databases. Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, SQL query language, report building and segmentation techniques.
 COMPETENCIES:  Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing, including the ability to convey technical information to technical and non-technical users. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. Ability to function effectively with, or as part of a team. Ability to prioritize, organize and perform multiple work assignments simultaneously. Ability to effectively manage projects that may vary in nature and scope. Ability to identify and understand complex problems and review related information to evaluate options and implement solutions. Ability to collect, organize, analyze and disseminate significant amounts of information accurately and with attention to detail. Ability to develop, improve and streamline processes to meet established goals and objectives. Ability to prepare clear and concise reports, policies, procedure, correspondences and other written materials. Knowledge of methods to collect data, research and present. Knowledge of data analysis techniques and methodology. 
 OTHER:  Preferred certifications in Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Advanced analytics, database management, cloud computing and/or ETL processes. 
 JOB SCOPE:  Position impacts multiple business units/segments. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS:  Normal office environment with little exposure to excessive noise, dust, temperature and the like. Extended use of a computer keyboard, viewing of a computer monitor and the ability to sit for long periods of time. 
 FLSA STATUS:   The position is Exempt. May require the ability to work overtime to meet required deadlines. All work rules, including those that pertain to safety and health are expected to be respected and complied with. 
 
Primary Location: US-FL-JACKSONVILLE 
Work Locations: USA-FL-JACKSONVILLE-REGENCY 9487 REGENCY SQUARE BLVD. N. JACKSONVILLE 32225 
Job: Finance 
Organization: Crowley USD BU 
Schedule: Full-time 
 
Overtime Status: Exempt 
Employee Status: Non-Management 
Job Level: Day Job 
Job Posting Crowley 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Crowley in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Crowley 55 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
