
 
 
 
 Sales Analyst - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Analyst Wonderlic 15 reviews Remote Remote Wonderlic 15 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Work at a company where people truly believe in what they’re doing! At Wonderlic, we combine our science-based assessment background with the best talent to innovate the way modern pre-employment screening is used by the recruiting industry. Our mission is to expertly combine I/O psychology, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to ensure applicants are able to find their best jobs. Wonderlic provides the most trusted, scientifically validated assessments for sophisticated HR teams looking to identify top applicants and accurately predict on-the-job performance potential. 
As a people-first company, we’re constantly on the lookout for the best and brightest minds to propel Wonderlic forward. Do you strive for excellence? Are you driven by the desire to make positive changes in the world you live in? Are you passionate about your craft? Join Wonderlic in shaping the future of our organization. We’d be happy to have you. 
Job Title: 
Sales Analyst 
Overview: 
Are you intellectually curious, willing to learn, and enticed by a fast-paced, hyper-growth company? At Wonderlic, we’re passionate about our people: we provide mentorship, career-development, and we promote from within. Start on your career path with us! 
As a Sales Analyst, you’ll be a Wonderlic brand ambassador, acting as the foundational entry-point for new customers and guiding them through their initial interactions with our sales teams to build the pipeline. This is a great opportunity to learn the fundamentals of sales and work with a product-centric team. 
We take a data driven, analytical approach to sales and are looking for someone who is confident in aligning our team to drive visibility and revenue growth. If you’re smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you! 
And, of course, we follow our own science. We believe in the power of potential, and this role is a great way to learn sales from the ground up. 
In this role, you’ll: 
Become a product expert and learn Wonderlic’s selling practices 
Build a career in technology-focused sales 
Learn how to present a product and talk with prospects 
Keep detailed records of interactions with leads in our CRM (Salesforce) 
Support your business partners with the right sales processes, workflows, and data 
Develop and maintain sales development key performance indicators and support the rhythm of the business through daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly reporting 
Evaluate business performance, diagnose root causes, and prescribe action advised by data-driven insights 
Make recommendations to help improve productivity & performance; proactively review and identify leading and lagging indicators 
Lead multiple projects at a time and prioritize workload within the team to ensure that project timelines are met 
Get paid for your performance on top of your salary 
Have defined advancement opportunities with very clear goals for moving up 
About you: 
Inclusive collaborator, committed to working together to achieve success 
Committed to pursuing a career in sales 
Competitive, enthusiastic, resilient, and highly motivated 
Empathic listener and persuasive communicator with a consistent track record of overachieving 
Clear communicator with a deep sense of empathy, and a commitment to building trust 
A self starter who can diagnose inefficiencies and optimize processes to maximize results 
Your ability to learn is off the charts and you’re hungry for more 
You love connecting with people online and on the phone 
A commitment to learning, being adaptable, and having a great attitude 
Qualifications: 
The potential for success in a software as a service (SaaS) sales team 
Courageous learner, open to feedback and coaching, and eager to grow in your skills 
What you’ll do day-to-day: 
Monitor inbound lead traffic and ensure your business partners have enough information to perform 
Answer inbound calls and website inquiries, and engage in email communication with customers at the discovery, decision, and onboarding phases. 
Support Team members by scheduling and coordinating sales meetings 
Assist business partners with coordinating larger opportunities 
Help bolster a connection between the Sales department and partners across the organization 
Participate in community and career development opportunities at Wonderlic 
Reports To: 
Director of Assessment Sales 
 
 Location: 
Wonderlic is now a remote organization! We’re excited for you to make us better from anywhere. 
What We Offer: 
The opportunity to join an experienced and ambitious team that’s passionate about solving customers’ needs and loves coming to work every day (even if it’s remotely) 
Competitive compensation and benefits 
Structured sales training and a clear career growth ladder 
Joining a startup atmosphere and the ability to grow and develop 
Extremely competitive PTO plus a paid company shutdown from 12/26 to 12/31 
Medical, dental, and vision group insurance 
Company-paid life and long-term disability insurance 
Paid Parental and Primary Caregiver Leave after 1 year of employment 
Remote work options & flexible work arrangements 
Affirmative Action Plan/Equal Employer Opportunity (AAP/EEO) Statement: 
Wonderlic is proud to be an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer. Here, diversity is valued and celebrated, and is what makes us such a successful team. Wonderlic does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, parental status, military/veteran status, or any other factor protected by law. 
 EJw68zbBfn wonderlic 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Wonderlic in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wonderlic Wonderlic 15 reviews Wonderlic is a people company. Not just because we work in HR- that helps, don’t get us wrong- but because the Wonderlic executive team m... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
