
 
 
 
 Architecture Sr Lead Analyst - Irving, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Architecture Sr Lead Analyst Citi 18,164 reviews Irving, TX Citi 18,164 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description POSITION SUMMARY 
Citi’s North America Consumer Bank Engineering and Architecture function is responsible for strategic and operational management of the technology environment supporting Citi’s Global Consumer Technology (GCT) function. Key responsibilities of the GCT E&A include: enterprise architecture governance; technology innovation, strategy and roadmap development; software development technology, process and design standards; collaboration and execution with development operations (devops) strategy and operational management and optimization of infrastructure in conjunction with CTI. 
Data and Information Architecture will be comprised of domain experts who are specifically focused on the architecture and strategy pertaining to Consumer Banking products like Retail / Wealth, Cards / Customer and Lending / Utilities, Risk and Payments. Focus of this position will be on Regulatory architecture (Business, Risk and Finance) governance encompassing front to end data flows for the Consumer Banking products highlighted above. 
This role will report directly to the Data and Information Architecture Head. The person will be a Senior Architect responsible for Regulatory initiatives in the Consumer domain as well as architecting linkages with other sectors. The selected candidate will orchestrate a forward facing technology plan to provide market-competitive (or differentiated as needed) capabilities at optimal speed and/or total cost of ownership. Specifically, the Senior Architect is expected to develop market insight, perform competitive assessments, understand and inform business and technology strategy, document the reference architecture and maintain a roadmap of capabilities that align with Business drivers and investments. 
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Maintain and apply a broad and current industry perspective on technology trends/opportunities, alternate solution providers and ranking, leading practices and our position/capability/performance relative to direct competitors and parallel industries/organizations.
 Demonstrate technology thought leadership, foster productive business relationships and build strong sponsorship of our technology architecture and roadmap. 
Drive adoption and integration of industry-accepted data architecture principles and data standards compliant with Citi Chief Data Office Policy and meets Business/Regulatory requirements. 
Partner with Business, Compliance, Regulatory, Chief Data Office and peer Technology teams to build and maintain Business Process models for Citi Consumer Bank. 
Provide domain leadership to develop and deliver strategic solutions such as standardization of IDs, Book controls, financial and regulatory reporting etc. 
Actively engage in governance and management of unified data modelling, governance of metadata and data quality of critical data elements. 
Maintain domain Level comprehensive technology roadmaps encompassing application and related infrastructure services that are consistent with the reference architecture and phased in accordance with business priorities, investment and risk appetite and regulatory, risk and compliance requirements.
 Maintain a comprehensive view of current and forecast domain economics (e.g. run cost trend, expected investment and potential impairments). Ensure roadmaps support business and technology financial objectives. Highlight and mitigate financial risks. 
Provide domain leadership within regional architecture forums, ensuring the reference architecture and roadmap for data and analytics domain are informed by practical requirements and that design decisions remain consistent with the architecture and roadmap; ensure appropriate governance of exceptions and stringent follow-up to ensure all conditions of approval are met within the committed timeframe. 
Ensure early engagement of partner organizations (e.g. Chief Technology Office, Chief Data Office, Data Governance Office, etc.) in the development of the reference architecture and roadmap. Ensure planned capability can be satisfied by partner organizations within the timeframe required. Assist in managing the consistency of partner organizations across regions. 
QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE 
10+ years financial industry expertise with knowledge of corporate affairs, financial and economic fundamentals, and business policies, products, processes, systems and roles. 
15+ years' experience in Data Model Governance, Business Architecture and developing Business Process models that spans across Business, Risk and Finance. 
Experience in booking control policy and implementation for management and reporting of Booking controls across all systems. 
Strong experience in applying industry best practices for data standardization and unified information model across the enterprise spanning multiple systems from legacy Mainframes, cloud enabled systems and digital touchpoints. 
Expertise in RDBMS, Document Stores (NoSQL), Warehouses (e.g. Teradata), Big Data (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, etc.) and Data Visualization (e.g. Tableau), next-gen architecture (SaaS/PaaS/IaaS, Micro Services, Containers, RESTful API’s), Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, ETL (e.g. Abinitio, Talend, SAS, etc.). 
Experience with data modelling tools such as Erwin, metadata tools such as (Collibra, Solidatus, Informatica, Abinitio, etc.), data tracing and lineage automation tools such as ASG and data quality. 
 The successful candidate will possess the following leadership/personal qualities: 
Be creative, energetic and passionate to achieve a world-class standard of performance and exceptional customer experience. 
Be an intelligent risk taker, someone who challenges the status quo, operates across boundaries and seeks win-win outcomes. 
Possess uncompromising ethics, unwavering integrity and the confidence and conviction to live and uphold the values of Citi. 
Be decisive and balanced in decision making; balancing strategic vs. tactical and risk vs. cost vs. speed to arrive at pragmatic and sustainable solutions.
 Span boundaries to draw into Citi the best possible insight, experience and technology capability from current and potential partner organizations. 
Be disciplined in execution; retaining tight governance over multiple dimensions of performance; ensuring commitments are understood and met.
 Be an outstanding leader of people able to create a compelling vision and deeply engage, inspire and motivate people to achieve beyond their own expectations. 
Strongly developed strategic, analytical and communication skills evidenced by experience in formulating strategic scenarios, evaluating trade-offs within a robust commercial framework, developing related financial models and designing practical execution plans. 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; proven ability to engage and influence technology and business stakeholders at most levels within an organization on complex technical and commercial concepts. 
- 
Job Family Group:
 Technology 
- 
Job Family: 
Architecture 
- 
Time Type: 
Full time 
- 
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. 
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. 
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review  Accessibility at Citi . 
View the " EEO is the Law " poster. View the  EEO is the Law Supplement . 
View the  EEO Policy Statement . 
View the  Pay Transparency Posting Citi 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lead Analyst jobs in Irving, TX Jobs at Citi in Irving, TX Lead Analyst salaries in Irving, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Citi Citi 18,164 reviews Citi is today's pre-eminent financial services company and was built to create a highly diversified financial services company that could... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
