
 
 
 
 Principal Software Engineer (100% remote or hybrid) - Austin, TX 78752 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Software Engineer (100% remote or hybrid) Dun & Bradstreet 751 reviews Austin, TX 78752 Remote Dun & Bradstreet 751 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet 
We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us! 
Our Team:
 Dun & Bradstreet has the world’s most comprehensive business data sets and analytics capabilities to power today’s most crucial business needs. That’s why 90% of the Fortune 500, and companies of all sizes around the world, rely on Dun & Bradstreet to help grow and protect their business. Our engineering teams focus on developing industry-leading, highly scalable, SaaS based applications to put this data into action. We are solving extremely intellectually interesting problems using machine learning, artificial intelligence and high-performance distributed computing. 
We are looking for individuals interested in building world-class SaaS applications and solving complex challenges with one of the world’s largest B2B data sets. We have a supportive team atmosphere, using the latest technologies, and always strive to ensure D&B is the best place to learn and grow your career. 
The Role:
 D&B Connect is a Master Data Management platform that empowers Data Owners to visualize and assess data health, enrich data with new insights, and keep systems of record up to date. 
As a Principal Software Engineer, you will be responsible for designing and developing cutting-edge SaaS products. You can expect to be working in a stimulating, collaborative environment focused on continuous improvement within an agile development process, where developers are responsible for end-to-end working software. You will be responsible for hands-on coding as well as mentoring and developing junior engineers while offering strong industry, technical, product and subject matter expertise to our clients. 
This role involves working in an agile way to build the platform using the state-of-art Big Data technologies, such as Apache Spark, AWS DynamoDB, AWS Lambda, AWS SQS, AWS SNS, etc. Working closely with product management and engineering leadership to build the right solutions will be extremely important, as we build out D&B Lattice’ first serverless stack that will enable us to scale out to handle the rapidly increasing load on our platform. 
 Responsibilities: 
Develop highly reliable and scalable production web applications and data processing systems 
Create novel solutions to challenging software engineering problems for pivotal company projects 
Learn and leverage new programming languages, design methodologies, and technologies 
Participate in all steps of the agile software development process – gathering requirements, planning, designing, coding, testing, QA’ing, deploying, bug fixing, and maintaining 
Demonstrate leadership by architecting solutions, reviewing code, helping junior team members, making technical and strategic decisions, and taking responsibility for getting things done 
Work on a collaborative cross-functional team including product management, UX design, project management, UI and back end engineers, quality assurance, and operations 
Assist in building the team by participating in recruiting, interviewing, onboarding, and mentoring 
 Required Qualifications: 
Expertise in Java/Spring, web technologies and distributed systems 
Ability to lead & mentor junior engineers 
Understanding of CS and programming fundamentals 
Knowledge of databases design and optimization techniques 
Experience with building software in a micro-services and API design 
Experience with cloud computing platform (preferably AWS) 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
At least 5 years full-time professional development experience 
 Desired Qualifications: 
Experience with AWS Lambda, SQS, SNS 
Expertise in Apache Spark 
Hands-on experience with Jenkins, Docker, Hadoop, Redis, S3, DynamoDB, Redshift or similar technologies 
Expertise in building software in serverless architecture 
Expertise in building large scale distributed system for big data analysis and processing 
Expertise in building and operating SaaS solutions, managing multitenant solutions 
Understanding of information retrieval concepts, machine learning, natural language processing 
 #LI-AM2 
Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law. View the EEO is the Law poster here and its supplement here. 
View the pay transparency policy here. 
 
 We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified candidates and employees. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to acquisitiont@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis. Dun & Bradstreet 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Dun & Bradstreet in Austin, TX Principal Software Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dun & Bradstreet Dun & Bradstreet 751 reviews The Dun & Bradstreet Data Cloud offers the world’s most comprehensive business data and analytical insights to power today’s most crucial... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
