
 
 
 
 Director Architecture - Telecommute - Tampa, FL 33602 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Architecture - Telecommute UnitedHealth Group 17,315 reviews Tampa, FL 33602 Remote UnitedHealth Group 17,315 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing  your life's best work.(sm) 
 The Workers’ Comp and Auto No-Fault division of Optum collaborates with our clients to deliver value beyond transactional savings while helping ensure claimants receive safe and effective clinical care. Our innovative and comprehensive medical cost management programs include pharmacy, ancillary and managed care services from first report of injury to settlement. 
 The leader of the Technology Infrastructure team is responsible for evangelizing and promoting a simplification and modernization of the Workers’ Compensation technical landscape. This person will be involved across many aspects of design, build, engineering and implementation of technical solutions and capabilities. S/he is responsible for communicating overall technology vision, technical strategies, and trade-offs across various levels in the organization to gain buy-in. This role will provide recommendations and technical guidance to improve performance, reliability, and reusability within the constraints of budget, resource and business dependencies. This position engages across teams in a capacity that ranges from assisting on in-flight initiatives, up to technical briefings and demonstrations of new technologies across the organization. This role also leads business solutions, capabilities, and is a strong influencer that engages with client executives and stakeholders. 
 You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. 
 Primary Responsibilities:
 Provide leadership to and is accountable for the performance of a team of architects and DBAs
 Interact with technical and business senior leadership
 Create, implement and communicate technology strategies that anticipate future business needs and meet current business requirements
 Define and implement an enterprise architecture program, including an enterprise architecture blueprint and roadmap
 Practice architecture governance by aligning to architectural guiding principles, best practices, and solutions patterns with business strategies, architecture roadmaps and information models
 Oversee the application portfolio rationalization and decommissioning plans
 Support architecture assessments and reviews during business ideation, discovery and program/project execution to ensure alignment with business goals and strategies
 Provide in depth solution architectural support during program/project solution analysis and design to ensure roadmap alignment
 Triage and redirect solutions as required
 Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure architecture alignment with Optum portfolio initiatives based on cost, functionality and practicality
 Identify and leverage capabilities within Optum to lower the total cost of ownership of OWCA systems 
 You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
 Required Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree
 10+ years in the IT profession
 5+ years direct management experience
 5+ years of experience serving as an Architect in a large, complex organization
 3+ years of experience serving in a software development role
 Proven success designing scalable business and technology solutions at the enterprise level
 Experience in defining an enterprise architecture strategy and process that helps align IT projects with business requirements
 Experience in application portfolio rationalization to simplify and modernize the application landscape
 Travel up to 25% of the time as needed
 If you need to enter a work site for any reason, you will be required to screen for symptoms using the ProtectWell mobile app, Interactive Voice Response (i.e., entering your symptoms via phone system) or a similar UnitedHealth Group-approved symptom screener. Employees must comply with any state and local masking orders. In addition, when in a UnitedHealth Group building, employees are expected to wear a mask in areas where physical distancing cannot be attained 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Experience with multiple software development methodologies, including Agile/Scrum
 Significant experience in defining and guiding solution implementations with business/technical teams using architecture requirements and business/IT roadmaps
 Experience understanding and implementing various technologies such as Cloud, Microservices, Data Streaming, OCR, AI
 Experience estimating strategic, operational, and financial impacts of architecture solutions in support of portfolio initiatives
 Solid communication, presentation, influencing, consensus building and reasoning skills
 Solid documentation skills, especially in support of enterprise standards and processes
 Proven leadership skills, comfort working in a complex matrixed environment with the ability to collaborate, influence others, and build strong relationships across the broader organization
 Ability to be flexible and work with ambiguity in a deadline driven environment
 Ability to think conceptually and translate concepts into practical and executable plans
 Solid operational and business acumen with ability to understand the key business systems and levers that influence operational performance 
 Careers with OptumRx.  We're one of the largest and most innovative pharmacy benefits managers in the US, serving more than 12 million people nationwide. Here you’ll fill far more than prescriptions. As a member of one of our pharmacy teams, you’re empowered to be your best and do whatever it takes to help each customer. You'll find unrivaled support and training as well as a wealth of growth and development opportunities driven by your performance and limited only by your imagination. Join us. There's no better place to help people live healthier lives while doing  your life's best work.(sm) 
 Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $110,200 to $211,700. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. As of the date of this posting, In addition to your salary, UHG offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Health, dental, and vision plans; wellness program; flexible spending accounts; paid parking or public transportation costs; 401(k) retirement plan; employee stock purchase plan; life insurance, short-term disability insurance, and long-term disability insurance; business travel accident insurance; Employee Assistance Program; PTO; and employee-paid critical illness and accident insurance. 
 *All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy. 
 Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 
 Job Keywords: Director Architecture, Architecture, Cloud, Microservices, Data Streaming, OCR, AI, Artificial Intelligence, Agile, Scrum, SQL, DBA, .NET, Pharmacy, Healthcare, Telecommute, Telecommuter, Telecommuting, Work at Home, Work from Home, Remote UnitedHealth Group 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at UnitedHealth Group in Tampa, FL Director salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from UnitedHealth Group UnitedHealth Group 17,315 reviews UnitedHealth Group is the most diversified health care company in the United States and a leader worldwide in helping people live healthi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
