
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Appointee - Machine Learning in Material Science - Livermore, CA 94551 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Appointee - Machine Learning in Material Science Sandia National Laboratories 245 reviews Livermore, CA 94551 Sandia National Laboratories 245 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Temporary Full Job Description Posting Duration 
 
 This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time. 
 
What Your Job Will Be Like 
 
 We are seeking a Postdoctoral Appointee at Sandia National Laboratories (SNL) in Livermore, California, starting in October 2021. We are looking for creative problem solvers with knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, and, more generally, with experience in scientific computing, evidenced by publications and codes. Knowledge and experience in Bayesian statistics and uncertainty quantification are also desirable. The work involves the design of new machine learning algorithms for the prediction of material structure and properties, for given physical vapor deposition (PVD) process conditions. It also includes the design and implementation of efficient optimal experimental design methods, in both deterministic and Bayesian settings. The position will involve extensive interaction with a large and diverse project team, code development and analysis, and demonstration of the developed technology in multiple applications. This project is focused on discovering new resilient materials and manufacturing processes via an artificial-intelligence-guided approach. 
 
Qualifications We Require 
 
 PhD in applied mathematics, computational science or engineering. 
 Knowledge and expertise in machine learning and neural networks. 
 Knowledge and expertise in computational science and code development. 
 Qualifications We Desire 
 
 Knowledge of optimization, Bayesian statistics, and uncertainty quantification. 
 Expertise in Python and C++. 
 Experience in performing collaborative research. 
 Excellent communication skills. 
 About Our Team 
 
 The Quantitative Modeling and Analysis Department conducts research, development, and systems engineering in computer science and engineering to address important, complex national security problems. Key research areas include uncertainty quantification, optimization, inference modeling, data analysis, and algorithm development. Much of our application development work focuses on verification, validation and uncertainty quantification of complex problems. We provide trusted design and software development for large, operations software as well as detailed scientific computing software. The work is focused on providing efficient, validated information and technologies for use in predictive modeling and decision making. 
 
Position Information 
 
 This postdoctoral position is a temporary position for up to one year, which may be renewed at Sandia's discretion up to five additional years. The PhD must have been conferred within five years prior to employment. 
Individuals in postdoctoral positions may bid on regular Sandia positions as internal candidates, and in some cases may be converted to regular career positions during their term if warranted by ongoing operational needs, continuing availability of funds, and satisfactory job performance. 
 
About Sandia 
 
 Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs: 
 Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide Extraordinary co-workers Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world Career advancement and enrichment opportunities Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home) Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance* 
World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov 
 These benefits vary by job classification. 
 
Security Clearance 
 
 This position does not currently require a Department of Energy (DOE) security clearance. 
Sandia will conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Furthermore, employees in New Mexico need to pass a U.S. Air Force background screen for access to Kirtland Air Force Base. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause access to be denied or terminated, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment. 
If hired without a clearance and it subsequently becomes necessary to obtain and maintain one for the position, or you bid on positions that require a clearance, a pre-processing background review may be conducted prior to a required federal background investigation. Applicants for a DOE security clearance need to be U.S. citizens. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted. 
Members of the workforce (MOWs) hired at Sandia who require uncleared access for greater than 179 days during their employment, are required to go through the Uncleared Personal Identity Verification (UPIV) process. Access includes physical and/or cyber (logical) access, as well as remote access to any NNSA information technology (IT) systems. UPIV requirements are not applicable to individuals who require a DOE personnel security clearance for the performance of their SNL employment or to foreign nationals. The UPIV process will include the completion of a USAccess Enrollment, SF-85 (Questionnaire for Non-Sensitive Positions) and OF-306 (Declaration of for Federal Employment). An unfavorable UPIV determination will result in immediate retrieval of the SNL issued badge, removal of cyber (logical) access and/or removal from SNL subcontract. All MOWs may appeal the unfavorable UPIV determination to DOE/NNSA immediately. If the appeal is unsuccessful, the MOW may try to go through the UPIV process one year after the decision date. 
 
EEO 
 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law. Sandia National Laboratories 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Livermore, CA Jobs at Sandia National Laboratories in Livermore, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Livermore, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sandia National Laboratories Sandia National Laboratories 245 reviews About Sandia 
Sandia National Laboratories is the nation's premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
