
 
 
 
 Sr. Developer - Detroit, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Developer Capgemini 8,255 reviews Detroit, MI Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Should have experience in developing Native and Cross Platform applications mobile applications using KONY Platform 9.0 is preferred. 
At least 5+ years of proven hands-on experience in design, development, and unit testing of Product and Services based mobile apps using KONY Platform KONY Visualizer, KONY Fabric, KONY Sync, KONY Messaging Service. 
Should have experience in managing a team, especially in the agile projects. 
In-depth knowledge on NFI/FFI; Interactive application development and memory management; Offline Sync process. 
Language requirements: JavaScript expert in writing/manipulating JavaScript codes/customization, Well versed on Core Java, HTML5, CSS, CSS3. 
Experience in Consuming webservices like Kony Middleware/Server like SOAP, JSON and XML. 
Good knowledge of protocols (e.g. HTTP, OAuth, REST, etc.) 
Certification on Kony will be added advantage. 
If candidate possess additional skills mentioned below it will be a added advantage carrying more weightage. 
Should have experience building enterprise level apps, and deployment to Kony server(s) 
Should have experience consuming web services through Kony middleware/server like SOAP, XML, JSON 
Should have experience with Kony pre-processors, post- processors, URL providers and connectors such as composite, looping 
Knowledge of repository tools such as Subversion, SVN & CVS 
Native app development experience will be an added advantage 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Developer jobs in Detroit, MI Jobs at Capgemini in Detroit, MI Senior Developer salaries in Detroit, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
