
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence - Scientist I - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence - Scientist I Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Temporarily remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  None / Not Required 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  182109BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  06/17/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 Country  MA
 The third wave of Artificial Intelligence is upon us. It’s not enough for future AI software to learn, think and reason. We also need to be able to trust their decisions. They need to be able to explain their decisions. They need to learn and reason in novel environments in which they have not been trained. Be at the forefront of creating the next generation of machine intelligence by joining our team of talented scientists and engineers.
 
 
What you will do 
 Work with a small team on cutting-edge research and development projects Design and develop prototype software using the latest open-source technologies Receive and incorporate feedback from end users, field tests, and exercises Explore technical possibilities collaboratively with motivated, world class colleagues Deliver practical solutions to complex problems 
What you need 
 M.S in Computer Science and 4+ years of direct experience or Ph.D. in Computer Science Strong programming skills and experience with Java and/or C++ and Python Experience with machine learning frameworks and analytic tools such as Tensorflow, Torch, etc. and experience with designing and prototyping, training, and evaluating machine learning methods Passion for software engineering practices Creative problem solving and ability to build rapid prototypes Excellent communication skills
 Position may require some amount of overnight travel. U.S. person or the ability to obtain an Export Authorization from the appropriate government agency for non-U.S. persons 
Additional Skills that would be AWESOME 
 Experience with reinforcement learning techniques Experience with symbolic or rule-based AI systems
 Experience with autonomous robotics platforms (UAVs, UGVs), sensors and actuators Experience with computer vision, lidar, point clouds, and/or photogrammetry techniques.
 Experience with human-machine interfaces 
Why Us 
BBN Technologies (BBN) is the research company behind many revolutionary advances that we take for granted today. BBN is where email was invented and the first routers were implemented. Today, BBN's scientists and engineers are working to advance the state-of-the-art on topics ranging from machine language translation to quantum cryptography. BBN offers the opportunity to perform exciting and revolutionary research that solves important problems in an exciting, collaborative environment. BBN values work/life balance (as evidence by a normal 40 hour work week), a comfortable work environment (as evidence by offices that have doors and windows and your choice of computer, OS and tools), and a pursuit of research (as evidence by our staffed research library, encouraging publications, and paying people to attend conferences). We are looking for a creative, talented software developer to join our Intelligent Software and Systems group. Work in our group focuses on designing, developing, and deploying new advances in artificial intelligence, cyber security, autonomous systems, virtual technologies and distributed computing to solve challenging problems across a variety of application domains. 
 
We offer outstanding benefits that include flexible work schedules, a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, paid parental leave, paid time off, and many other employee discounts. 
 
 This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization. 182109
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
