
 
 
 
 Hardware Development Manager, Robotics - Louisville, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Hardware Development Manager, Robotics Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Louisville, CO Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $122,200 - $160,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree in mechanical or electrical engineering, or a closely-related field. 
 7+ years of hands-on experience as a hardware engineer developing complex products 
 5+ years of experience as a technical manager 
 Experience with managing cross-functional organizations and external design partners 
 Experience with product definition, project scheduling, financial metrics, and customer-facing products. 
 Experience with rigorous development processes, including design reviews, failure mode analysis, and staged product qualification 
 Clear written and verbal communication skills 
 
A part of Amazon's Robotics Artificial Intelligence Organization, Canvas Technology is using spatial AI to provide end-to-end autonomous delivery of goods. By using state-of-the-art cameras and other sensors, the system perceives its surroundings with unrivaled vision and fidelity. The system combines a mix of high-performance sensors with simultaneous localization and mapping software that builds and continuously updates maps in real-time, completely automatically. It has the capability to ‘see’ and identify different objects, people, vehicles, and places as it moves and react to moving people and vehicles in an intelligent way.
 
The Canvas team is seeking a Hardware Engineering Manager to lead our multi-disciplinary hardware engineering team in the Canvas autonomous mobile robotics team, which includes electrical, mechanical, firmware, and test engineers to develop mobile robots from concept to production and global scale. This leader will shape the structure and processes of the hardware team to deliver both rapid prototypes and production-ready units. They will collaborate closely with product management, software engineering, research science, field operations, supply chain, and safety specialties. They will execute on the existing product strategy and provide data-driven insights to own the autonomous mobile robot vision and product roadmaps. They must be able to systematically consider and clearly communicate tradeoffs between costs, resources, risks, and timelines to product teams and senior leadership.
 
 
 Master’s or higher degree in a robotics-related field such as electronics, control theory, mechatronics, or real-time systems 
 Delivery of at least two products throughout the full lifecycle, from concept through manufacturing[SM1] 
 Experience with rigorously regulated products such as medical, aerospace, or industrial machinery. 
 Experience with autonomous mobile robot solutions 
 Experience with products that have a significant firmware investment 
 Demonstrated experience in delivering innovative and experimental products 
 Experience with scoping, managing, and delivering multiple technical projects in parallel 
 Expertise in PCB design including schematic capture and circuit board layout. 
 Expertise in DFx (Design for cost, test, manufacturing, reliability) 
 Hands-on experience with Agile development methodologies 
 
The pay range for this position in Colorado is $122,200 - $160,000/yr. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Manager jobs in Louisville, CO Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Louisville, CO Development Manager salaries in Louisville, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
