
 
 
 
 Data Scientist, II - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist, II Yum! Brands 643 reviews Plano, TX Yum! Brands 643 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. At Yum!, we’re looking for a data scientist to add to our dynamic and rapidly scaling team. We’re searching for a curious person who thrives from being able to dabble creatively to drive success. For maximum impact at Yum!, this data scientist must be able to partner with key stakeholders in our business in order to completely understand context and guide which business priorities we should address using data … and how we should go about doing so. 
 
The data scientist will serve as a domain expert and will develop a rapport with our internal business partners as an essential, long-term part of the team. 
 
We are looking for a candidate who has practical experience with technologies and languages supporting big data and data science domains. Our data scientist will develop and maintain statistical models, apply machine learning techniques and build high-quality predictive/prescriptive systems. The data scientist will also make technology and business recommendations, as well as develop key insights based on data analysis in both macro- 
and micro-environments.
 Job Duties 
 
As a data scientist, you will: 
 Deliver solutions leveraging the latest machine learning (ML) techniques, including exploratory data analysis; feature engineering; model selection; model evaluation and cross-validation; and deployment and productionalization at all scales. Collaborate with our Yum! data science teams to enhance, scale, and operationalize existing models. Communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Provide thought leadership on the latest ML and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies and applications for our Yum! use cases. Conduct and support white-boarding sessions, workshops, design sessions, and project meetings as needed, playing a key role in cross-functional business relations. Develop data science solutions as currently defined by the existing product roadmap. Prototype algorithms using Python and/or other languages with appropriate libraries and frameworks. 
Skills and Qualifications 
 3 to 5+ years of experience in data science. Advanced analytical and quantitative skills to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, evaluate the hypothesis, and complete root cause analysis of the business problem. Deep understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques. Hands-on experience working with regression, clustering, support vector machines, neural networks (including CNN and RNN), decision trees, and related models. Knowledge of the full data mining steps from data preparation, modeling, visualization, and interpretation. In-depth knowledge of Python & SQL is a must. Experience in integrating business analysis with technical solutions that involve advanced analytics solutions, demand forecasting, segmentation, churn prediction, predictive maintenance, and route optimization, etc.
 Ability to work with key business stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging our data to drive business solutions by using advanced analytical methods. Master’s degree/Ph.D. in a quantitative field (statistics, business analytics, computer science, or business administration) with a specific emphasis on statistics, (big) data mining and data science, etc. 
 
 The Yum! Brands story is simple. We have the three distinctive, relevant and easy global brands – KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell - born from the hopes and dreams, ambitions and grit of passionate entrepreneurs. And we want more of this to create our future! 
 
As the world’s largest restaurant company we have a clear and compelling mission: to build the world’s most love, trusted and fastest-growing restaurant brands. The key and not-so-secret ingredient in our recipe for growth is our unrivaled talent and culture, which fuels our results. 
 
We’re looking for talented, motivated, visionary and team-oriented leaders to join us as we elevate and personalize the customer experience across our 48,000 restaurants, operating in 145 countries and territories around the world! 
 
We put pizza, chicken and tacos in the hands of customers through customized ordering, unique delivery approaches, app experiences, and click and collect services and consumer data analytics creating unique customer dining experiences – and we are only getting started. 
 
Employees may work for a single brandand potentially grow to support all company-owned brands depending on their role. Regardless of where they work, as a company opening an average of 8 restaurants a day worldwide, the growth opportunities are endless. Taco Bell has been named of the 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World by Fast Company; Pizza Hut delivers more pizzas than any other pizza company in the world and KFC’s still use its 75-year-old finger lickin’ good recipe including secret herbs and spices to hand-bread its chicken every day. 
 
Yum! and its brands have offices inChicago, IL,Louisville KY, Irvine, CA,Plano, TXand other markets around the world. We don’t just say we are a great place to work – our commitments to the world and our employees show it. Yum! has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index and ranked among the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine in addition to being named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index. Our employees work in an environment where the value of “believe in all people” is lived every day, enjoying benefits including but not limited to: 4 weeks’ vacation PLUS holidays, sick leave and 2 paid days to volunteer at the cause of their choice and a dollar-for-dollar matching gift program; generous parental leave; competitive benefits including medical, dental, vision and life insurance as well as a 6% 401k match – all encompassed in Yum!’s world-famous recognition culture. Yum! Brands 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Yum! Brands in Plano, TX Data Scientist salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Yum! Brands Yum! Brands 643 reviews Yum! Brands, Inc., has over 50,000 restaurants in more than 150 countries and territories, making it a leader in global retail developmen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
