
 
 
 
 Senior Software Development Engineer / Tech Lead - Builder Tools - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Development Engineer / Tech Lead - Builder Tools Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 4+ years of professional software development experience 
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems 
 
As a developer, you know how it feels when your tools both enable you and “get out of the way” so that you can attain your maximum speed and creativity. Those moments are amazing, right? Now imagine if you could build tools to help 50,000 other world-class developers experience that level of productivity. In Builder Tools, you will work with a highly collaborative team to design and deliver bespoke solutions used by nearly every developer at Amazon.
 
Our team is responsible to develop and improve the cloud-based platform Amazon engineers use for development. Since development in Amazon is in a constant process of change, this initiative leaves ample opportunities for innovation. In this team you will have the opportunity to play an active role in defining both how our products will work for our customers and how they will function under the hood.
 
Join and have an impact at Amazon scale!
 
This role will sit in our new headquarters in Northern Virginia, where Amazon will invest $2.5 billion dollars, occupy 4 million square feet of energy efficient office space, and create at least 25,000 new full-time jobs. Our employees and the neighboring community will also benefit from the associated investments from the Commonwealth including infrastructure updates, public transportation improvements, and new access to Reagan National Airport.
 By working together on behalf of our customers, we are building the future one innovative product, service, and idea at a time. Are you ready to embrace the challenge? Come build the future with us.
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Mentor
 We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Inclusion
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work-Life Balance
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
 Any combination of: 
 
 *nix admin and development experience 
 Experience in building complex software systems, especially services 
 Experience building on top of AWS 
 Passion for software development tools and development process automation 
 Front-end development 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technical Lead jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Arlington, VA Senior Technical Lead salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
