
 
 
 
 Business Development - AI & Machine Learning - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development - AI & Machine Learning DMI 179 reviews Remote DMI 179 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About DMI:
 
DMI (Digital Management, LLC.) is a global technology solutions company that specializes in digital strategy, design, transformation and support. Utilizing expertise from six unique DMI Groups, in the areas of AI & Analytics, Commerce, Experience, Managed Services, Transformation, and Government, DMI delivers intelligent digital transformation solutions that meet organizations where they are. Born digital, DMI has been delivering mission-critical, enterprise grade solutions since 2002 for over a hundred Fortune 1000 enterprises and all fifteen U.S. Federal Departments. DMI has grown to 2,000+ employees globally and has been continually recognized by top industry analysts as market leader as well as a Top Place to Work by the Washington Post. DMInc.com| Careers | Twitter | LinkedIn |Facebook 
About the Opportunity:
 
DMI (Digital Management, LLC.) is looking for a hunter positioned to take DMI's World Class Emerging Technologies to existing, new and emerging clients in insurance, finance, health care, life sciences, and manufacturing industries. 
As DMI continues its growth and expansion, we are looking for an experienced sales executive who has sold into these industries and have relationships with C-Level executives such as Chief Digital Officers, Chief Information Officers, Chief Technology Officers, and IT Specialists. 
The ideal candidate will have a background in selling analytics and AI, including descriptive analytics, analytics cloud modernization, artificial intelligence and machine learning. and similar technology deployments with new or established client relationships. This individual will be focused on helping DMI promote its nearly two decades of business and IT systems integration experience into new and expanding sectors. 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Need cursory knowledge of analytics and AI, including descriptive analytics, analytics cloud modernization, artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
Generate new business with named accounts. 
Successfully sell DMI's business and IT solutions to Fortune 500 Businesses. 
Establish Master Services Agreements and New Contract Awards. 
Manage and develop relationships with customers and provide a consultative sales approach that delivers the highest account management services. 
Position, configure and quote product and service solutions to clients. 
Manage leads and opportunities through the company's CRM tools. 
Accurately and consistently report sales forecasts and opportunity funnels. 
Participate in the creation, editing, and closure of services proposals. 
Participate in field marketing to generate interest and provide information to the client prospect community to include driving attendance to such events and activities. 
Represent DMI's portfolio of solutions to clients and be able to articulate our areas of expertise. 
Set proper expectations and maintain open communication with clients and vendors through the business development and sales process's lifecycle. 
Effectively leverage supporting resources in the sales process with the spirit of teamwork and cooperation. 
Professionally develop and present sales presentations to large groups and executive-level clients. 
Qualifications:
 
Required Skills: 
Requires Bachelor's degree or equivalent. 
Five + years of related experience selling IT Solutions, services to Fortune 500 businesses in the Boston area. 
Experience with client sales engagement to include pro-active networking, cold and warm calling, and selling to multiple contacts within an organization, including 'C' levels. 
Experience selling into the insurance, finance industry sectors and bring established and trusted relationships to DMI Services that will benefit our growth and skills 
Physical Requirement(s):  No Physical requirement is needed for this position . 
Location: Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Remote  ~15%-20% Travel Required 
Working at DMI 
DMI is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. Being part of the DMI family means we care about your wellbeing. As such, we offer a variety of perks and benefits that help meet various interests and needs, while still having the opportunity to work directly with a number of our award winning, Fortune 1000 clients. The following categories make up your DMI wellbeing: 
Community – Blood drives, volunteering opportunities, Holiday parties, summer picnics, Tech Chef, Octoberfest just to name a few ways DMI comes together as a community. 
Convenience/Concierge - Virtual visits through health insurance, pet insurance, commuter benefits, discount tickets for movies, travel and many other items to provide convenience. 
Development – Annual performance management, continuing education and tuition assistance, internal job opportunities along with career enrichment and advancement to help each employee with their professional and personal development. 
Financial – Generous 401k match for both pre-tax and post-tax (ROTH) contributions along with financial wellness education, EAP, Life Insurance and Disability help provide financial stability for each DMI employee. 
Recognition – Great achievements do not go unnoticed by DMI through Annual Awards ceremony, service anniversaries, peer-to-peer acknowledgement through Give-A-Wow, employee referral bonuses. 
Wellness – Healthcare benefits, Wellness programs, Flu Shots, Biometric screenings, on-site lactation rooms provide employees with several wellness options. 
Employees are valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company. 
The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Veterans/Disability. DMI maintains a drug-free workplace. 
***************** No Agencies Please ***************** 
Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions. DMI 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at DMI in Remote Business Development Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from DMI DMI 179 reviews DMI (Digital Management, LLC.) is a global technology solutions company that specializes in digital strategy, design, transformation and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
