
 
 
 
 Principal Statistician - Mounds View, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Statistician Medtronic 4,329 reviews Mounds View, MN Medtronic 4,329 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Careers that Change Lives 
Our space, the medical device and healthcare industry, is rapidly changing. It always has been that way. With remote monitoring, wearables, robotics, AR/VR, telemedicine, and much more, agility and responsiveness are key to our success. Experience what it’s like to work at a company with an exciting product pipeline full of patented inventions driving innovation in the healthcare space. 
 
 A Day in the Life 
 Medtronic’s Machine Learning (ML) Engineers develop the next-generation technologies that revolutionize the care of millions of patients worldwide. Our products range from complex cloud-based information processing at massive scale to efficient algorithms controlling the real-time operation of implanted devices. We are looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including artificial intelligence, computer vision, signal processing, natural language processing, information retrieval, distributed computing, UI design and mobile. As a ML engineer, you will work on multiple projects critical to the needs of Medtronic’s Cardiac Rhythm and Heart Failure division. Our engineers need to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
 Responsibilities may include the following and other duties may be assigned. 
 Designs, plans and executes biostatistical components of plans for research and development projects that establish the conditions essential for determining safety, efficacy, and marketability of pharmaceutical and/or biological products. 
 Uses sound statistical methodology to conduct studies relating to the life cycle of the product. 
 In development-phase projects, prepares the statistical component of protocols which meet project objectives, health authority guidelines, and clinical trial methodology standards. 
 Develops and/or applies statistical theories, methods, and software. 
 Summarizes and interprets data into tabular and graphical formats amenable to principles of statistical inference and is responsible for the statistical component of reports describing studies, outcomes and methods used. 
 Provides specifications and directions to the clinicians/statistical programmers. 
 Supports the regulatory review and approval of the experimental therapies. 
 May partner in trial design and in establishing standards for clinical conduct, and the collection, management and/or reporting of data. 
 Must Have: Minimum Requirements 
 Bachelors degree required 
 Minimum of 7 years of relevant experience, or advanced degree with a minimum of 5 years relevant experience 
 
 
 Nice to Have 
 B.S., M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Biomedical Engineering, or related technical field 
 
 Knowledge/ theory: 
 Experience with signal and image processing 
 A solid understanding of both probability and statistics 
 Advanced experience with building AI architectures: Convolutions, Residuals, Recurrence, and Transformers 
 Deep knowledge of techniques such as: Transfer learning, Data Augmentation, Reinforcement learning, Generative Adversarial Networks, Natural Language Processing, and Image Segmentation 
 Strong grasp of semi-supervised approaches such as Contrastive Learning and Student-Teacher methods 
 Proven ability to turn research ML papers quickly and effectively into working code 
 Experience with other ML techniques such as Gaussian processes, Bayesian methods, Boosted Trees, SVMs, Random Forests, and PCA 
 Extensive knowledge of ML evaluation metrics and best practices 
 A firm understanding of mathematics and linear algebra, including the theory behind algorithms such as backpropagation and Adaptive Moment Estimation (Adam) 
 
 Programming/Application: 
 Deep understanding of python and object-oriented coding 
 Practical knowledge of ML libraries such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, Scikit-Learn, etc. 
 Standard software development skills such as code version control (Git) 
 SysAdmin skills in cross-platform shell scripting 
 Data pipeline and wrangling expertise with SQL and technologies such as Spark and Hadoop 
 Working knowledge of how to build efficient end-to-end ML workflows, TFX 
 Soft Skills: 
 Collaborate well with others 
 Work in a team environment with code reviews and feedback from peers 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Self-driven with the ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data 
 
 
 About Medtronic 
 
 
Together, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology, therapies and services can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be. 
 
We want to accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let’s work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients’ lives. Help us shape the future. 
 
Physical Job Requirements 
 
The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For Office Roles: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile. The employee is also required to interact with a computer, and communicate with peers and co-workers. Contact your manager or local HR to understand the Work Conditions and Physical requirements that may be specific to each role. (ADA-United States of America) Medtronic 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Statistician jobs in Mounds View, MN Jobs at Medtronic in Mounds View, MN Statistician salaries in Mounds View, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medtronic Medtronic 4,329 reviews At Medtronic, we believe in the power of medical technology to improve lives. Seven decades ago, our co-founder invented the battery-powe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
