
 
 
 
 Scientist I - Computational Physicist - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist I - Computational Physicist Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Temporarily remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  Secret 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  176050BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  06/17/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 State  MA 
 Country  United States 
 Who we are
 
BBN Technologies is seeking a physicist, engineer, applied mathematician or computer scientist to support, develop and initiate advanced research and development projects in their Physical Sciences and Systems business unit Cambridge, MA.
 
 
 What will you do
 
The successful candidate will have a meaningful research background in the physics of one or more phenomenon, such as acoustics, vibration, optics, electro-magnetics, or geophysics, and in the design, testing and analysis of advanced sensors or devices which use such phenomena. A demonstrated ability to develop and apply advanced digital signal processing techniques to analyze these phenomena and devices is required. Experience with algorithm development, machine-learning, artificial intelligence, analog electronics or control systems is desired.
 
 
The candidate will be expected to support new business development by participating in proposals and making presentations to prospective customers. These projects may be sponsored by the Department of Defense, other Federal Government agencies or commercial organizations.
 
 
 What will you gain 
 Experience working with and learning from world-class scientists
 Opportunity to sell your own ideas and start new programs
 Develop and demonstrate cutting edge solutions for important problems
 Key team members skills
 
 What will you need :
 
 BS and 6 years of experience, MS and 5 years, or PhD degrees in Physics, Engineering, Applied Mathematics or Computer Science.
 A meaningful background in research involving one or more physical phenomenon.
 Design, testing and analysis of advanced sensors or mechanisms which use such phenomena.
 Development and application of advanced digital signal processing techniques for the analysis of physical phenomena.
 A demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical information.
 Willingness to apply for and be granted a US Government Security clearance.
 Willingness for occasional overnight travel.
 
 Other skills and experience that would be awesome
 
 5 years of relevant experience.
 Experience of algorithm development, machine-learning, artificial intelligence, analog electronics or control systems.
 Active DoD Secret clearance 
 
Why us 
We offer outstanding benefits that include flexible work schedules, a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, paid parental leave, paid time off, and many other employee discounts.
 
 
This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance. 
176050 
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
