
 
 
 
 Entry Level Software Engineer - Houston, TX 77040 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Entry Level Software Engineer Tokio Marine HCC 73 reviews Houston, TX 77040 Tokio Marine HCC 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland, transacting business in approximately 180 countries and underwriting more than 100 classes of specialty insurance. Tokio Marine HCC products and capabilities set the standard for the industry, and many of the Company’s over 3,000 employees are industry-leading experts 
We have an exciting Entry level IT opportunity in our Corporate Headquarters located in Houston, TX. The incumbent will work as part of a highly motivated and passionate applications development team to design, build and test software applications using industry standard application development and automation toolsets. TMHCC takes great pride in bringing in strong Entry level IT talent. This is a great opportunity to join a growing organization with a progressive culture. 
Performance Objectives: 
Interpret business requirements and define technical alternatives, tools, and platforms. 
Ensure design and development incorporate reliability, security, serviceability, maintainability, usability, performance factors, business objectives, and overall level of quality. 
Make recommendations on priorities, design changes, improvements, and problem resolution that impact the team or department and support the changing business needs. 
Control own work priorities and participate in development of plans/schedules/cost objectives for assigned projects/team. 
Document test plans and record test results. 
Participate in the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software. 
Requirements: 
Bachelor’s Degree in MIS / Computer Science / Information Technology/ Computer Engineering/ Artificial Intelligence or related field 
Experience in analysis, design and development of applications, alongside experience of developing reusable code 
Experience in one or more of the following practices: process modeling, data modeling, systems development methodologies, performance tuning, application monitoring 
Good written and verbal communication skills 
Good analytical skills and a demonstrated ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously with a commitment to delivering high quality on-time outputs 
Proficiency and experience using Microsoft Office 365 (ex. Excel, PowerPoint, Word) 
The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies offers a competitive salary and employee benefit package. We are a successful, dynamic organization experiencing rapid growth and are seeking energetic and confident individuals to join our team of professionals. The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies is an equal-opportunity employer. Please visit  www.tmhcc.com  for more information about our companies. Tokio Marine HCC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Software Engineer jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Tokio Marine HCC in Houston, TX Entry Level Software Engineer salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tokio Marine HCC Tokio Marine HCC 73 reviews Tokio Marine HCC focuses on what matters most; our people. Empowered employees deliver on commitments and look beyond profits to drive a ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
