
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Boston, MA 02110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Zapata Computing Boston, MA 02110 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Machine  L earning  E ngineer 
Department :  Quantum AI 
 
Job Type: Full-time 
 
Remote (Global) 
 
 
About Zapata Computing: 
 
Zapata Computing, Inc. is a quantum software, services, and applications company with a mission to accelerate the quantum revolution. We are developing a quantum workflow platform to solve critical problems across a wide range of industries. Zapata’s quantum platform Orquestra™ combines a powerful software engine and quantum algorithm libraries to deliver real-world solutions across a full range of classical and quantum technologies. 
About the job : 
 
The Zapata Quantum AI team is building a portfolio of next-generation quantum machine learning tools and algorithms to be deployed on state-of-the-art hardware through Orquestra, Zapata’s workflow management platform. A few examples of the Quantum AI team’s recent work: 
 
 Quantum-inspired models for enhanced combinatorial optimization (arXiv:2101.06250). 
 Generative modeling with quantum-classical hybrid architectures (arXiv:2012.03924). 
 Data-driven initialization and analysis techniques for parametrized quantum circuits (arXiv:2103.08572). 
 
 As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will work with the team to benchmark novel hybrid quantum-classical algorithms against state-of-the-art classical techniques and develop, product-ionize, and maintain these algorithms and tools. We are looking for someone with a proven track record in classical machine learning who is eager to learn about quantum computing, to team up with Zapata’s quantum scientists and researchers to build the next generation of hybrid quantum-classical AI technologies. Some experience with quantum algorithms is preferred but not necessary for this position. 
Key responsibilities include: 
 
 Design, create, test, and maintain a suite of classical machine learning and optimization techniques that clients and researchers can deploy on Orquestra to benchmark against novel hybrid quantum-classical innovations. 
 Collaborate with DevOps and Platform Engineers to propose and build tooling, data management, and model management features for the machine learning lifecycle. 
 Participate in fast-paced research in machine learning and quantum computing applications. Be a voice for the latest research in classical ML, to continually consider new ideas and opportunities in hybrid quantum-classical AI. 
 Collaborate with colleagues and clients to provide feedback on active machine learning projects and analysis of results. 
 Contribute to integrating proprietary and state-of-the-art quantum machine learning algorithms to be used by our customers and academic users. 
 
 Required Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: 
 
 BS degree in science or engineering related to artificial intelligence research or machine learning applications. 
 2+ years of experience applying machine learning models for real-world use cases. 
 Experience with modern software languages like Python, Julia, Go, or C/C++. 
 Experience using machine learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch) or MLOps platforms (e.g., MLFlow, Kubeflow). 
 Ability to formulate machine learning architectures for tackling real-world problems. 
 
 Desired Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: 
 
 Industry experience in one or more of the following ML tasks: classification, pattern recognition, or generative modeling. 
 Experience with the software development lifecycle and related best practices. 
 Experience with container technologies like Docker and Kubernetes. 
 Experience working with teams in a cross-functional setting. 
 Knowledge or experience with quantum computing. Zapata Computing 27 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Zapata Computing in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zapata Computing Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
