
 
 
 
 Data Migration Resource - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Migration Resource Capgemini 8,255 reviews New York, NY Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :3+Months 
Responsibilities : 
The consultant should have thorough experience in migrating data from local shared drives to BOX Cloud, including mirroring permissions. 
They should have sound project management skills to plan the migration, engage with the business and coordinate with the regional IT leads / infrastructure teams. 
They should be able to work with our network teams to analyze data - confirm what has already been migrated to BOX and what is still to be migrated. 
Previously Records Management would run reports using Active Navigation to review with the business and determine and execute a data cleanup approach and permissions plan. 
They need to be able to work with the CG Ops team to determine whether they have all necessary permissions to the data that needs migrating. 
They need to have access and experience with the tools needed to perform migration simulations and run the scripts and reporting as needed (Tree Size reports, Beyond Compare, PowerShell, Active Navigation, Link Fixer, Robo Copy and SkySynch etc.). 
Lastly they need to action the migrations, complete validations, remediate exceptions and provision BOX permissions 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
