
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Computer Vision - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer - Computer Vision Kitware Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Team Description: 
Our computer vision team is a leader in the creation of cutting-edge algorithms and software for automated image and video analysis. Our solutions embrace deep learning and add measurable value to government agencies, commercial organizations, and academic institutions worldwide. We understand the difficulties in extracting, interpreting, and utilizing information across images, video, metadata, and text, and we recognize the need for robust, affordable solutions. We seek to advance the fields of computer vision and deep learning through research and development and through collaborative projects that build on our open source software platform, such as Kitware Image and Video Exploitation and Retrieval (KWIVER) toolkit. 
About the projects: 
Kitware’s employees have unique opportunities to interact and collaborate directly with customers, visit interesting customer sites, and participate in live field tests and demonstrations. Much of Kitware’s work involves applying state of the art artificial intelligence approaches to dynamic, real world problems. You will have the opportunity to contribute your skills to projects of national and societal importance. Research and Developer Engineers at Kitware also enjoy benefits commonly associated with a position in academia, such as support and encouragement for the publication of novel work. 
 
 
In This Position You Will: 
Identify and adapt SOTA machine learning models to exploit new capabilities 
Serve as algorithm liaison between computer vision researchers and software engineers 
Validate, optimize, and deploy advanced signals exploitation algorithms on edge devices 
Build out strategic IoT, edge compute, and robotics capabilities 
Contribute high quality, maintainable code to various open source software projects 
 Required Qualifications: 
BS (+5 years) or MS (+1 year) in CS, ECE, or related field 
Proficiency in Python, competency with C++ 
Experience with deep learning libraries (Torch and/or Keras) 
Strong background in both classical and modern (deep learning) machine learning including model selection, architecting, training, validation, testing, and deployment 
Understanding of a variety of learning tasks (Object Detection, Segmentation, Re-Identification, Tracking, Pose, Super Resolution, NLP). Hands-on experience a strong plus 
A high level of comfort with academic literature and the ability to adapt research products to solve real-world problems 
Due to contractual restrictions, only candidates that are US Persons (citizens, permanent residents, asylees or refugees) will be considered for this position. 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Experience curating quality, real-world datasets for training deep learning models 
Experience with ROS, Docker, Edge Devices (Jetson), Real-Time Processing, Networking, DSP, Robotic Systems, Cloud Deployment, all a plus 
Experience interfacing with hardware and sensors such as cameras and LIDAR 
Knowledge of sUAS systems, both algorithms and payload integration 
Knowledge of agile software processes, reliability, data-driven development, and disciplined but fast experimentation 
 Company Description 
Kitware collaborates with customers to solve the world’s most complex scientific challenges through customized software solutions. Kitware delivers innovation by focusing on advanced technical computing, state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, and full-spectrum software solutions. Since its founding in 1998, Kitware has developed a reputation for deep customer understanding and technical expertise, honest interactions, and open innovation. We are proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. For additional information, please visit kitware.com. You can also follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
Additional information 
Kitware is proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. Our team members enjoy a small company environment, flexibility in work assignments, and high levels of independence and responsibility. Besides a great work environment, our comprehensive benefits package includes a generous compensation plan, tuition reimbursement program, flexible working hours, six weeks paid time off, 401(k), health insurance, life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, bonus plan, and free coffee, drinks and snacks. 
Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. Kitware 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Kitware in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kitware Kitware Inc. is a software research and development company. Our core areas of expertise are computer vision, data and analytics, scienti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
