
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Software Engineer - Seattle, WA 98104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Machine Learning Software Engineer Micron Technology Seattle, WA 98104 Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Key Responsibilities: 
You will work closely with multiple teams that make up IT, Information security and Technology to drive impactful change. 
Design, engineering and implementation of application security solutions in a scalable way for a worldwide enterprise. 
Analyze and troubleshoot systems issues. 
Ensure that the potential impact of software development changes is well understood, using data to support understanding of upstream and downstream dependencies. 
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams for end-to-end testing and performance analysis of real-time data applications, solve issues, proactively identify new opportunities, and drive initiatives through to completion 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Designs, develops, modifies, debugs and evaluates programs for functional areas, including but not limited to finance, human resources, manufacturing and marketing. Analyzes existing programs or formulates logic for new systems, devises logic procedures, prepares flowcharting, performs coding and tests/debugs programs. Develops conversion and system implementation plans. Prepares and obtains approval of system and programming documentation. Recommends changes in development, maintenance and system standards. Trains users in conversion and implementation of system. Micron 19 days ago original job Report job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Micron Technology in Seattle, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
