
 
 
 
 Sr. Software Engineer (Digital First) - Salt Lake City, UT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Software Engineer (Digital First) NICE CXone 53 reviews Salt Lake City, UT NICE CXone 53 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Software Engineer 
Location: Salt Lake City, UT 
The Sr. Software Engineer designs, develops, tests and maintains the NICE inContact software platform. Key responsibilities include the design and development of NICE inContact products and features, unit testing, code reviews, resolving defects encountered during the QA cycle, supporting the production environment, and assisting other developers in a team environment utilizing agile development processes. The Sr. Software Engineer will also mentor junior staff members and may be asked to propose cross disciplinary architectural solutions to difficult problems. Travel to other corporate sites may also be required. 
 
 As a Senior Software Engineer, a Typical Day Might Include the Following: 
Work as a member of an agile team to enhance and improve software written in one or more of the following languages: C#, Java, Javascript, Scala, Python 
Deliver high quality, sustainable, maintainable code. 
Create unit tests and test automation to ensure quality. 
Follow established department procedures, policies, and processes. 
Design and present projects to improve current process and overall platform. 
Manage time effectively working on one or more concurrent projects. 
Attend meetings and training as required. 
Works with system analysts and product management for the successful completion of a project. 
Provides critical technical capabilities to the team and evangelizes those skills to others. 
Leads team or mentors other developers as needed. 
Functions as a Technical or Team Lead as needed. 
Follow the company Code of Ethics and NICE inContact policies and procedures at all times. 
Communicate in an effective and professional way with customers both inside and outside of the company. 
This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive, and employees will also perform other reasonable related business duties as assigned by immediate supervisor and other management as required. 
This organization reserves the right to revise or change job duties as the need arises. This job description does not constitute a written or implied contract of employment. 
To Land This Gig You'll Need: 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or related field or equivalent work experience is required. 
6+ years experience in software development 
Well established technical problem-solving skills. 
Experience in one or more of the following software languages: C#, Java, Javascript, Scala, Python 
Experience designing, developing, deploying and supporting RESTful APIs. 
Experience with the Microsoft Suite (.NET Framework, Visual Studio) or other similar open source software stacks 
Experience with developing services, clients and multi-threaded software. 
Experience developing with SQL Server or equivalent 
Excellent communication, problem-solving, and decision-making skills 
Working knowledge of unit testing and test automation 
Working knowledge of user stories and use cases 
Working knowledge of object-oriented software design and design patterns. 
Team Player 
Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment 
Bonus Experience: 
Experience with Jira 
Experience with automation/testing tools 
Experience with/knowledge of agile development processes 
Experience as a technical or team lead 
Experience with telecommunications/telephony 
Experience with call centers 
Experience working in a CI/CD Environment 
Experience with AWS technologies 
ABOUT NICE inContact : NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. NICE inContact provides the world’s #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone™, combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation. NICE inContact is a part of NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), the worldwide leading provider of both cloud and on-premises enterprise software solutions. Nice 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Salt Lake City, UT Jobs at NICE CXone in Salt Lake City, UT Senior Software Engineer salaries in Salt Lake City, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from NICE CXone 53 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
