
 
 
 
 RPG Developer - Scottsdale, AZ 85254 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search RPG Developer Computer Guidance Corporation 13 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Computer Guidance Corporation 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Performs product design, bug verification, release testing and beta support on application's software projects which may require research and analysis. May assist in performing client telephone work. Operates under minimal supervision. 
 
Essential Duties & Responsibilities: 
 
 Per education and/or experience performs moderately complex product design, systems analysis and programming activities on applications software which may require in-depth research. 
 Perform design implementation and maintenance of single product modules/sub-systems or on lower level issue of multiple products. 
 Prepares technical documentation of product sub-systems. 
 Conducts unit testing and integration testing for functionality and limits. Performs moderately complex bug verification, release testing and beta support for assigned products. 
 Researches problems discovered by QA, or product support and develops solutions to the problems. Assists in performing client work via telephone on moderately complex applications. Researches and understands the marketing requirements for a product, including target environment, performance criteria and competitive issues. 
 
 Required: 
 
Must have at least a Master’s degree in Computer Applications or in a related field. Employer will accept a Bachelor's degree in Computer Applications or in a related field and 5 years of relevant experience. 
 
Must have completed university level coursework in Operating Systems, Network Security, Object Oriented Programming, and Artificial Intelligence. 
 
Job Location: Scottsdale, AZ CONTACT: Computer Guidance Corp. HR 
 
Apply now! 
Click "Apply now!" to download the application. Submit your completed application, along with your resume and salary history, to humanresources@computerguidance.com. Computer Guidance Corporation 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Computer Guidance Corporation in Scottsdale, AZ Developer salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Computer Guidance Corporation 13 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
