
 
 
 
 Early Career Data Scientist - AI/ML - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Early Career Data Scientist - AI/ML Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Seattle, WA Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Organization and Job ID 
 Job ID: 312244 
 Directorate: National Security 
 Division: Computing and Analytics 
 Group: Applied Statistics and Computational Modeling 
 Job Description 
 This position is for a Scientist in Data Science who will provide scientific and technical research within the National Security Directorate (NSD) supporting the AI/ML research and data analytics capabilities of the Computational Analytics Division. The Scientist will develop and apply AI/ML and data science to advance analytic solutions in various scientific domains. The Scientist must be able to draw from a strong mathematics, physics, or engineering background, in areas including artificial intelligence, machine learning, time series analysis, acoustic and RF signal processing, to recognize patterns, characterize uncertainty, and develop predictive models using structured and unstructured data. In addition to technical research this position expects participation and career development in task management, proposal writing, business development, and publishing. 
 The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on demonstrating success in the following areas: 
 Level I  : Working locally as an individual contributor. Applies basic S&E theories to well defined tasks with minimal oversight. Requires conceptual knowledge of scientific or engineering theories, practices and procedures within specialization. Professional contributions building a professional reputation for technical expertise. Successfully applying and interpreting standard theories, principles, methods, tools and technologies. Receives instruction on required tasks and reports results on time and on budget, while working under guidance from experienced staff. 
 Level II  : Leading specific tasks of the project to meet scope, schedule and budget. Successfully applying and interpreting standard theories, principles, methods, tools and technologies. Contributing technical content to proposals and developing business through excellent project performance. Effectively teaming to share resources and optimize research at the group and division level. Mentoring junior staff and students. Building reputation through application of S&E principles and theories, and developing technical approaches to solve challenges. Defines and leads project work at a small task/project level, reporting results on time and on budget. Contributes to proposals 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 BS/BA with 0-1 years of experience, or MS/MA with 0 years of experience 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 BS/BA with 2 years of experience, or MS/MA with 0-2 years of experience, or PhD with 0 years of experience in Computer Science, Mathematics, Data Science, Physics, Engineering, or related field 
 
Machine learning experience 
 
Experience working with time series data, acoustic signal processing, RF 
 
Programming experience in Python, C+  Equal Employment Opportunity 
 
 Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. 
 If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via https://jobs.pnnl.gov/help.stm
 Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from having any affiliation with the foreign government of a country DOE has identified as a “country of risk” without explicit approval by DOE and Battelle. If you are offered a position at PNNL and currently have any affiliation with the government of one of these countries you will be required to disclose this information and recuse yourself of that affiliation or receive approval from DOE and Battelle prior to your first day of employment. 
 Other Information 
 Due to business needs and client space, US Citizenship is required: 
 The Pacific Northwest National Laboratory is subject to the Department of Energy Unclassified Foreign Visits & Assignment Program site, information, technologies, and equipment access requirements. 
 Directorate: National Security 
 Job Category: Computation and Information Sciences 
 Group: Appld Stats & Comp Modeling 
 Opening Date: 2021-06-15 
 Closing Date: 2021-07-15 Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Seattle, WA Data Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 152 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
