
 
 
 
 Principal Program Manager - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Program Manager Microsoft 7,140 reviews Bellevue, WA Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is committed to the advancement of artificial intelligence (AI) technology that is human-centered and warrants people’s trust. Identifying and working to resolve human-AI interaction challenges and developing innovative approaches to efficient and fluid human-AI collaboration are critical to the responsible development and deployment of AI technologies. The M365 Substrate Intelligence team is looking for an experienced PM who can establish the processes and develop the tooling necessary to ensure we meet this challenge. 
About M365 Substrate Intelligence: 
Our team has a diverse set of PMs with expertise in artificial intelligence, big data, and intelligent end-user experience. We delight in digging deeper to understand our customers and develop delightful user experiences that anticipate people's needs, help them prioritize, and get started faster. We build coherent and consistent assistance throughout the M365 product suite, such as Focused Inbox, Suggested Replies, Text Predictions, and other features that millions of users rely on daily. 
Responsibilities 
This PM will be responsible for engaging and influencing the Microsoft-wide efforts around Responsible AI (RAI), while defining and directing the implementation plan for the core M365 team. This will include system-building across the organization: data set development, assessment tools, model lifecycle management, and any necessary platform evolutions. Working as a team we will make it scalable for every feature developer to honor both the spirit and the letter of our RAI standards: accountability, transparency, fairness, reliability & safety, privacy & security, and inclusiveness. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
5+ years of applied AI experience (or equivalent) 
MS degree (PhD preferred) in Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical field 
Preferred Qualificatons: 
Strong experience with and a passion for artificial intelligence 
Passion for and experience adapting AI models for increased fairness and inclusivity 
Interest in and knowledge of key ethical challenges related to AI and data usage 
Ability to handle ambiguity and rapid change while continuously delivering an evolving product 
Desire to effectively negotiate and collaborate across teams and organizations 
Strong verbal/written communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences 
Demonstrated strong performance in prior roles 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Program Manager jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Principal Program Manager salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
