
 
 
 
 Post-Doctoral Research Fellow - Bricker Studies - Seattle, WA 98109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post-Doctoral Research Fellow - Bricker Studies Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 165 reviews Seattle, WA 98109 Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 165 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Cures Start Here.  At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutch’s pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nation’s first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Women’s Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network.  Careers Start Here. 
At Fred Hutch, we believe that the innovation, collaboration, and rigor that result from diversity and inclusion are critical to our mission of eliminating cancer and related diseases. We seek employees who bring different and innovative ways of seeing the world and solving problems. Fred Hutch is in pursuit of becoming an antiracist organization. We are committed to ensuring that all candidates hired share our commitment to diversity, antiracism, and inclusion. 
The Health and Behavioral Innovations in Technology (HABIT) Group, led by Dr. Jonathan Bricker, is part of the Cancer Prevention Program in the Division of Public Health Sciences at the Fred Hutchinson. Funded by multiple large R01-level NIH grants from the NCI and NIDDK ($25 million USD cumulative total to date), the Group’s research mission is to develop and rigorously test behavioral interventions for tobacco cessation and weight loss health and disseminate them with the goal of high public health impact. Technologies for delivering these interventions include smartphone applications, chatbots, websites, and telephone counseling. One of the behavioral approaches the Group has been testing is called Acceptance & Commitment Therapy (ACT). The HABIT Group is committed to increasing the diversity of future scientists passionate about research devoted to scaling behavioral principles for public health impact. 
Responsibilities:
 
Under the mentorship of Dr. Bricker, a Full Professor, and one of the HABIT Group’s Staff Scientists, Dr. Margarita Santiago-Torres, the Post-Doctoral Research Fellow will lead and co-author multiple scientific research papers and conduct original research that is part of the ongoing research from any one of our three current NIH R01 Phase III clinical trials. Regarding scientific research papers, the Fellow will be mentored in writing papers and presenting results at scientific national and international conferences. The Fellow will have access to existing data from large, randomized NIH R01 Phase III trials on tobacco cessation conducted by the HABIT Group. Existing data will include the recently published iCanQuit study (JAMA IM, 2020) of a smartphone application proven efficacious for smoking cessation. The Fellow with receive full support from the HABIT Group’s biostatistician as well as training in clinical trial design, analyses of outcomes and mechanisms of action. The HABIT Group’s administrators will provide support for manuscript preparation and submission. 
Regarding conduct of original research, the Fellow will be mentored in proposing a 2 to 3 year NIH Diversity Supplement grant (NCI or NIDDK) for a research project that will be an integral part of the ongoing research of one of our three current R01 Phase III clinical trials. A Diversity Supplement grant will contribute significantly to the health research career development of the Fellow. The Group’s three NIH R01 Phase III current trials focus on testing the efficacy of (1) an artificial intelligence chatbot for cigarette smoking cessation, (2) a smartphone application to help cancer patients stop cigarette smoking, and (3) telephone coach-delivered Acceptance and Commitment Therapy for weight loss. The Fellow will receive ongoing mentoring in the Diversity Supplement research project, interact with the Group and collaborators on the selected clinical trial, contribute intellectually to the research, and enhance research skills and knowledge in tobacco cessation, obesity, behavioral science, and delivery of digital interventions. 
Summary of Responsibilities: 
Write peer reviewed publications from our existing trial data (lead & co-author) 
Give national and international research presentations 
Submit an NIH Diversity Supplement for a mentored research project 
Funded by the NIH Diversity Supplement, conduct a research project that is integral to one of our ongoing NIH funded trials. 
Qualifications:
 
To be considered, the successful candidate must: 
Hold a doctoral degree in psychology, behavioral sciences, public health or related field 
Have a track record in smoking cessation or obesity research 
Have at least one first-authored publication on the topic of smoking cessation or obesity 
Have excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Demonstrate ability to work well within interdisciplinary teams and collaborations 
Provide a diversity statement 
Position duration will depend on Diversity Supplement funding. The first year of funding is guaranteed. If the Diversity Supplement is funded, the position will last a total of 2-3 years depending on the duration of the Diversity Supplement research proposed. 
A  statement  describing your commitment and contributions toward greater diversity, equity, inclusion, and anti-racism in your career or that will be made through your work at Fred Hutch is requested of all finalists. 
Our Commitment to Diversity: We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) Employer. We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability (physical or mental), marital or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at hrops@fredhutch.org or by calling  206-667-4700 . Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Seattle, WA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 165 reviews Careers Start Here.

The Fred Hutch mission to eliminate cancer and related diseases is shared by everyone who works here — more than 3... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
