
 
 
 
 AI Machine Learning Engineer - New Britain, CT 06053 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Machine Learning Engineer Stanley Black & Decker 1,901 reviews New Britain, CT 06053 Remote Stanley Black & Decker 1,901 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company AI Machine Learning Engineer - Remote 
 
 Come Make the World With Us 
 
It takes great people to achieve greatness. People with a sense of purpose and integrity. People with a relentless pursuit of excellence. People who care about making things better For Those Who Make The World™. Sound like you? Join our top-notch team of 54,000+ professionals in 60 countries who are making their mark on some of the world’s most beloved brands, including DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN, STANLEY, BLACK+DECKER, IRWIN, LENOX and more. 
 
The mission of the AI group is to create and use the best-possible AI technologies, systems, algorithms and models for delivering outsized value and radically accelerating SBD’s businesses and vision. AI is used for improving performance of people and machines by using models and insights generated from automated processing of big data. It’s a broad area encompassing  machine learning (ML) , data science (DS), machine vision, natural language processing (NLP), data analytics (DA), data mining, mathematical optimization, and related technologies from fields such as computer science, robotics, statistics and operations research. This group provides AI leadership, coordination, standards and shared services to all other corporate and business groups across the company. We work with business partners in order to identify existing business problems and emerging value-creation opportunities to which AI techniques can be applied. The AI group is led by the Chief AI Officer (CAO) of SBD. 
 
 What You’ll Do 
As an  AI Machine Learning Engineer ,  you’ll be part of our Artificial Intelligence team located remotely. You will build, deploy and maintain AI/ML systems and explore conceptually new solutions in a fast-paced environment. You will be at the heart of a growing and exciting focus area for Stanley Black & Decker and work with variety of its business units (including manufacturing, security services, industrial equipment and engineering products, as well as other units) to apply artificial intelligence techniques to our most difficult problems. 
You’ll get to: 
Manage, monitor and troubleshoot machine learning infrastructure. 
Collaborate with AI Scientists and Data Scientists to deploy AI/ML algorithms. 
Create engaging user interfaces for SBD customers using our AI Platform. 
Participate in software development sprints to execute key objectives for the platform. 
Write clean, scalable, reusable, testable quality code. 
Collaborate with stake holders and designers to create prototypes necessary for usability evaluations, A/B and MVT testing and development specifications. 
Participate in code reviews and sprint retrospectives to improve the quality of existing projects. 
Develop various components for data pipelines using a micro services architecture. 
 
Who You Are
 
You always strive to do a good job…but wouldn’t it be great if you could do your job and do a world of good? You care about quality – at every level. You love to learn and grow and be acknowledged for your valuable contributions. You’re not intimidated by innovation. In fact, you embrace it. 
You also have: 
An understanding of delivering, deploying and maintaining AI/ML systems into production. 
Experience in deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow, Keras or PyTorch. 
Experience with database systems such as BigQuery, Postgres, MySQL or MongoDB 
Experience with working and deploying solutions on Amazon AWS. 
A functional understanding of big data concepts such as MapReduce, Hadoop etc. 
Strong experience with testing frameworks and libraries. 
Strong front-end skills (HTML5, CSS3) and an eye for design, UX and accessibility. 
A good understanding of software engineering best practices. 
Ability to multi-task effectively in a fast-paced environment. 
High responsiveness and flexibility to changing business priorities and tight deadlines. 
High level of enthusiasm and desire to learn. 
Continuous improvement mindset. 
Master’s degree in computer science, related degree or equivalent work experience. 
At least 2 years of Corporate experience, not solely academia 
3+ years of software developer experience. 
3+ years of experience with Python. 
2+ years of cloud experience 
 
What You’ll Receive 
You’ll receive a competitive salary and a great benefits plan: 
Medical, dental, life, vision, wellness program, disability, 401(k), Employee Stock Purchase Plan, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. 
Discounts on Stanley Black & Decker tools and other partner programs. 
 
How you'll feel: 
We want our company to be a place you’ll want to be – and stay. Being part of our team means you’ll get to:
 Grow:  Be part of our global company with 20+ brands to grow and develop your skills along multiple career paths.
 Learn:  Have access to a wealth of learning resources, including our Lean Academy, Coursera® and online university.
 Belong:  Experience an awesome place to work, where we have mutual respect and a great appreciation for diversity, equity and inclusion. 
Give Back:  Help us continue to make positive changes locally and globally through volunteerism, giving back and sustainable business practices. 
 
What’s more, you’ll get that pride that comes from empowering makers, doers, protectors and everyday heroes all over the world. We’re more than the #1 tools and storage company and #2 security solutions provider, with a leading presence in engineered fastening. We’re visionaries. Industry 4.0 innovators. As successful as we’ve been in the past, we have so much further to go. That’s where you come in. Join us! 
 
 #LI-AH1 
 
 All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic. 
 Requisition Number 
 78090BR 
 Business 
 US - Global IT 
 No. of Positions 
 1 
 EEO Statement 
 All qualified applicants to Stanley Black & Decker are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran’s status or any other protected characteristic. 
 Function 
 Engineering Services
 Featured Category on SBD Careers 
 Engineering, Technology & Data Stanley Black & Decker 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New Britain, CT Jobs at Stanley Black & Decker in New Britain, CT Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New Britain, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stanley Black & Decker Stanley Black & Decker 1,901 reviews For the builders and protectors, for the makers and explorers, for those shaping and reshaping our world through hard work and inspiratio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
