
 
 
 
 Spanish Speakers - Full Time - Phoenix, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Spanish Speakers - Full Time TransPerfect 293 reviews Phoenix, AZ TransPerfect 293 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description TransPerfect Is More Than Just a Job…
 
Our greatest asset is our people, and nothing is more important to us than ensuring that everyone knows that. Each of our 90+ offices has its own individual identity, and each also has its own unique rewards.
 Onsite  Transcriptionist / Language Data Analyst
 We are looking for  English or/and Spanish  to join us on a new innovative and interesting job to improve Artificial Intelligence (i.e. as speech or text recognition, input methods, keyboard/swipe technology or other areas of human-machine interaction related to languages).
 As  Transcriptionist  for the AI Division, you will perform some or all of the following tasks:
 Transcription (create written copies of live speech or dictated audio)
 Data labeling (Identify and label the purpose of what you transcribe)
 Data classification (categorize the job resulted considering different criteria).
 TransPerfect Is More Than Just a Job…
 Our greatest asset is our people, and nothing is more important to us than ensuring that everyone knows that. Each of our 90+ offices has its own individual identity, and each also has its own unique rewards.
 Job requirements
 Native Level Speaker of one of the following languages:  English or Spanish.
 Are of legal age (18+).
 Great reading and comprehension skills in English. All the training material and guidelines provided are available in English only!.
 Ability to meet daily KPI's.
 Excellent time management
 Ability to work independently
 Flexibility, ability to adapt and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently
 Ability to track, analyze, and report issues
 Full-time availability
 Availability to work from our  Tempe office.
 Ability to understand and implement feedback.
 Find comfort in detail-oriented work.
 APPLY HERE:  https://translations.recruitee.com/o/language-data-analyst-spanish-and-english-speakers TransPerfect 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Speaker jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at TransPerfect in Phoenix, AZ Speaker salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from TransPerfect TransPerfect 293 reviews For more than 25 years, TransPerfect has provided comprehensive language and technology solutions to help our clients communicate and con... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
