
 
 
 
 Multi - Service PA2 - Pensacola, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Multi - Service PA2 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Pensacola, FL Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Technical Support function - Should be flexible to work in different shifts. However, flexibility is preferred to work in a 24/7 environment if and when needed. 
Provide phone-based customer technical support for client devices (hardware and the accompanying software) and web-based software and desktop applications 
Provide installation assistance for customer desktop/web-based software, including database setup. 
Work with customer or their IT department to ensure readiness, installation support, and troubleshooting 
Develop training and tracking resources to streamline installation processes, workflow, triage and troubleshooting guides, and common FAQs. 
Logging and investigation of complaints, defects or other sources of customer dissatisfaction. 
Ability to be flexible in work schedules to meet/discuss with US based teams/counterparts project time zones. 
Principle shift 0500 1330 US CT 
Requirements : 
Prefer a bachelors degree from an accredited university: preferably in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or IT or equivalent degrees/certifications. 
At least 1-2 years (preferred) of combined experience with one or more of the following: software support; hardware support; Installation and Implementation setup, Customer Experience, technical documentation; and/or instructions in a private, public, government or military environment. 
Basic understanding of Computer Networking concepts, protocols, technologies, and applications. 
Basic understanding of computer system: User Account Control (UAC), Group Policy, Endpoint Security and Firewall, Remote desktop connection, Troubleshooting in Virtual Environment. 
Basic understanding or experience in Windows OS, Microsoft IIS, and SQL is preferred. 
Strong written and oral communication skills. English Language is mandatory (Read, Write and Speak) 
Resource - Spanish and English Sucessfully Read, Write and Speak in both languages 
Ability to effectively prioritize and make decisions 
Needs to be comfortable with dealing with software and pick up concepts quickly. 
Training, Installation support and scheduling experience will be a plus. 
Problem-solving skills needed. Experience of transitioning old to new systems, Implementation setup will be a plus. 
Should possess excellent communication skills, interpersonal skills, people/team management & strong leadership skills 
Excellent Communication skills, Team Player, Interpersonal skills 
Customer service and technical troubleshooting skills. 
Providing Hardware and Software Support to Customers calling over the phone/email. 
Exceeding call quality and efficiency standards. 
Adherence to Process, Policy & Procedures 
Meeting and exceeding client SL 
Maximize customer satisfaction through effective solutions delivery 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Capgemini in Pensacola, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
