
 
 
 
 Clinical Medical Physicist - Dallas, TX 75390 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Clinical Medical Physicist UT Southwestern 1,037 reviews Dallas, TX 75390 UT Southwestern 1,037 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Department of Radiation Oncology at UT Southwestern Medical Center is seeking a clinical medical physicist to fill an academic faculty position within the Division of Medical Physics and Engineering. Appointment will be at the rank of Assistant Professor or higher. Applicants must have a Ph.D. degree in medical physics or a related field, ABR certification, and solid clinical experience. Although the emphasis is on clinical experience, a track record of clinical research in the field of radiotherapy would be beneficial. The ideal candidates should have strong communication skills along with a commitment to clinical innovation. The individuals sought will participate in the teaching of graduate students and postdoctoral fellows, as well as residents in medical physics and radiation oncology. Personal attributes such as motivation, initiative, problem-solving, and teamwork are highly desired for this position.
 
The clinical physicist is expected to participate in and provide needed clinical support to the research activities in the Department. Research projects in the Division of Medical Physics and Engineering, funded by various federal and state agencies including eight active NIH R01 grants, range from small-animal irradiation, PET instrumentation, medical imaging, image-guided therapy, heavy ion therapy, and automatic treatment planning to artificial intelligence. An example research effort in our division is the MAIA Lab ( www.utsouthwestern.edu/labs/maia ).
 
Qualified applicants should apply at https://jobs.utsouthwestern.edu (Job ID 568775) and attach a current curriculum vitae.
 
UT Southwestern Medical Center is committed to an educational and working environment that provides equal opportunity to all members of the University community. As an equal opportunity employer, UT Southwestern prohibits unlawful discrimination, including discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or veteran status. To learn more, please visit: why-work-here/diversity-inclusion/ . UT Southwestern Medical Center 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at UT Southwestern in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from UT Southwestern UT Southwestern 1,037 reviews The Future of Medicine, Today: Make It Your Future

For more than 75 years, UT Southwestern Medical Center has been healing, discoverin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
