
 
 
 
 ES Tech, Software Dev Engineer - Learning Products - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ES Tech, Software Dev Engineer - Learning Products Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 
Software has revolutionized every industry it has touched. While online learning has taken a strong root over the last two decades, we are at the cusp of the next wave of innovation in the learning space with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. And where better to influence that than in the company known for innovation at a global scale.
 
Amazon's Employee Services Technology (ES Tech) team is seeking a Software Development Engineer II for Learning Products at Amazon. We’re looking for highly technical entrepreneurs who are passionate about innovating on behalf of customers, demonstrate a high degree of system ownership, and want to have fun while they make history. This role will be responsible for net new building of high quality software micro-services for learning management systems.
 
Our team has a highly collaborative, fast moving, and fun culture. As a member of the team you will be responsible for leading the development and launch of a variety of core product features. You will influence our overall strategy by helping define these product features, design the system architecture, and promote the best practices that enable a quality product. You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the employee experience with products used every day by you, your team and your colleagues.
 
The ideal candidate is passionate about the customer experience, takes pride in building high quality software, and has a demonstrable track record of successfully delivering new features and products. They value collaboration, making data-driven decisions, and can comfortably communicate with others, in both technical and non-technical roles.
 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field 
 3+ years professional experience in software development 
 Demonstrated fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design and complexity analysis 
 Experience working on an engineering team using Agile processes 
 Experience taking a leading role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers 
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 Experience with distributed computing and enterprise-wide systems 
 Hands-on expertise across tech stack from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between 
 Experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems 
 
By submitting your application here, you can apply once to be considered for multiple Software Engineer openings across various Amazon teams. If you are successful in passing through the initial application review and assessment, you will be asked to submit your career and personal preferences so that our dedicated recruiters can match you to the right role based on these preferences.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Engineer jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Arlington, VA Product Engineer salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
