
 
 
 
 Audit Associate - Digitalization and IT Assurance - Alpharetta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Audit Associate - Digitalization and IT Assurance Siemens 9,995 reviews Alpharetta, GA Siemens 9,995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you really want to make a difference, come make it with us 
 
Controlling and Finance Assurance (CF A) is a global talent incubator where you will work on different projects for various Siemens businesses across the world. The hands-on international exposure, in-depth view into Siemens operations, and networking opportunities are key elements to embark on a leadership track within Siemens. 
 
Siemens' business is accelerating to the next level of digital and the technology driven environment exceeds everything what was believed to be possible. Our Digitalization and IT Audit Practice plays a pivotal role in providing assurance to the Managing Board and the Audit Committee. We as CF A create impact and provide foresight through assurance over digitalization and technology risks, cloud computing, data privacy and implementation of large IT solutions. By applying sophisticated analytics, Siemens CF A is actively working on the future of assurance. 
 
We are looking for a  (Senior) Audit Associate  with digitalization experience to join our team. Are you up for the challenge? 
 
Learn more at: www.siemens.com/cfa
 Your new role 
 
 Identify key risks in Siemens’s digital environments (e.g. SAP ERP, S/4 Hana, Clouds based on AWS, Azure and many more) that form the backbone of our company, major IT transformation projects, new digital business models offering products and services 
 Design and execute comprehensive audits to address the identified risks 
 Improve and challenge existing audit techniques 
 Seek new ways of using digitalization to provide assurance in cooperation with our data analytics partners 
 Independently drive assurance objectives during fieldwork, including stakeholder interviews and technical evaluations 
 Participate in meetings with senior management to present your conclusions and recommended improvements 
 Take ownership for audit topics within your relevant expertise 
 Independently drive assurance objectives, define and align conclusions and recommended improvements to drive change in the organization. 
 Collaborate with external auditors to ensure effective and efficient audit procedures 
 Maintain and build your network in various Siemens businesses and functions 
 Make use of the outstanding chance to participate in audits within other practices in CF A 
 Conduct your audit engagements using CF A´s agile audit methodology 
 
 Your qualifications 
 
**Audit Associate  candidates must have a minimum of 4 years of professional experience within Siemens, a technology company, or a respected assurance and consulting firm 
 
** Senior Audit Associate  candidates must have a minimum of 7 years of professional experience within Siemens, a technology company, or a respected assurance and consulting firm 
 
 Strong academic history with a degree in IT, Business, Engineering or Finance 
 Relevant work experience and sophisticated knowledge in at least one of the following areas: IT risk management and assurance, implementing digital use cases, state-of-the-art technology (e.g. cloud computing, SAP ERP, S/4 Hana, blockchain, artificial intelligence, edge computing, DevOps) 
 Ideally gained experience in complex IT projects and agile environments 
 Tech savvy and possessing the ability to grasp new digitalization initiatives and emerging technologies 
 Strong desire and drive to develop into a leadership role in the business 
 Flexibility to travel (including internationally) as well as to live/embrace our remote-working culture 
 #LI-MGP 
Organization:  Controlling and Finance 
Company:  Siemens Corporation 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Audit Associate jobs in Alpharetta, GA Jobs at Siemens in Alpharetta, GA Audit Associate salaries in Alpharetta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Siemens 9,995 reviews Siemens AG is a German engineering conglomerate, the largest of its kind in Europe. Siemens has international headquarters located in Ber... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
