
 
 
 
 Enterprise Data Intelligence Architect - Nashville, TN 37203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Enterprise Data Intelligence Architect HCA Healthcare 2,355 reviews Nashville, TN 37203 HCA Healthcare 2,355 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Description 
 Are you passionate about the patient experience?  At HCA Healthcare, we are committed to caring for patients with purpose and integrity. We care like family! Jump-start your career as a(an) Enterprise Data Architect today with HCA Healthcare. 
We are committed to providing our employees with the support they need. At HCA Healthcare, we offer eligible colleagues an attractive benefit package that includes medical, wellbeing, dental and vision benefits along with some unique benefits including: 
Student Loan Repayment 
Tuition Reimbursement/Assistance Programs 
Paid Time Off and Paid Family Leave 
401k (100% annual match – 3%-9% of pay based on years of service) 
Adoption Assistance 
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP) 
Flexible spending accounts 
Short and long-term disability coverage 
Legal benefits and pet insurance 
Discounted Auto, Home, and Life Insurance and Identity Theft Protection 
For more benefits details click here. 
Come join our team as a(an) Enterprise Data Architect. We care for our community! Just last year, HCA Healthcare and our colleagues donated $13.8 million dollars to charitable organizations. Apply Today! 
 JOB SUMMARY
 This role will report directly to the VP & Chief Technologist focusing on data strategy and direction. This individual will work with key stakeholders and teams across the HCA Healthcare enterprise to guide and assist in the data architecture strategy and design for new and existing software application platforms. This individual will translate business and data governance requirements into technical requirements, and possess knowledge of logical data models, transformation rules, and uses of the data for regulatory reporting. Working closely with the Chief Data Officer, this position will support data governance practices that achieve data quality and protection to meet overall business needs. 
This position will work closely with the Corporate Data and Analytics team to assist in identifying emerging technologies and strategies surrounding the data ecosystem. This includes, but not limited to, data storage platforms, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, IoT and enterprise scale analytics. Additionally, further engagement with Clinical Services Group, HealthTrust, Parallon and other key entities within HCA Healthcare, will help ensure consistency and alignment across the enterprise.
 The establishment and ongoing vitality of a clear, well defined strategic approach to the delivery of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning functions as part of a broad enterprise platform will serve as a key area of focus, ensuring applicability across all stakeholders and domains within HCA Healthcare.
 This position will be expected to work with entities outside of HCA to stay abreast and informed of trends and opportunities that might improve or affect HCA Healthcare’s direction relative to the use and deployment of data architectures, inclusive of both on-premise and cloud-based capabilities. 
As a member of this team, this individual will participate and/or facilitate many architecture activities, such as Architecture Review Committee meetings, providing technical design advice and assistance to various project teams, working with key business leaders in identifying technical solutions, working directly with IT&S leadership in the selection and review of technologies. 
GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES 
Under the direction of the VP & Chief Technologist, the Enterprise Data Intelligence Architect will be responsible for: Extract and translate business strategy into architectural requirements. Understand long-term business objectives and suggest technical strategies to meet those objectives. Work closely with leadership, business and product owners to establish and validate data design requirements. Work collaboratively with and across multiple development teams to align data architecture. Communicate design solutions directly with customers and stakeholders to ensure projects follow Enterprise Architecture standards. Assess industry standards for information models and translate them into improvements in HCA Healthcare’s software development framework. Define and develop a data migration or bridging strategy for existing systems that need to migrate to a next generation application software platform. Stays current on the ever-changing technology industry to ensure developed solutions are following both internal and industry “best practices”.
 Experience with modern data pipelines, data streaming, and using real time analytics tools. Leading the selection of technologies for further research and opportunities within HCA Healthcare. Identification of emerging technology and developing plans for adoption of technology within HCA Healthcare. Serving as a lead architect on data initiatives. Demonstrate strong personal and organizational leadership skills.
 Role & Responsibilities Serve as lead architect where appropriate/assigned on initiatives at the direction of leadership Develop and maintain core components of the Architecture Plan to ensure these are up-to-date Direct, identify and proof emerging technologies Ensure project technology decisions are aligned to Enterprise Architecture standards and policies (or otherwise see that they are expanded) Identify architecture challenges related to the project activities and work with Project Manager, Application Architect and Technical Architect to resolve Responsible for building strong relationships with ITG leaders, Business leaders, project managers, and other technical domain experts Serves as a key agent for supporting the development of an overall competency in key technologies, disciplines and architectures Provide mentoring and guidance on technical and architectural direction, methodology, design, and reuse Will work with our security, networking, and other departments to ensure that our integration solutions meet all established policies 
RELEVANT WORK EXPERIENCE 
7 or more years 
Other preferred/required experience:
 Data principles and AI/Machine learning technologies 
MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE 
3 or more years 
EDUCATION
 Master’s Degree - Preferred 
OTHER/SPECIAL QUALIFICATIONS Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Ability to communicate complex concepts Strong presentation skills Must exhibit a strong attention to detail coupled with an ability to multi-task Must have excellent interpersonal skills Must be able to communicate effectively with individuals at various levels within the organization Detail-oriented Detailed knowledge of key technologies in a healthcare setting Must be able to execute and move efforts forward Must be able to demonstrate strategic thinking and adaptability
 Must be able to influence others and drive change 
PHYSICAL DEMANDS/WORKING CONDITIONS
 Some travel may be required but generally less than 10%
 Typical work week hours can vary depending on workload and project deliverables.
 ITG  transforms healthcare and gives people  healthier tomorrows . We deliver information technology strategy, support, and solutions. ITG improve and enhance patient care and business operations. We deliver services at administrative locations, data centers, and hospitals. The facilities we support are located in 20+ states and the United Kingdom. Our team works to  move healthcare forward . We do this by seeking, embracing, developing, and delivering technology for patient care. 
 HCA Healthcare has been named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere Institute for over a decade. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses. 
If you are looking for an opportunity that provides satisfaction and personal growth, we encourage you to apply for our Enterprise Data Architect opening. We promptly review all applications. Highly qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. Unlock the possibilities and apply today! 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. HCA Inc 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Enterprise Architect jobs in Nashville, TN Jobs at HCA Healthcare in Nashville, TN Enterprise Architect salaries in Nashville, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from HCA Healthcare HCA Healthcare 2,355 reviews Improve more lives in more ways

Every day, HCA Healthcare's physicians, nurses and colleagues raise the bar in healthcare to improve m... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
