
 
 
 
 Senior Cyber Fraud Investigator - Arlington, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Cyber Fraud Investigator Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Arlington, VA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's Degree, preferably in an analytical field - e.g. Economics, Operations, Business, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance or an in applicable social sciences field such as Criminal Justice or Law. 
 Minimum of seven years’ experience in cyber-crime or cyber enabled crime investigations or equivalent 
 Minimum of seven years of experience performing in-depth research and assist with write ups of complex and sensitive escalations to numerous internal stakeholders 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Each day, hundreds of thousands of developers make billions of transactions worldwide on our cloud. They are harnessing the power of Amazon Web Services (AWS) to enable innovative applications, websites, and businesses. However, there are always a few people that try to take unfair advantage of a good thing...
 
Are you interested in taking your skills and career to the next level, while having fun and fighting bad guys? Join a growing world class team to conduct investigations in order to prevent malicious and fraudulent usage on AWS. You will be an integral member of a team of investigators, analysts and specialists conducting complex investigations of fraud activity. You will help drive related intelligence initiatives targeting new and emerging fraud threats to AWS.
 
You will leverage your analytical and data skills to deep dive on a myriad of fraud activity to help drive complex investigations and investigative strategies. You will be at the forefront of keeping abreast of trends and fraud issues impacting the Cloud industry to ensure AWS is leading the curve in identifying, migrating and preventing fraud attacks.
 
 Responsibilities include: 
 
 Conduct complex and deep dive investigations of sophisticated criminals and criminal enterprises 
 Use a combination of manual and automated tools to gather data and conduct ad-hoc investigations 
 Work with cross-functional teams across Amazon for collaboration on fraud risks and investigations 
 Take on ad hoc projects/assignments related fraud investigations/prosecutions as necessary 
 Execution of strategy recommendations for intelligence/data driven complex fraud investigations 
 Work with stakeholders to drive process improvements that will impact internal and external customers 
 Maintain the confidentiality of all information obtained during the investigations process 
 Take on ad hoc projects/assignments related fraud investigations/prosecutions as necessary 
 
Learn and Be Curious. We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Inclusion and Diversity. Our team is diverse! We drive towards an inclusive culture and work environment. We are intentional about attracting, developing, and retaining amazing talent from diverse backgrounds. Team members are active in Amazon’s 10+ affinity groups, sometimes known as employee resource groups, which bring employees together across businesses and locations around the world. These range from groups such as the Black Employee Network, Latinos at Amazon, Indigenous at Amazon, Families at Amazon, Amazon Women and Engineering, LGBTQ+, Warriors at Amazon (Military), Amazon People With Disabilities, and more.
 
 
 Experience in e-commerce/on-line companies in fraud / risk control functions 
 Proficiency in SQL 
 Cloud computing experience/knowledge 
 Exposure to Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) 
 Experience working with teams across regions (U.S.; EMEA; APAC) 
 Excellent oral/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both internal and external stakeholders. 
 Ability to be adaptable and flexible in responding to deadlines and workflow fluctuations 
 Ability to deal with high level of ambiguity 
 Experience working with Federal/State/foreign law enforcement or national security agencies 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Fraud Investigator jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Arlington, VA Senior Fraud Investigator salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,172 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
