
 
 
 
 Human Resources Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Human Resources Manager Stats Perform Remote Remote Human Resources Manager(Job Number: US 0128) 
Description 
 JOB DETAILS 
 
 Department: Human Resources 
 
 Job Title: HR Manager 
 
 Reports To (title): SVP Admin and General Counsel 
 
 Career Level: CL4 
 
 Location:  US – Remote 
 
 Line Management Responsibility: Yes 
 
 
 Job Purpose:
 We are looking for a Human Resources Manager to join our Human Resources team. This role will act as a true Business Partner and work with business leaders to develop and execute HR strategies focused on talent management, organizational effectiveness, workforce planning, and employee engagement. This is a perfect opportunity for someone who wants to expand their international employment knowledge. 
 WHAT’S YOUR NEW ROLE ABOUT? 
 You will help Management develop high performing teams using data-driven recommendations that improve performance, retention, and the overall employee experience.
 A true hands-on business partner with the ability to successfully monitor the "pulse" of the employees to ensure a high level of employee engagement 
 Facilitate HR processes such as performance reviews, annual salary reviews, compensation reviews and career leveling in conjunction with HR Shared Services COE. 
 Lead, develop, and inspire a team of HR professionals in a high growth evolving work environment 
 
 DO YOU HAVE THESE ESSENTIALS? 
 7+ years of experience in Human Resources 
 Must be able to interface at all levels of the organization 
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills 
 Able to work independently and as part of a wider global HR team 
 Prior experience handling sensitive/confidential information 
 Strong time management skills, and the ability to adapt to changing priorities. 
 Prior multi-country experience a major plus 
 
 HERE’S A LITTLE MORE ABOUT US 
 Stats Perform collects the richest sports data in the world and transforms it through revolutionary artificial intelligence (AI) to unlock the most in-depth insights for media and technology, betting and team performance. With company roots dating back almost 40 years, Stats Perform embraces and solves the dynamic nature of sport – be that for digital and broadcast media with differentiated storytelling, tech companies with reliable and fast data to power their own innovations, sportsbooks with in-play betting and integrity services, or teams with first-of-its-kind AI analysis software. As the leading sports data and AI company, Stats Perform works with most of the top global sports broadcast companies, tech companies, sportsbooks, teams and leagues. 
 Stats Perform is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status . 
 
  www.statsperform.com Stats Perform 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Stats Perform in Remote Human Resources Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stats Perform Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
