
 
 
 
 Frontend Engineer - Milwaukee, WI 53202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Frontend Engineer Foxconn 2,138 reviews Milwaukee, WI 53202 Foxconn 2,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Frontend Engineer 
 Foxconn Industrial Internet (Fii)  provides innovative design and advanced manufacturing capabilities through Artificial Intelligence driven solutions. Dedicated to the expansion of AI-driven platforms, Fii centers around Cloud Based Computing, Big Data, High-Speed Networks, Automation, and Industry 4.0 methodology. Join an expansive network of professionals who embody an entrepreneurial spirit that works together within a company culture of  one shared mission. 
 
Foxconn is currently seeking a  Frontend Engineer  to join our Industrial A.I. team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. This individual will be responsible for frontend development for our iAIIinstitute.com e-learning platform, including new features, porting 3rd party solutions, maintenance, and customization. This role requires significant work experience in web interfaces, such as Vue.js, React, HTML5, CSS, and general experience consuming backend web services and third-party APIs. The Frontend engineer will work with the team to implement features and tests, debug during development and after integration, and create and maintain design documentation. 
 Responsibilities Include:
 Design, build and maintain responsive web applications. 
 Collaborating with backend engineers to drive the design of our APIs and backend services. 
 Translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code, forming intuitive user interfaces. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 Education Requirements, Ideal Experience: 
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. 
 Strong JavaScript skills, including modern JavaScript (es2016+). 
 Experience with Vue  required . 
 Highly proficient in CSS and HTML/HTML5. 
 Experience with Node/NodeJS/NPM/YARN  required 
 Has experience using Git 
 Experience in developing for mobile/responsive layouts. 
 Team player, with the willingness to work with distributed teams. 
 Bias for action, always pushing the task forward. 
 Excellent communication skills including the ability to explain complex technical details to someone non-technical. 
 Legal authorization to work in the US is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. 
 Preferred Skills: 
 Experience with a ticket tracker, most notably JIRA. 
 Experience in React/ReactJS, REST/RESTful/REST API 
 Experience with unit testing, most notably Jest, Mocha, and Selenium. 
 Experience with Database/SQL/NoSQL 
 Familiarity with jQuery/JSON 
 Familiarity with usability, UX/UI Design. 
 Familiarity with optimization techniques. 
 Familiarity with Typescript. 
 Experience fetching and visualizing data from external API. 
 
 
 Foxconn provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Foxconn complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. 
 
XJ6 Foxconn 18 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Milwaukee, WI Jobs at Foxconn in Milwaukee, WI Front End Developer salaries in Milwaukee, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Foxconn Foxconn 2,138 reviews Established in Taiwan in 1974, Hon Hai Technology Group (Foxconn) (2317:Taiwan) is the world’s largest electronics manufacturer. Foxconn ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
