
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Micron’s Smart Manufacturing and Artificial Intelligence Innovation team is growing and searching for exceptional and innovative data scientists. In this position, you will be working on multidisciplinary projects in end-to-end teams from different geographic locations to develop, prototype, and deploy artificial intelligent and machine learning solutions into business, engineering, and manufacturing processes globally across Micron. You will have the opportunity to constantly learn new technology and creatively apply/deliver solutions to global operations to enable Micron to continue to lead in this competitive landscape. 
Primary Responsibilities 
Work with international end-to-end teams consisting of strategy leads, I4.0 analysts, solution architects, data scientists, data engineers, software engineers, and domain experts in a collaborative manner to develop new data science solutions that improve quality, yield, manufacturing capability, etc. 
Explore, develop, and deploy data science techniques and theories from the areas of big data, data streaming, image and video analytics, mathematics, statistics, signal processing, probability models, machine learning, statistical learning, pattern recognition and learning, visualization, uncertainty modeling, high performance computing, etc., to discover insightful patterns in semiconductor manufacturing data 
Interact with product, process, operations and/or service teams to identify questions and issues for data analyses and experiments. 
Develop and code programs, algorithms and/or automated processes to process large data sets and apply machine learning models. 
Interpret and communicate insights and findings from analyses and experiments to mid-level management and executives 
Work closely with Information Technology and Technical Solutions teams on data management by taking an idea, accessing and preparing the necessary data, and working with other data scientists to create machine learning models to integrate them into an application with an intuitive user interface, or into pre-existing systems, and demonstrate successful use cases and wins. 
Requirements 
Domain knowledge in planning, industrial engineering, product engineering, systems, design test and/or quality will be advantage. 
Strong skills in artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, modeling, and simulation. 
Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills 
Strategically focused, impact oriented, highly organized and adaptable. 
Results orientated with a growth attitude and strong dedication 
Education 
A master’s degree (Ph.D. preferred) or equivalent experience in one or more of the following areas: Data Science; Computer Science; Statistics; 
Physics; Industrial, Electrical, and/or Computer Engineering; Operations Research; Applied Mathematics; or related field of study. 
There is no limit in career advancement at Micron. Team members have the option of pursuing a managerial or technical career path or both! Micron has an outstanding technical leadership program that provides advancement opportunities beyond the principal level. This also includes opportunities to attend and participate in internal technical seminars and innovation forums which includes internal publications. You will also have many opportunities to file patent disclosures and/or be considered for innovation awards. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form Micron 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Senior Data Scientist salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
