
 
 
 
 AI/ML Data Scientist Engineer - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI/ML Data Scientist Engineer Atlas One California Company Overview
 
Atlas One's mission is to increase the success rate of growing companies. By empowering people to recognize and understand the value of talent, we're helping accelerate innovation on a global scale. We use intelligence augmentation to enhance human to human interactions. Our customers are ambitious start-ups to growing enterprises who use our technology solutions, data & insights, and partnerships with our talent services to assemble top performing teams.
 
About Engineering Team
 
Atlas One's Engineering Team builds the technology behind our intelligence augmentation platform. We are working hard to create and evolve the technical solutions that will scale the most promising companies around the world.
 
Our engineers collaborate with every part of the company, guiding the development of features that make a direct impact both internally and for our customers. If you're looking for a challenge that will put you in the forefront of human-machine interaction, we'd love to have you!
 
The Data Science team works closely with product and engineering to power the guest side data ecosystem, enable easy insights, reliable measurement and influence product development.
 
 About the Role: 
We're looking for a talented data scientist & engineer who would work with our software engineers and program managers on analysing customer behaviour patterns and providing AI-driven experiences to our customers, as well as improving the efficiency of our global-scale cloud platform.
 
 Within 3 Months, You'll: 
Collaborate with product and engineering teams
 Understand data needs by interfacing with Engineers, and Business Partners
 Architect, build, and launch efficient & reliable new data models and pipelines in partnership with Product and Software development team
 Design, define, and implement metrics and dimensions to enable analysis and predictive modelling
 
 Within 6 Months, You'll: 
Become a data expert in your business domain and own data quality
 Identify, document and promote standard methodologies
 Build tools for auditing, error logging, and validating data tables
 Work closely with the engineering team to deploy, monitor, and optimize operational models to run at scale, in production
 Communicate results in a clean and simple way, to all levels of the company
 Design and develop dashboards to enable self-serve data consumption
 
 Within 9 Months, You'll: 
Understand complex business/technical challenges to break them down into actionable investigations and experiments
 Interpret results of data experiments and derive meaningful actions and prioritization of opportunities
 Design, prototype, implement and test descriptive, predictive analytics, and forecasting models
 
You Should Apply if You Have;
 
Familiar with data science methods and tools (e.g., clustering, classification, optimization, data mining, predictive modelling, and machine learning)
 Experience with covering engineering best practices (code quality, repo hygiene, code reviews, unit testing, design documentation, deployment )
 Proven ability to succeed in both collaborative and independent work environments
 Detail oriented and excited to learn new skills and tools
 Passion for high data quality and scaling data science work
 Be a team player and be willing to delve into the details of the product to make sure clients are seeing value.
 
 Benefits: 
We will pay you what you're worth. We are fully committed to closing the gender pay gap, promoting diversity and inclusivity, and paying people what they deserve to be paid.
 We're a Remote First business. We have team members everywhere, from Japan to US, from UK to Egypt - we place an emphasis on finding the right people in any location, not any people in the right location.
 Enjoy the benefits of a flexible work schedule as part of a fully distributed workforce.
 Experience ongoing training and growth opportunities. We will support you with your career endeavours. We are committed to internal progression and offering our team members the best opportunities for growth. We want to invest in you the same way you are going to invest in us!
 Unlimited PTO - The days off are not tracked, so it's up to you to decide how much time you want to take off. We love freedom, flexibility, and trust.
 International Healthcare, travel the world without concern!
 
More About Us
 
Our team run the show and are very influential in decision making. We hire creative and innovative people and give them the autonomy to do great work. We are strongly against artificial separations of responsibility and throwing work "over the wall."
 We build Atlas One to be a remarkably great place to work. Check out our 5 star employer rating on Glassdoor!
 Atlas One is committed to an inclusive and diverse work environment. As an equal opportunity employer, we do not discriminate based on gender, sexuality, race, colour, disability or any other legally protected status. Atlas One 30+ days ago original job Report job Data Scientist jobs in California Jobs at Atlas One in California Data Scientist salaries in California Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
