
 
 
 
 Quantitative Strategist - MBD Engineering - New York, NY 10282 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Strategist - MBD Engineering Goldman Sachs 1,862 reviews New York, NY 10282 Goldman Sachs 1,862 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description MORE ABOUT THIS JOB:
 
The Merchant Banking Strategists  collaborate with investing and finance professionals to create quantitative computer models and web applications to support all aspects of the investing and lending life cycle. We create quantitative models and developing software applications to help structure, value, hedge, risk manage the investments in our portfolios. Members hold advanced degrees in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics. The team proactively collaborates with colleagues globally to ensure the most appropriate and scalable solutions are implemented to everyone’s benefit. 
 At Goldman Sachs, our culture is one of teamwork, innovation and meritocracy. We often say our people are our greatest asset and we take pride in supporting each colleague both professionally and personally. From collaborative work spaces and mindfulness classes to working from home and flexible work options, we offer our people the support they need to reach their goals in and outside the office. 
What We Do 
At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don’t just make things – we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets . 
Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here. 
Who We Look For 
Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment. 
Your impact 
As a strategist, you will create cutting edge models used in corporate, middle market and retail sectors to provide insights in market behaviors and to help our business grow. You will create complex computational architectures, leveraging advances in very large data store, parallel processing and other automation tools to meet the challenge of a rapidly growing and evolving business. 
RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS:
 
How You Will Fulfil Your Potential 
We are interested in individuals who have strong quantitative and coding skills and a continued interest to learn about finance. As a Quantitative Strategist in Merchant Banking Engineering, you will have the opportunity to work on many different types of projects including: 
Developing portfolio management systems and tools for senior investment leaders 
Providing quantitative analytics to optimize investment structure and pricing before deal underwriting / at investment stage 
Creating computational models for valuing bespoke investments and projecting of expected returns 
Develop Macroeconomic risk management and macro-hedge strategies in the equity, FX, rates and commodity spaces 
Advising on fund structuring and strategy to maximize profits for our investors and the Firm 
Identify opportunity for engineering solutions to advance the businesses 
Deliver commercially impactful and well-designed technology products 
Transform the deal sourcing process with advanced data science and machine learning techniques 
Basic Qualifications 
Quantitative background with Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related technical discipline 
Strong programming and software development skills in any object orientated programming languages [eg. Java / C++ / Etc.]
 Strong written and verbal communication skills, with an ability to present complex technical idea to a multitude of technical and non-technical audiences 
Pro-active attitude to problem solving, personal sense of ownership and responsibility, collaborative team-player, and a strong growth mindset 
Ability to multitask across many parallel short-term and long-term projects, in a fast moving and high pressure environment 
Preferred Qualifications 
Practical experience building software in a commercial environment (full-stack a plus). 
Working knowledge of Corporate Finance and Financing Mathematics 
In-depth knowledge or research experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS:
 
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS 
At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world.
 
 
We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers.
 
 
We’re committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html 
© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2021. All rights reserved. 
Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Goldman Sachs 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Goldman Sachs in New York, NY Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs 1,862 reviews At Goldman Sachs, we believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We seek out people with all types of skills, interests and expe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
