
 
 
 
 Tech Compliance Sr Advisor (contract) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tech Compliance Sr Advisor (contract) Anthem 5,272 reviews Remote Remote Anthem 5,272 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Your Talent. Our Vision . At  Anthem, Inc ., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will  drive the future of health care . 
This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work as a contractor at Anthem ( via BC Forward ) that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. 
Ensures stability and compliance with audit and regulatory requirements/mandates. Mentors analysts and auditors in performing compliance audits. 
Primary duties may include but are not limited to : 
Performs interviews and asks questions to gather necessary to perform reviews and audits. 
Documents and tracks results. 
Produces Client Assistance Guides (CAGs). 
Monitors work of analysts and auditors and provides feedback to associates and management. 
Escalates issues to area management. 
Researches complex business and technical processes. 
Assesses risk of IT systems, operational processes and financial processes. 
Suggests process improvements through consultation with operations and finance staff. 
Responds to requests of internal and external auditors. 
Documents business processes dependent on information technology. 
Produces engagement planning, tests planning, documents findings, and defines appropriate remediation. 
Creates training documents. 
Delivers presentations to management. 
Creating policies and assuring adherence to policies. 
Will be working with a group of people to mature the Digital Compliance Program and Responsible AI Program. 
Analyzes results of specific or general work requests. 
Leads and executes engagement plan objectives. 
Provides status and reporting metrics. 
Resolves conflict and escalates issues. 
Responds to management inquiries. Creates tools to gather and retain information with ease to support audit team. 
Requirements: 
Requires BA/BS degree; 
8 years experience in audit (information technology, operations or financial); or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background. 
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) 
Policy Creator / Tech Writer 
Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), Certified Public accounting (CPA), or Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE)certification required. 
Proficient desktop skills (MS Office-Excel, Word, Access, Project) required. 
Strong written and verbal communication skill required. 
Excellent organization and time management skills required. 
Proficient understanding of audit and regulatory requirements and standards (PCAOB, CobiT, SAS70, SOX etc.) required. 
Ability to work in team environment and mentor others required. 
Experience/Knowledge with Artificial Intelligences (AI) 
CISA cert highly preferred 
Compliance and Audit Background 
Policy Creation / Management 
Ideal candidate would probably have a background in a tech company or tech organization focused on compliance policies and working knowledge of AI. 
Additional Details: 
Work Schedule is M-F. 
Remote but with a preference of 50 miles from an Anthem location. 
Possible Temp To Hire 
An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
Privacy Notice for California Residents Anthem 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technician jobs in Remote Jobs at Anthem in Remote Technician salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Anthem Anthem 5,272 reviews Your Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater care for our ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
