
 
 
 
 AI Analytics Marketing Strategist - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Analytics Marketing Strategist Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Intel is uniquely positioned to provide AI and analytics technologies and solutions that best address the insatiable customer demand for turning data into insight. The AI and Analytics Marketing AIA team in Intel's Global Marketing Organization (GMO), is chartered to work across multiple Intel business groups, Cloud and Enterprise, Internet of Things, Intel Architecture and Graphics and others to promote the adoption of Intel-based solutions with cloud service provider, enterprise and government end users. 
As a member of the Artificial Intelligence and Analytics marketing team, you'll combine your marketing experience with your passion for AI and analytics, enabling Intel to grow its industry visibility, leadership and business. In this role, you will work extensively with stakeholders across the company to maximize our global marketing impact.
 We are a highly driven team that is passionate about helping Intel enrich lives through AI and analytics and having fun along the way. If you believe you could thrive in such an environment and this role and you meet the below qualifications, then please don't hesitate to apply. 
Functional responsibilities may include the following: 
Collaborate closely with integrated marketing on campaign planning, digital strategy, content roadmap, tier 1 product launches, etc. 
Own and execute the strategy for Intel's AI and analytics presence at key industry events, to ensure appropriate messaging, speakers, disclosures, content and demos are in place. 
Establish key Intel voices for audiences and a roadmap of externally visible messaging and content plans. 
Contribute to the development of world class narrative for AI and analytics as well as content such as keynotes, gold decks, field training materials, sales tools and technical collateral. 
Help define and refine AI and analytics marketing priorities, messages and marketing plans for key audiences that span buyers, builders, and influencers. 
A successful candidate will demonstrate: 
A deep understanding and passion for big data / analytics / business intelligence / artificial intelligence including technical, business, solution stack, infrastructure and ops. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates.  This Position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship. 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical discipline or non-technical degree with relevant work experience. 
4+ years' experience in B2B tech marketing including product, outbound, content development, marketing analytics, etc. 
4+ years’ experience in AI, machine learning, deep learning, data science, analytics and/or related fields. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Master’s degree or MBA preferred. 
Inside this Business Group 
Global Marketing & Communications is responsible for Intel's brand management, end-user product marketing and go-to-market activation strategy for direct and indirect marketing programs worldwide 
Other Locations 
 
US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, California, Folsom;US, California, Santa Clara;Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$110,720.00-$183,250.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Marketing Specialist jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Marketing Specialist salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
