
 
 
 
 Business Analyst - St. Louis, MO 63121 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Business Analyst GalaxE.Solutions St. Louis, MO 63121 What You Will Do:
 Communicate with stakeholders to understand their requirements 
Develop and analyze functional specifications 
Design efficient IT systems to meet business and technology needs 
Coordinate developers to build and implement technology solutions 
Integrate multiple systems and reconcile needs of different teams 
Gather feedback from end users about system performance 
Plan and oversee projects (e.g. upgrades, hardware/software installations) 
Provide advice and technical training 
Keep abreast of technology trends and developments 
Skills and Experience You Will Need:
 
Required 
Proven experience as an IT Analyst, IT Consultant or similar role 
Experience in project management 
Knowledge of databases, system security and troubleshooting 
Understanding of business practices 
Excellent communication skills 
Analytical mindset 
Problem-solving aptitude 
Education 
BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field 
Who We Are:
 
About GalaxE.Solutions 
GalaxE is a professional IT services firm that specializes in platform-driven solutions and the use of automation to achieve enterprise business transformation and mission-critical change for some of the largest companies in the world. Using our proprietary solution set, GxFource®, we apply machine learning techniques and predictive analytics tools as part of a broad artificial intelligence strategy that provides effective impact and data-driven business transformation. 
 Since its founding, GalaxE has been dedicated to advancing the benefits of technology. As we continue that legacy and look to the future, a focus on business enablement through agile, cost-efficient, and effective integration of people, process, and technology anchors our success. We revolutionize change in the costs of doing business that transform companies and their ability to leap beyond the competition. 
At GalaxE we value people and are committed to diversity and inclusion where our employees are made to feel comfortable and are encouraged to be authentic. We focus on cultivating both traditional IT and non-traditional, new collar, workers through our Outsource to America®, program. 
We are always looking for passionate, entrepreneurial-minded innovators and disrupters; game-changers that take ownership of the work they produce and bring it each and every day. Working with like-minded team members you will get a chance to discover, develop, and use cutting-edge technologies to transform the way we deliver creative business solutions. 
Sound like you? Join us and find out for yourself what it means for you, and your career, to be part of the GalaxE team. Let’s build something, together. #WeAreGalaxE 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled GalaxE.Solutions 2 days ago original job Report job Business Analyst jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at GalaxE.Solutions in St. Louis, MO Business Analyst salaries in St. Louis, MO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
