
 
 
 
 Data Engineer (Remote) - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer (Remote) Medable Palo Alto, CA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Medable's mission is to get effective therapies to patients faster. We provide an end-to-end, cloud-based platform with a flexible suite of tools that allows patients, healthcare providers, clinical research organizations and pharmaceutical sponsors to work together as a team in clinical trials. Our solutions enable more efficient clinical research, more effective healthcare delivery, and more accurate precision and predictive medicine. Our target audiences are patients, providers, principal investigators, and innovators who work in healthcare and life sciences. 
Our vision is to accelerate the path to human discovery and medical cures. We are passionate about driving innovation and empowering consumers. We are proactive, collaborative, self-motivated learners, committed, bold and tenacious. We are dedicated to making this world a healthier place. 
 
 Qualifications 
About the job 
Company Description 
 
Medable's mission is to get effective therapies to patients faster. We provide an end-to-end, cloud-based platform with a flexible suite of tools that allows patients, healthcare providers, clinical research organizations and pharmaceutical sponsors to work together as a team in clinical trials. Our solutions enable more efficient clinical research, more effective healthcare delivery, and more accurate precision and predictive medicine. Our target audiences are patients, providers, principal investigators, and innovators who work in healthcare and life sciences. 
 
Our vision is to accelerate the path to human discovery and medical cures. We are passionate about driving innovation and empowering consumers. We are proactive, collaborative, self-motivated learners, committed, bold and tenacious. We are dedicated to making this world a healthier place. 
 
 Job Description 
Develop C++ libraries/frameworks to support data science infrastructure and applications 
Develop distributed software systems for training large-scale machine learning models 
Develop custom machine learning algorithms from lower-level building blocks 
Create abstractions and easy-to-use interfaces to lower-level machine learning tools and software components 
Select features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques 
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods such as natural language processing 
Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems 
Process, clean, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis 
Qualifications 
5+ of working experience in Computer Science or a combination of education and experience 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Engineering, or a related field 
Advanced skills in R programming language, C++, Python, Java, Node.JS 
Advanced software development 
Expertise in machine learning methods and data analysis 
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills 
Passion for machine-learning and research 
Experience in data mining 
Analytical mind and business acumen 
Problem-solving aptitude 
Excellent communication skills 
Additional Information 
 
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 
Additional Information 
Minimum Level of Education 
BSCS minimum Medable 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Medable in Palo Alto, CA Data Engineer salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Medable Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
