
 
 
 
 Mixed Reality - Software Engineering Lead - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Mixed Reality - Software Engineering Lead Microsoft Redmond, WA 98052 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In  Mixed Reality , people—not devices—are at the center of everything we do. Our tech moves beyond screens and pixels, creating a new reality aimed at bringing us closer together—whether that’s scientists “meeting” on the surface of a virtual Mars or some yet undreamt-of possibility. To get there, we’re incorporating groundbreaking technologies, from the revolutionary Holographic Processing Unit to computer vision, machine learning, human-computer interaction, and more. 
 We’re a growing team of talented engineers, program managers and artists putting technology on a human path across all Windows devices, including Microsoft HoloLens, the Internet of Things, phones, tablets, desktops, and Xbox. Our team has people from a wide variety of backgrounds, identities, previous work histories, life experiences, and we are eager to maintain and grow that diversity. Our varied backgrounds and unique experiences enable us to be better at building the best solutions for our customers and make for dynamic and joyful collaborations with colleagues! 
 You are drawn to working on the latest and most innovative products in the world. You seek projects that will transform how people interact with technology. You have a drive to grow your skillset by finding unique challenges that have yet to be solved. We are looking for a strong and highly motivated  Lead  Software Engineer  to come join us in delivering the next wave of holographic experiences in an exciting new project. 
Responsibilities 
Define the engineering strategy for the team both from a technical and a business front. 
Manage and lead a rapidly growing team of amazing and proficient software engineers. 
Partner with an industry-leading team of Engineers, Artists, Designers and Producers to deliver high-quality holographic experiences and code components that power our services and SDKs. 
Work with state-of-the-art next generation hardware (HMDs, sensors) and software. 
Incorporate the latest Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Computer Vision capabilities into the design of our Products and Services. 
Contribute to the organizations’ priority initiatives including talent hiring, diversity and inclusion, people growth and development 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications: 
A minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Design, Software Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience is required 
7 years' minimum experience in Software Design or Software Development 
Preferred Qualifications  (there are plenty of other skills that aren’t required, but you’ll find useful in this role. Let us know if you have experience with): 
Minimum of 3 years of demonstrated experience as a technical lead and people manager 
C# and C++ coding background and proficiency in debugging across technology stacks 
Proficiency with Unity, Unreal or related game engines' 
Experience shipping high quality, scalable, networked user experiences and services 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Augmented, Virtual and/or Mixed Reality 
Experience working with the US Military 
Cloud and distributed services technologies, such as Docker containers, Storage services, etc. 
Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning 
This position requires access to export-controlled commodities, technical data, technology, software,and services governed by the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). Due to contractuallimitations and ITAR obligations associated with this role, U.S. citizenship, U.S. legal permanentresident status, or protected person status under 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(3) is required. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings : 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
#MixedReality 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 2 days ago original job Report job Engineering Lead jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Engineering Lead salaries in Redmond, WA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
