
 
 
 
 Programmer (Mid) - Dulles, VA 20166 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Programmer (Mid) SkyePoint Decisions 3 reviews Dulles, VA 20166 Remote SkyePoint Decisions 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
SkyePoint Decisions is seeking an experienced  Programmer (Mid)  to join our team. This position will support the Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning (ML) Engineering team with the application of RPA and AI/ML engineering within pipelines such as test automation framework. 
Responsibilities:
 Supports the creation of Python, R, and other languages necessary to support the AI/ML model chosen by the Data Scientist 
Qualifications:
 Must be able to obtain a DHS Public Trust clearance 
Bachelor's Degree Required 
Three (3) years' of experience 
SkyePoint Decisions is a leading Cybersecurity Architecture and Engineering, Critical Infrastructure and Operations, and Applications Development and Maintenance IT service provider headquartered in Dulles, Virginia with operations across the U.S. We provide innovative enterprise-wide solutions as well as targeted services addressing the complex challenges faced by our federal government clients. Our focus is on enabling our clients to most efficiently and effectively deliver their mission – anytime, anywhere, securely. We combine technical expertise, mission awareness, and an empowered workforce to produce meaningful results. 
SkyePoint Decisions is an established ISO 9001:2015 and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified small business and appraised at CMMI Level 3 (with SAM) for Services. We possess a common vision of excellence and foster a collaborative team culture built upon individual performance and accountability. We invest in our people and systems to create value for our clients. It is the SkyePoint Way. We are grateful for the opportunity to work with exceptional people and give back to the communities we serve. 
SkyePoint Decisions is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. SkyePoint Decisions 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Programmer jobs in Dulles, VA Jobs at SkyePoint Decisions in Dulles, VA Programmer salaries in Dulles, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SkyePoint Decisions 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
