
 
 
 
 Embedded Systems Engineer I - Brookfield, WI 53005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Embedded Systems Engineer I Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Brookfield, WI 53005 Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
 INNOVATE WITHOUT BOUNDARIES!  At Milwaukee Tool we firmly believe that our People and our Culture are the secrets to our success - so we give you unlimited access to everything you need to create disruptive new technologies and solutions on our electrical engineering teams. Our Engineering Team is responsible for giving life to the batteries, motors, and electronics that power solutions changing the lives of our users. Every developmental phase of these critical components happens in-house under the watch of this team. We continue to invest in electrical engineering resources to design and develop leadership in electronic capabilities; something unique within the industry. And we're pushing the limits in firmware engineering, power electronics, embedded systems, machine learning, and the use of artificial intelligence.
 Behind our doors you'll be empowered every day to own it, drive it, and do what it takes to design and develop the biggest breakthroughs in the industry. Meanwhile, you'll have the support and resources of the fastest-growing brand in the construction industry to make it happen.
 Year after year, our team continues to make significant breakthroughs in the industry. We're just getting started. To learn more about our story click  HERE .
 The Embedded Systems Engineer I will collaborate with Engineering and Operations teams globally to design, build and qualify innovative embedded systems revolving around novel sensors, motor control, rich user interfaces, and wireless connectivity to our tools. You will join a team of passionate electronic, firmware, mechanical and IoT engineers to deliver the next Milwaukee Tool breakthroughs. 
 
You'll also be DISRUPTIVE through these duties and responsibilities: 
 
 Under the supervision of senior engineers, design, prototype, test, and troubleshoot embedded electronics including hardware and firmware for low to mid-level complexity projects.
 Use laboratory equipment such as oscilloscopes, power supplies, electronic loads, and data acquisition systems.
 Conduct experiments, perform simulations, and draw concise, logical conclusions by analyzing data.
 Create test plans for electronic components and assemblies within scope of project.
 Track project design and test workflows to ensure adherence to schedule and Milwaukee Tool's processes. 
 Schedule, develop agendas for, facilitate, and document technical meetings and formal presentations.
 Develop and apply manufacturing mindset to designs to effectively and efficiently mass produce power tools. 
 Acquire knowledge and maintain an understanding of Milwaukee Tool's development and manufacturing processes.
 Design and qualify new solutions to applicable regulatory standards such as UL, CEC, CE, and ANSI.
 What TOOLS you'll bring with you: 
 
 Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering or related field.
 Understanding of embedded systems, PCBA manufacturing and power electronics.
 Familiarity with schematic capture, PCBA layout software, and circuit simulation tools. 
 Working knowledge of C programming targeted at an implementation on microcontrollers. 
 Excellent problem-solving skills, exercises independent judgement and works well under pressure in a dynamic environment.
 Ability to travel 10% of the time (domestic and international).
 Other TOOLS we prefer you to have: 
 
 Working knowledge of a second modern programming language such as Python or C++.
 Experience with analog and digital system design.
 We provide these great perks and benefits: 
 
 Robust health, dental and vision insurance plans. 
 Generous 401 (K) savings plan. 
 Education assistance. 
 On-site wellness, fitness center, food, and coffee service. 
 And many more, check out our benefits site  HERE . Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Brookfield, WI Jobs at Milwaukee Tool in Brookfield, WI System Engineer salaries in Brookfield, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Milwaukee Tool Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Since the company began in 1924, Milwaukee Tool has led the industry in developing innovative solutions that deliver increased productivi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
