
 
 
 
 AI/Autonomous Systems/C3ISR Technology SME - Falls Church, VA 22041 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/Autonomous Systems/C3ISR Technology SME ANSER 11 reviews Falls Church, VA 22041 ANSER 11 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. OVERVIEW: 
ANSER enhances national and homeland security by strengthening public institutions. We provide thought leadership for complex issues through independent analysis and we deliver practical, useful solutions. ANSER values collaboration, integrity, and initiative and we are client focused in all that we do. Because we were established for the purpose of public service and not for profit, we measure our success in the impact of our service. 
 SPECIFIC JOB DESCRIPTION: 
 The Office of Prototypes and Experiments (P&E) within the Office of the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering (OUSD(R&E)) is seeking a technology subject matter expert (SME) in the fields of Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Autonomous Systems and Command, Control, and Communications, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (C3ISR). OUSD(R&E) P&E's mission is to identify, develop, and demonstrate forward looking concepts encompassing multi-domain technologies to satisfy Multi-Service and Combatant Commands (COCOMs) priorities for the Department of Defense. 
 The Technology SME will support P&E in the following ways: 
 Support the planning, coordinating, and execution of a large-scale multi-year demonstration and experimentation campaign to evaluate the operational utility of prototypes in a multi-domain environment.
 Support the development of a strategy and framework for identifying prototype mission capabilities into demonstration or experimentation venues to evaluate their operational utility.
 Produce concepts of operations, lessons learned, or technical reports to identify operational successes and capability gaps to maximize the campaign’s alignment to mitigate gaps.
 Build interest and engagement from Military Service to establish Tactics Techniques and Procedures (TTPs) to facilitate the transition of prototyping capabilities into programs of record for sustainment. 
 
 SKILLS & EXPERIENCE 
 Top Secret w/ SCI Clearance 
 Knowledge in AI/Autonomous Systems in the following technical areas:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine Learning to assess the performance of software which shall enable autonomous vehicle and control elements, perception, cognition, and action of system controls within an existing prototype.
 The aptitude of the expert shall assess the multi-data fusion of sensor data for Processing, Exploitation and Dissemination (PED). 
 Knowledge in C3ISR in the following technical areas
  Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) & Electronic Warfare (EW) to assess prototype C4ISR architectures abilities to achieve the National Defense Strategy in support of Fully Networked Command and Control (FNC2).
 Perform strategic assessment of a prototype’s ability to systematically observe mission objectives and its ability to acquire, fuse, and disseminate information.
 Assess various ISR payloads to evaluate performance to evaluate radars, wireless communications, and Radio Frequency (RF) propagation. 
 Support, technology developmental, operational and integration of the Department’s ability to close strategic, operational, and tactical kill chains that are acknowledged as critical weaknesses across the services, combatant commands, and Joint Staff. This includes the ability to support weapon system targeting across all domains.
 Assess the technical performance of EW prototypes that will enhance electromagnetic spectrum operations to maintain Spectrum Dominance 
 Desired: 
 Military or OSD experience 
 
 EDUCATION & YEARS OF EXPERIENCE 
 Master degree in an engineering, scientific, and/or technical discipline that is relevant 
 15 years of progressively responsible experience in financial management or accounting. 
 
 DISCLAIMER: 
In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act Amendment Act (ADAAA), if you have a disability and would like to request an accommodation in order to apply for a position with ANSER, please call  703-416-2000  or e-mail Recruiting@anser.org ANSER is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We seek individuals from a broad variety of backgrounds with varying levels of experience who have a desire to do meaningful work. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote regardless of race, color, gender, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by law AnSer 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at ANSER in Falls Church, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANSER ANSER 11 reviews 
ANSER exists for a purpose different from that of most companies. Our For Purpose (Not-for-Profit) charter means that our allegiance, f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
