
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Operations Engineer (MLOps) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Operations Engineer (MLOps) Reveal Biosciences Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Reveal Biosciences is creating a new generation of data powered pathology to improve global healthcare. Our proprietary deep learning-based platform, imageDx, delivers scientists and pathologists a novel class of actionable, quantitative data to accelerate research and enhance patient care. 
Our team is creating artificial intelligence technologies for whole slide pathology images that increase accuracy, reproducibility and scale. We see that by taking a quantitative approach, the data generated by our tools benefits preclinical research, clinical trials, and ultimately patients. 
We are seeking an experienced Machine Learning Operations Engineer to play a key role in the development of Reveal’s ML development lifecycle. The role requires close collaboration with Reveal’s data & life science teams and software engineers. This is a fast paced environment where you will work side-by-side with other engineers, data scientists and pathologists - incorporating Reveal’s cutting edge machine learning/artificial intelligence technologies - to build market leading products with a significant societal benefit. 
The main focus of this role is to bring more automation and scalability to our machine-learning efforts. Our goal is to improve remote collaboration and deployment processes to get our data models to more scientists. 
Responsibilities: 
Create automation pipelines for the entire MLOps lifecycle from data prep, training, deployment, and monitoring. 
Select, evaluate and integrate industry leading tools and frameworks. 
Collaborate with data scientists, software engineers, pathologists, and company stakeholders. 
Our Technology: GCP, Python, Docker, Jupyter, Git, GitHub 
Qualifications: 
BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field 
Proven MLOps/DevOps life-cycle experience, minimum of 8-10 years 
Mastery of a relevant programming language such as Python 
Experience with containerisation technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Proven experience with one the major cloud platforms AWS, GCP or Azure 
Experience with continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) frameworks. 
Experience building out & maintaining SaaS offerings a plus 
Strong moral compass 
Why You’ll Like Reveal: 
 
Reveal offers a competitive salary and benefits. In addition to those, here are some other perks that might convince you: 
An open, collaborative, and engaged team focused on making a difference 
Flexible work hours with work-from-home options 
Big opportunity at an early stage company that’s growing fast 
4 weeks paid leave per year with extended holidays and team-approved leave 
Team Building events including company lunches and outings 
Healthcare plans including medical (HMO & PPO), vision, and dental 
Employer paid life insurance 
Employee assistance programs for mental and behavioral health 
 ybAdPPgpvK Reveal Biosciences 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Reveal Biosciences in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Reveal Biosciences Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
