
 
 
 
 Test Architect- Senior level (Remote- Home Based Worker) - Northbrook, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Test Architect- Senior level (Remote- Home Based Worker) Allstate 8,225 reviews Northbrook, IL Remote Allstate 8,225 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $110,000 - $130,000 a year Full Job Description The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
Compensation Data 
This role pays in the range of $110-130K per year and the final salary will be determined by experience and skills. 
Job Summary: 
The Test Automation Architect is a technical hands-on leader in the testing organization and is a strategic participant across many development efforts. As a Test Architect, you are passionate about driving efficiency in the software development process by using leading tools and frameworks to deliver complete automated test suites and provide test automation architecture to a large global insurance organization. This position could also be referred to as a Software Engineer in Test (SDET). The Test Architect provides overall leadership on test strategy, script design, script execution, automation framework, service virtualization, data virtualization, and environment design & advanced Test Management strategies all combined to improve effectiveness, costs and velocity. Responsible for the design, enhancement and future growth of test automation architecture and framework.
 Key Responsibilities: Provide leadership around test techniques or methodologies to support complex or strategic direction for creation of the automation test suite environment 
 Provide leadership in the execution of automated test scripts and validation of requirements 
 Lead the design, modification, development, and implementation of test automation architecture and framework 
 Responsible for the automation architecture and provides direction on automation techniques. Responsible for the research and implementation of the advanced features of test automation 
 In an agile/scrum environment, may: 
 Execute practical application of Agile framework components (user stories, scrum, sprints, etc.). 
 Participate in Scrum, Daily Stand-up, Sprint and iterative development activities – prepared to take on any role within the Agile team 
 For activities related to Test Management, may: 
 Provide consultation on the most complex testing strategies 
 Contribute and provide subject matter expertise to iterative test strategy 
 Provide subject matter expertise on framework direction and output 
 Extend tool capabilities and integrate with other technologies by coding interfaces, new functions, custom objects, etc. 
 Execute test cases within the Functional, Mobile, Performance or Web Services Automation framework 
 Create, consult and maintain an environment where a Test Driven Development behavior is fostered 
 Create and validate automated scripts that support Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery pipeline 
 Consult and provide direction on test environment issues; act as SME for external environment team communications 
 Apply Testing Lifecycle Management principles in the context of a product 
 Possess technical competency and takes on leadership role to interact with application developers to ensure software quality 
Qualifications
  5+ years of software development background 
 5+ years of manual & automation testing experience of N-tier applications 
 5+ years of experience with SDLC 
 4+ years of experience with Agile Scrum 
 Proficiency with one or more of the following programming languages/frameworks: C#, Java, Python, .NET/Java frameworks 
 4+ years of Test Automation Development experience with open source and market-leading vended solutions creating functional, regression, or performance tests 
 Expert level hands on experience with Selenium Web driver using Java 
 2+ years hands on experience with implementing Continuous Integration and build automation systems such as Jenkins, Octopus etc. 
 2+ years of experience in architecting, implementing solutions/frameworks to effectively transition testing to the cloud. 
 1+ years of Relational Database Management (Oracle, SQL, MySQL) SQL and Data Validation are essential 
 Experience with testing Web Services 
 Strong Analysis, Troubleshooting, and Problem Solving Skills 
 Understanding of Performance Testing 
 5+ years of strong hands-on functional / system test automation experience 
 Experience constructing test plans and executing against these plans across functional, regression unit, system, performance, stress and load testing 
 Experience with mobile automation tools such as Perfecto Mobile and Mobile Labs 
 Hands-on experience with one or more of the following is expected: JAVA, JAVASCRIPT, SELENIUM, TestNG, Jasmine, Protractor, Appium, SoapUI, Cucumber, BlazeMeter, Jenkins, and GIT 
 Knowledge of containers, virtualizations and ability to help design and implement computing grids used in testing Selenium 
 Strong knowledge and understanding of continuous delivery pipelines and tools to support IT. Continuous delivery pipeline integration approaches for testing automation 
 Creative with ability to "think outside the box" for long-term solution 
 Leverages Agile/Scrum-enabling test execution tools. Experience with the following tools: 
 Agile Planning tool (e.g. JIRA) 
 Functional Test Automation (e.g. Selenium WebDriver, UFT) 
 Mobile Test Automation (e.g. Perfecto Mobile, Appium) 
 Web Service Testing Tools (e.g. CA LISA, SoapUI, other WS tools) 
 Performance Testing Tools (e.g. Performance Center, Jmeter) 
 Relational Database Management (e.g. Oracle, SQL, MySQL) 
 Defect Management (e.g. HP Quality Center) 
 Source Code Management Tools (e.g. Git, TFS, RTC) 
 IDE (e.g. Eclipse, Visual Studio, Xcode, Android Studio) 
 Continuous Integration tools (e.g. Jenkins, Hudson other) 
Preferred Qualifications: 
 Published and presented technical articles/papers in conferences, journals etc 
 Experience with implementing automation in conjunction with Artificial Intelligence. 
 Experience with Security testing. 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. 
 As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. 
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Home Care Worker jobs in Northbrook, IL Jobs at Allstate in Northbrook, IL Home Care Worker salaries in Northbrook, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,225 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
