
 
 
 
 Software Engineer in Test - Virginia - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer in Test Interos, Inc. Virginia Remote Interos is the operational resilience company — reinventing how companies manage their supply chains and business relationships — through a breakthrough SaaS platform that uses artificial intelligence to model and transform the ecosystems of complex businesses into a living global map, down to any single supplier, anywhere.
 
Reducing months of backward-looking manual spreadsheet inputs to instant visualizations with continuous monitoring, the Interos platform helps the world's companies reduce risk, avoid disruptions, and achieve dramatically superior resilience. Businesses can uncover game-changing opportunities that radically change the way they see, learn and profit from their relationships.
 
Based in Washington, DC, Interos serves global clients with business-critical, interdependent relationships. The fast-growing private company is led by CEO Jennifer Bisceglie and supported by investors Venrock and Kleiner Perkins. For more information, visit www.interos.ai .
 
 The opportunity:  Since we are #1 in the domain, you have lots of opportunity to shape the technology. You are able to influence every aspect of the product development and the software release cycle. From data analysis, API design, UI presentation and production management, you are able to learn, grow and contribute to the overall success of the service.
 
We are looking for a strong software engineer with great passion in QA to build applications from group up. We need someone who can work independently but can communicate clearly and knows when to ask questions and when to challenge assumptions. For this position we are looking for an engineer with experience optimizing code, data structures, algorithms and parsing. Experience with performance testing is a plus.
 
 Essential Functions/duties: 
Build and maintain performance framework from scratch
 
Build and maintain test automation framework for APIs, data pipelines and internal tools by using Python
 
Scope out test coverage for new features
 
Navigate through ambiguity, prioritize conflicting asks based on risks and have the ability to adapt to a fluid environment
 
Actively participate in design/technical reviews to identify missing, incomplete or inaccurate design assumptions or design choices.
 
Collaborate with the quality engineering team to adopt test automation best practices
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Minimum years of relevant experience:  0
 
 Required education level:  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science
 
Strong design and development skills in Python
 
Eligibility to obtain a security clearance is preferred
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience building automation frameworks from scratch using Selenium
 
Experience testing web-based applications
 
Experience working with big data and AWS infrastructure
 
Experience with performance testing
 
BENEFITS
 
Comprehensive Health & Wellness package (Medical, Dental and Vision)
 
10 Paid Holiday Days Off
 
Accrued Paid Time Off (PTO)
 
401(k) Employer Matching
 
Stock Options
 
Career advancement opportunities
 
Casual Dress
 
On-site gym and dedicated Peloton room at headquarters
 
Company Events (Sports Games, Fitness Competitions, Birthday Celebrations, Contests, Happy Hours)
 
Annual company party
 
Employee Referral Program
 
Interos is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other classification protected by law.
 
If you are a candidate in need of assistance or an accommodation in the application process, please contact HR@interos.ai Interos, Inc. 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Test Engineer jobs in Virginia Jobs at Interos in Virginia Software Test Engineer salaries in Virginia Company Info Follow Get job updates from Interos, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
