
 
 
 
 (Open Rank) Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of Computer Science - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search (Open Rank) Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor of Computer Science USC 894 reviews Los Angeles, CA USC 894 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description The Department of Computer Science (http://cs.usc.edu) at the USC Viterbi School of Engineering (https://viterbischool.usc.edu/) is searching for exceptional candidates for tenure-track positions in all areas of computer science, and at all levels of seniority, with particular emphasis on Assistant Professor positions in the areas of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Data Science. The USC Viterbi School is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty and welcomes applications from women, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Native Americans, veterans, and individuals with disabilities.
 
We expect all candidates to have a strong commitment to research, doctoral student mentoring, and teaching at the undergraduate and graduate levels. All applicants must have earned a doctorate in Computer Science or a closely related field by the date of appointment.
 
Applications must include a cover letter indicating the applicant’s area of specialization, a detailed curriculum vitae, a statement on current and future research directions, a teaching statement, and names of at least three professional references. Applicants are encouraged to include a succinct statement on fostering an environment of diversity and inclusion. Applications submitted by January 15, 2021 will be given full consideration; applications received after this deadline might not be considered.
 
The USC Viterbi School of Engineering is among the top tier engineering schools in the world. It counts 191 full-time, tenure-track faculty members, and it is home to the Information Sciences Institute, two National Science Foundation Engineering Research Centers, a Department of Energy EFRC (Energy Frontiers Research Center), and the Department of Homeland Security’s first University Center of Excellence, CREATE. The school is affiliated with the Alfred E. Mann Institute for Biomedical Engineering, the Institute for Creative Technologies and the USC Stevens Center for Innovation. Research expenditures typically exceed $200 million annually. With 39 tenure-track, 29 research faculty, and 18 teaching faculty, the USC Department of Computer Science is one of the nation’s leading centers of research and education in the field. USC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at USC in Los Angeles, CA Associate Professor salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from USC USC 894 reviews We’re looking for exceptional individuals to help us fulfill our mission: Developing individuals and society as a whole through the culti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
