
 
 
 
 Technical Lead, Pixel Mobile Wireless - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Lead, Pixel Mobile Wireless Google 3,871 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
10 years of professional software development experience or 8 years with an advanced degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or Engineering. 
 10 years of experience in connectivity, telecommunication systems, radio frequency, and wireless communications technologies. 
 Experience in technical leadership, including leading project teams and setting technical direction. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Working knowledge of networking, telephony, modem, LTE, 3GPP, and related technologies. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of consumer electronics architecture and system design methodologies. 
 Ability to communicate, collaborate, influence and lead across all levels of an organization. 
 Ability to make technical judgment and quickly build technical consensus. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
The Pixel Mobile Wireless team is building the innovative mobile wireless system for the Pixel product family. Our mission is to build the stable, reliable, low-latency and high throughput mobile wireless communication and connectivity system with innovative technologies on Google products. You are a passionate engineering lead who is bold and will challenge the status quo. In this role, you will collaborate with and lead exceptional communication experts in the field. As an engineering lead, you will build and lead an impactful team in a startup environment to address the toughest problems in communication and connectivity. 
Responsibilities 
 Work with cross-functional teams on the innovation of next generation communication services. 
 Build and lead a nimble and impactful engineering team to explore communication inventions. 
 Navigate high level technical challenges and manage risks alongside technical leadership teams. 
 Identify technical debts and propose long term development plans for the team. 
 Promote collaboration across various engineering and product teams. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Lead jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Technical Lead salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
