
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Hardware Architect - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Hardware Architect Fathom Radiant Boulder, CO Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About us 
Fathom Radiant is building computer hardware to train neural networks at the human brain-scale and beyond. By combining the complementary strengths of optics and electronics, we have developed a revolutionary interconnect fabric that enables a flexible machine with the network capacity of a supercomputer and unprecedented scalability. 
 
 Our founding team has previously founded startups with more than $500 million in exits. We are well-funded from investors including Khosla Ventures, Jeff Bezos, and many others. 
Our mission 
Fathom was founded using first-principles thinking to build hardware that can enable artificial general intelligence. We don't consider beneficial advancement inevitable and believe that we can make the difference in how and when safe machine intelligence is developed. 
As a public benefit corporation, we are bound by our charter to help mitigate the risks that such technology creates and ensure that its benefits are shared by all. To pursue these goals we have chosen to establish an independent ethics board, collaborate with other groups focused on beneficial AI, and investigate policy mechanisms for the differential advancement of AI alignment research. 
Our values 
In our people, we above all value kindness, a scout mindset, a focus on improvement, and prioritising to get the right things done. 
 
 We aim to build one of the most potentially transformative technologies in the world, with massive social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we are actively striving to have a range of diverse perspectives on our team. 
 
 Help us build the future of beneficial AI. 
 
 This role 
We’re seeking a machine learning hardware architect with strong first principles approach to computer architecture and microarchitectural design. You will collaborate closely with colleagues from other disciplines (e.g. machine learning, optics) to contribute to design and implementation of novel optoelectronic hardware. 
 Areas of contribution
 Contribute to all aspects of hardware architecture and micro-architecture design for Fathom's massively parallel computing system 
Drive HW/SW co-design of Fathom's computing hardware, contributing to IC design/implementation/validation, and working with SW to build accurate simulations 
Monitor the latest developments in machine learning research and adapt Fathom's architecture to new developments 
Analyze and model the performance of state-of-the-art deep learning models on Fathom's hardware and identify areas for improvement 
Contribute to cross disciplinary optimization considering aspects from ML algorithms to physical implementation 
 Requirements for this role 
MS or PhD in computer science, electrical engineering, or equivalent knowledge.
 Minimum 5 years of relevant experience, including experience in massively parallel and distributed computing systems
 Expert level understanding of computer architecture concepts and parallel computing systems 
Deep understanding of deep learning fundamentals, and ML accelerators 
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills 
 Nice-to-haves 
Significant academic or industry experience in computer architecture and implementation of machine learning hardware accelerators 
Familiarity with ASIC design flow including physical design, tape-out, and testing of VLSI ICs
 Experience in atypical architectures is welcome 
 You'll do well here if.... 
You're motivated to build something that hasn’t been built before 
You're kind, enjoy thoughtful discussions fueled by problem-solving and logic, and care about our mission to positively influence the trajectory of artificial intelligence 
You find large challenges exciting and enjoy discovering and defining problems as much as solving them. 
You deliver. You may enjoy thoughtful conversations about problems and perfecting designs, but in the end, you know that what matters is delivering a manufacturable solution that works every time. 
You are a cross-disciplinary team member. You are excited to work with and learn from software, mechanical, electrical, and optics engineers. You are comfortable communicating across teams. 
 Indicative salary range for this role: $100,000 - $170,000 
For all roles, we target market salaries, with an additional benefits package. Our comprehensive benefits include startup equity, medical expenses coverage (including extra coverage for employees with a family). 
We highly encourage submission of a brief cover letter, just tell us why you're here (using the form when you submit an application). Fathom Radiant 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at Fathom Radiant in Boulder, CO Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fathom Radiant Fathom was founded using first-principles thinking to build hardware that can enable artificial general intelligence. By combining the co... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
