
 
 
 
 WPF UWP Developer - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search WPF UWP Developer Capgemini 8,255 reviews San Diego, CA Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
To shine in this role, you have around 4-7 years of experience working with Win32 and/or UWP development. 
You pair this with a robust knowledge of C# development, combined with other OO languages, such as Java. 
You re passionate about continually embracing new tools and technologies. 
You code with the mindset of not just ?does it work, but how can we make it work BETTER 
You are passionate about writing clean, beautiful code. To ensure beautiful code, you appreciate the power of Test Driven Development (TDD)/ writing unit tests. 
Requirements : 
If youve had exposure to Prism, this is a plus, but not required. 
Knowledge of iOS and Android development is also a plus. 
A passion for gaming, either via professional experience, or as a hobby, is a plus. 
This is a collaborative team who loves to develop beautiful products together were looking for a strong team player with strong communication skills who loves to develop collaboratively, and is looking for a great team of developers as excited about technology as you are. 
You have substantial work experience in an Agile development environment 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Capgemini in San Diego, CA Developer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
