
 
 
 
 Computer Vision Scientist / Engineer (CVPR 2021) - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Vision Scientist / Engineer (CVPR 2021) Apple 10,251 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 15, 2021 
Role Number: 200257290 
Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Combining groundbreaking machine learning techniques with next-generation hardware, our teams take user experiences to the next level.
We are looking for computer vision and machine learning scientists and engineers to join our teams in Santa Clara Valley, Seattle, Pittsburgh, Boston, Beijing, and Cambridge (UK).
This posting is for attendees of the CVPR 2021 conference who are interested in full-time positions at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Expertise in at least one area of computer vision, machine learning, and computer graphics (e.g., deep convolutional neural networks, object detection, tracking, segmentation, AR/VR, image and video processing, 3D geometry, SLAM, multi-view geometry, simulation, graphics rendering) 
Knowledge of common ML frameworks 
A passion for making ML methods robust and scalable 
Strong programming skills with proven experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions 
Ability to explain and present analyses and machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience 
Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, innovation, and respect for user privacy 
Creative, collaborative, and innovation focused 
Description 
At Apple, you will use your deep understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence to tackle meaningful technical problems, collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world, and transfer your ideas into solutions in the next generation of Apple products. You will perform fundamental research by defining, designing, implementing and evaluating algorithms involving unrivaled data and objectives. You will also actively engage with the academic community by collaborating with universities, publishing and presenting your work, and attending conferences. 
Education & Experience 
PhD, MS, or BS in Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related fields. Apple 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
