
 
 
 
 Principal Software Engineer, Jetson Embedded Platform - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Software Engineer, Jetson Embedded Platform NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a versatile Principle Software Engineer / Architect for the Jetson Embedded Platform team.
 This is an outstanding opportunity to accelerate the pace of Jetson embedded systems development within NVIDIA. Using your expansive knowledge of embedded platforms, operating systems, and software architectures, you will work with a world-wide development team to tackle the unique challenges of delivering the world's most powerful platform for crafting solutions for AI at-the-edge. Have you designed Linux-based embedded products through full product lifecycles and have a passion for hands-on building of innovative products? If so, this position is for you!
 What you'll be doing:
 As a member of the Jetson software team you will define and expose the capabilities of Jetson and bring the latest generations of the world's leading AI at-the-edge platform to life. Your success will depend upon a deep understanding of embedded platform software for sophisticated system-on-module designs, and your ability to contribute broadly from hardware platform analysis through boot firmware to the Linux kernel and operating system, including the specialized software SDKs that power the Jetson platform, from hardware bring-up through the full product lifecycle.
 This position offers you the opportunity to lead and collaborate within a worldwide matrixed software development team, and have broad impact within our highly-dynamic and technology-focused company. Responsibilities include:
 Collaborating with hardware and product design teams to design and develop system-level software architectures for complex system-on-module embedded platform designs.
 Analyzing and optimizing existing platform software architectures
 Design, code review and implementation of software across the full stack, from boot firmware to Linux kernel, device drivers, to niche hardware acceleration units for deep learning and computer vision.
 Designing, implementing and enhancing system services to ensure scalability, reliability, efficiency and security.
 Resolving complex system-level optimization and resource utilization challenges.
 Participating in a product development lifecycle that values high-standards for clear requirements, software quality and performance.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelors (or equivalent experience) of Science or Master’s degree with 10+ years of proven experience in Linux and complex embedded systems development.
 15+ years of industry experience.
 Responsibility for developing and sustaining commercially-available embedded products through a full product life cycle.
 Excellent technical teamwork skills, ability to lead across teams.
 Enthusiasm for extending your technical knowledge into new areas
 Strong analytical skills and proven success in problem-solving and achieving performance objectives.
 Hands-on - you actively develop high-quality software and are eager to mentor others, you devour technical specs for breakfast.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Contributions to open-source software projects, experience as a Linux contributor or maintainer.
 Deep understanding of security principles, ability to analyze products and architectures to develop security assessments.
 Experience with embedded microprocessor architectures such as Arm Cortex-R, RISC-V.
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence. If you are creative and passionate about developing cloud services, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and passionate about developing cloud services we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Principal Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
