
 
 
 
 Neuroradiologist - Jacksonville, FL 32099 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Neuroradiologist Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32099 Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Jacksonville 
State 
Florida 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Radiology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Join the authority in medicine and partner with the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report 2020-2021), ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. At Mayo Clinic, we believe there is a better path to healing that humanizes the practice of health care and inspires hope in the people who need it most. You will be part of an amazing diverse team committed to solving the most serious and complex medical challenges - one patient at a time.
 Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits . Eligibility may vary. 
Position description 
The department of Radiology at Mayo Clinic Florida is seeking a fellowship-trained academic neuroradiologist to join a team of 12 CAQ certified neuroradiology consultants. This is a full-time position for an academically ambitious candidate with strong diagnostic skills in all facets of neurological imaging including MR, CT, and US. Additional experience with advanced applications of MR, ultra-high field MR (7T), quantitative image processing and informatics is preferred. The Neuroradiology Division closely supports colleagues in Neurology, Neurosurgery, ENT and Orthopedic surgery. Multidisciplinary conferences, education and research programs in Neurosurgery, Epilepsy, Head/Neck and Spine are an integral part of the neuroradiology service. The candidate will be expected to perform routine image-guided procedures and actively participate in education and research. 
Mayo Clinic Florida is one of the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report 2017-2018), ranked #1 in more specialties than any other health system. The radiology department is home to cutting edge diagnostic and research infrastructure including a clinical 7T MR, cyclotron, and artificial intelligence lab. Practicing at Mayo Clinic provides a rewarding career that supports and promotes excellence in patient-centered care, translational research, and mentorship for young faculty. You can thrive in an environment that promotes innovation by providing a wealth of resources- including an integrated EMR, international patient referral and collaboration with top clinical and radiology specialists. The neuroradiology division publishes over 40 peer-reviewed research papers every year. 
License or certification 
Radiology board-certification and neuroradiology CAQ eligibility are required. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer! 
Category 
Physicians & Scientists 
Career profile 
Physician Radiology 
Specialty 
Radiology 
Job posting number 
154876BR 
Recruiter 
Marissa Tarara 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Radiologist jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL Radiologist salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
