
 
 
 
 System Test Engineer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Test Engineer NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking to hire a  System Test Engineer.  The position requires a strong background in HW and SW to architect and develop manufacturing test solutions for system products at NVIDIA.
 NVIDIA is leading the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up new universes to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for phenomenal people like you to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence.
 What you'll be doing:
 Define and implement manufacturing test solutions for Automotive and Data Center products.
 Investigate and introduce new manufacturing test technology and methodology to enhance production efficiency.
 Develop test strategy for new product features including identification, specification, design and qualification of test fixtures, test equipment and diagnostic software.
 Provide onsite CM support for builds as needed.
 Review and provide feedback for DFT in early design stages.
 Debug complex hardware and software issues during build phases.
 Build automated diag generation and validation infrastructure.
 What we need to see:
 5 + years experience with post silicon validation experience in Board or System products.
 BS Degree or equivalent experience
 Familiarity with manufacturing, chip to system.
 Python programming and bash scripting experience.
 Excellent communication skills.
 Experience designing and qualifying test fixtures/testers.
 With competitive salaries and a generous benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us and, due to unprecedented growth, our elite engineering teams are rapidly growing. If you're a creative and autonomous engineer with a real passion for technology, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Systems Test Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Systems Test Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
