
 
 
 
 Security Tech Lead - Hanover, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Security Tech Lead Capgemini Hanover, NJ Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Oauth2.0 Client Credentials, Authorization grant etc. 
JWT /JWE 
SSO/SAML 
iSSL Process 
Certificates 
Cryptography - 
Hashing, Hashing Algorithms 
HTTP Protocols 
Network Infrastructure 
WAF/Akamai 
DNS/ Datacenter exposure 
CISSP or CompTIA+ or relevant Certification. This is preferable if they need to be able to understand our issues solve our problems right away. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 16 days ago original job Report job Technical Lead jobs in Hanover, NJ Jobs at Capgemini in Hanover, NJ Technical Lead salaries in Hanover, NJ Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
