
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Researcher - Silver Spring, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Researcher 3M 4,379 reviews Silver Spring, MD 3M 4,379 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description:
 Machine Learning Researcher 
 
 Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World
 Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 93,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.
 Are you a creative and thoughtful researcher? Do you want to apply your skills to make a meaningful impact on the world? Join our team of international researchers and engineers to help improve patient care and clinical workflows by advancing our computer assisted coding technology.
 We are looking for candidates who are familiar with the research methodologies - devising, implementing, and evaluating algorithms – who show passion for learning new technologies and improving the state of healthcare IT. We are actively recruiting researchers who will work with our team to develop cutting edge technology to solve problems in the fields of Natural Language Processing, Natural Language Understanding, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence.
 “3M’s culture is driven by curious, spirited and collaborative people who are constantly asking ‘What if?’ And the many talents of 3Mers around the globe have me incredibly excited about what’s to come next.” – Kristen Ludgate, senior vice president of Human Resources at 3M
 This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career. 
 
 The Impact You’ll Make in this Role
 As a Machine Learning Scientist, you will have the opportunity to tap into your curiosity and collaborate with some of the most innovative and diverse people around the world. Here, you will make an impact by:
 Critical thinking and development of solutions for machine learning (ML) and/or natural language (NL) applications.
 Developing and/or applying statistical modeling techniques; in particular, deep learning, optimization, and other ML techniques to different applications in business and engineering.
 Researching and implementing novel ML and statistical approaches to add value to the business.
 Identifying problems in healthcare that can benefit from the latest advancements in ML.
 Breaking down complex problems into approachable stages and bringing concepts to production.
 Your Skills and Expertise
 To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M requires (at a minimum) the following qualifications:
 Master’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution
 Three (3) years experience programming in languages such as Python or Java
 Three (3) years experience with Machine Learning in academia or industry
 Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
 PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, or related fields.
 Five (5) combined years of academic and industrial research experience.
 Solid software development experience and problem-solving skills.
 Hands on experience with deep learning toolkits and frameworks like PyTorch or TensorFlow.
 Publications at top-tier peer-reviewed conferences or journals.
 Travel: Occasional travel may be required
 Relocation Assistance: May be authorized
 Location: Silver Spring, MD, Pittsburgh, PA, St. Paul, MN, Salt Lake City, UT, Austin, TX
 Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).
 Supporting Your Well-being
 3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
 Resources for You
 For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.
 Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.
 Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.
 3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
 Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
 3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement 
 
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms. 3M 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Silver Spring, MD Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Silver Spring, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from 3M 3M 4,379 reviews 3M is a global science company that never stops inventing. Using 46 technology platforms, our integrated team of scientists and researche... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
