
 
 
 
 Manager of Applied Science - Product Knowledge Classification AI - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager of Applied Science - Product Knowledge Classification AI Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Master's degree in Research, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or a closely related field. 
 5+ years related work experience in areas such as data analytics, data modeling, machine learning, search, classification or personalization problems. 
 3+ years of direct people management experience including duties such as performance evaluation and career development. 
 At least 5 years of experience in building large-scale machine learning and AI solutions at scale. 
 Knowledge of machine learning techniques and key parameters that affect their performance, statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc. 
 Experience in Big Data technologies such as: AWS, Hadoop, Spark. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 
The Amazon Product Knowledge Classification team is seeking an Applied Science Manager for leading initiatives for understanding and classifying all the products in the world. Our vision is simple: build AI systems that are capable of a deep product understanding, so we can organize and merchandise products across the Amazon e-commerce catalog worldwide. You will lead a team of experienced Applied Scientists to create models and deliver them into the Amazon production ecosystem. Your efforts will build a robust ensemble of ML techniques that can drive classification of products with a high precision and scale to new countries and languages.
 
The leader will drive investments in cutting edge machine learning: natural language processing, computer vision and artificial intelligence techniques to solve real world problems at scale. We develop Deep Neural Networks as our your daily job and use the team's output to affect the product discovery of the biggest e-tailer in the world. The research findings are directly related to Amazon’s Browse experience and impact million of customers. The team builds solutions ranging from automatic detection of misclassified product information in the ever growing Amazon Catalog, applications for analyzing books and identify its genre, ingest images, text and all the unstructured attributes in the Amazon catalog to drive true understanding of products at scale.
 
We are looking for an amazing Applied Science Manager who can turn a group of Machine Learning Scientists (PhD's in NLP, CV) to produce best in class solutions. The ideal candidate has deep expertise in one or several of the following fields: Web search, Applied/Theoretical Machine Learning, Deep Neural Networks, Classification Systems, Clustering, Label Propagation, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision. S/he has a strong publication record at top relevant academic venues and experience in launching products/features in the industry.
 
 In this team, you will: 
 
 Manage business and technical requirements, design, be responsible for the overall coordination, quality, productivity and will be the primary point of contact for world-wide stakeholders of programs and goals that you lead. 
 Partner with scientists, economists, and engineers to help deliver scalable ML scaled models, while building mechanisms to help our customers gain and apply insights, and build road maps for the projects you own. 
 Track service levels and schedule adherence, and ensure the individual stakeholder teams meet and exceed their performance targets. 
 Be expected to discover, define, and apply scientific, engineering, and business best practices. 
 PhD with specialization in natural language processing and/or information retrieval and search with at least 10 years of related work experience. 
 At least 6 years of professional management experience, proven track record of managing science teams, and hiring and developing top talent. 
 Proven track record of innovation and advancing the state of the art (ideally in building classification models at scale). 
 Entrepreneurial spirit combined with strong architectural and problem solving skills. 
 Serves in senior roles at internal and top academic conferences 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation Amazon.com 27 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Knowledge Manager jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Knowledge Manager salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
