
 
 
 
 Business Development Representative (REMOTE) - Oakland, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Representative (REMOTE) Customer Lobby 18 reviews Oakland, CA Remote Customer Lobby 18 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 50% of small businesses fail within five years. When small businesses fail so do the families, workers, and communities that support them. We are on a mission to change that! Want to join us? Read on…
 Customer Lobby is looking for an ambitious and talented individual who wants to start their sales career in a high-energy, competitive work environment. As a  Business Development Representative (BDR)  , you will have the opportunity to help small businesses succeed and directly impact the growth of our business. You will be responsible for making phone calls to service businesses to discover, nurture, and qualify new business opportunities. Once you have gone through the process of qualifying, you will then schedule a demonstration with an Account Executive. Candidates that thrive in this role are fearless, focused, strong communicators, and love to win. This role is a great stepping stone for someone looking to become an Account Executive.
 Us:
 
At Customer Lobby, an EverCommerce company, we provide the leading automated customer communication SaaS product focused on small businesses. Our automated retention & marketing software analyzes our clients’ data, uses artificial intelligence to predict customers who will need service soon, and reaches out to their customers with personalized postcards and emails. We are seeing explosive success in a market that technology has often left behind, and feel proud to be helping services businesses grow.
 To be successful in this role you’ll:
 Reach out to small businesses to introduce them to Customer Lobby, qualify and schedule them for a demo with our product experts
 Manage a high volume of calls and work to build a steady stream of new business
 Use your organizational skills and strong work ethic to consistently follow up on all assigned activities and maintain a successful pipeline
 Have a hunter mentality to source and qualify leads, reach out to the right contacts
 Be hungry to learn and perfect your sales craft (professional development is a top priority)
 Be fearless when picking up the phone and talking to prospective customers.
 What you bring:
 Drive: You’re not afraid to jump on the phone and crush cold calls for breakfast
 At least one year of sales or customer service experience is ideal
 Comfort communicating at all levels within an organization from gatekeeper to CEO
 Superior organization & time management skills
 Highly motivated and target driven with a passion for results
 Highly competitive (It kills you when you are not top on the board)
 Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience
 Perks  :
 Base salary plus uncapped commissions
 Monthly contests with great prizes
 18 paid days off
 1 day of PTO annually to volunteer at your chosen non-profit
 Free catered lunch every Friday
 Kitchen stocked with snacks and drinks
 Monthly company paid activities (i.e. happy hour, parties, etc.)
 Prime location in downtown Oakland (Walking distance from BART and some of the best restaurants in the city)
 Ping pong table & video games (If you can handle the heat…)
 Company-wide trainings and professional development
 EverCommerce is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We look forward to reviewing your credentials and getting to know more about your experience! EverCommerce 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Representative jobs in Oakland, CA Jobs at Customer Lobby in Oakland, CA Business Development Representative salaries in Oakland, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Customer Lobby 18 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
