
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Siri Health Domains Engineer, Siri Experience - Pittsburgh, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Siri Health Domains Engineer, Siri Experience Apple 10,251 reviews Pittsburgh, PA Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Feb 2, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200218321 
You can be a part of the next revolution in human-computer interaction and voice computing. Help establish the coding and engineering patterns that will define the next generation in application development. We build groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence, machine learning and voice computing. Help us craft a smarter, safer way to use your iPhone in your car, call up your favorite movie on AppleTV, and help people with disabilities access technology. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the Siri team at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
5+ years of experience in full-stack, product-focused engineering 
Experience building Software Development Frameworks
A high level of excitement / deep interest in voice computing
Strong object-oriented programming and design skills
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and interpersonal skills'
Experience integrating data and services from multiple providers
Strong API design knowledge 
Description 
The Siri Health team is looking for extraordinary individuals to expand the role Siri plays in helping our users to live healthy, independent lives. We are seeking someone who can collaborate with other specialists to extend Siri’s capabilities. You should enjoy working in a rapidly changing environment with rapidly changing priorities, have a thirst for using new technologies to solve real problems, and an eagerness to improve the state of intelligent assistants.
Are you ready to help create the future of voice computing? 
Education & Experience 
BS in Computer Science or equivalent. MS preferred 
Additional Requirements 
Bonus points for the following: 
Experience with natural language processing, static analysis techniques, and code-generation 
Prior experience in Health related fields 
Prior experience with iOS application programming Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Pittsburgh, PA Jobs at Apple in Pittsburgh, PA Engineer salaries in Pittsburgh, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
