
 
 
 
 SAP GTS Consultant - Franklin Lakes, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP GTS Consultant Capgemini 8,255 reviews Franklin Lakes, NJ Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration : 6+ months 
Requirements: 
SAP GTS functional Consultant (over 4 - 7 years Core GTS work experience), including 1 full life cycle implementation experience 
Acting as a functional Consultant in implementation/upgrade of Global Trade solutions for major integration and migration projects using GTS 11.0 with ECC 6.0. 
Knowledge and expertise in the configuration and use of the SAP GTS sub modules of Compliance, Customs and Risk Management 
Experience in configuring GTS Compliance for multiple legal regulations and GTS Customs for multiple HTS schemes and customs regulations. Familiarity with GTS Compliance checks for Sanctioned Parties Lists, Embargoed countries and export license determination. 
Knowledge and experience with implementing US AES filing using GTS 
Knowledge and experience with implementing FTZ(Foreign trade zone ) 
Knowledge and experience with the GTS Customs Declaration document and associated forms 
Experience with GTS ECR is preferred 
Experience with GTS Letter of Credit is preferred, but not required 
Knowledge of the key integration points between ECC and GTS 
Knowledge and expertise in understanding the SAP Sales and Distribution 
Experience to include work on cross-functional teams tasked with implementing system changes as per user requirements. 
Experience in working with BI reports. 
Experience in participating and supporting integration testing cycle and ability to drive defect resolution for any problem identified 
Delivery and support end user training 
The candidate should possess excellent communication skills and be an effective team player in a global company. 
The candidate will be required to work on their own with multiple teams and develop solutions to meet all parties requirements 
Understand the projects business requirements and timelines and have the ability to drive closure of design issues to meet the projects go live dates 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job SAP Consultant jobs in Franklin Lakes, NJ Jobs at Capgemini in Franklin Lakes, NJ SAP Consultant salaries in Franklin Lakes, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
