
 
 
 
 AI/ML Developer - Lexington, KY 40511 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications AI/ML Developer Lexmark International, Inc. Lexington, KY 40511 Lexmark creates innovative imaging solutions and technologies that help customers worldwide print, secure, and manage information with ease, efficiency and unmatched value. Combining innovative technologies with deep industry expertise, Lexmark simplifies the complex intersection of digital and printed information in retail, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, education, government and more. Lexmark operates in over 170 countries. 
The Lexmark Ventures division is chartered with leveraging Lexmark technologies, competencies, and relationships to establish non-traditional Lexmark growth, revenues, and contribution. 
The AI/ML Developer will develop advanced AI, neural network, machine learning, data analytics, and optimization algorithms and applies them to create new intelligent devices, solutions and services, with prominent emphasis on vision-based problems. Fluent in convolutional neural network architectures and toolkits. Capable of building novel neural networks or using existing networks and optimizing to meet customer demands. Proficient in python and C++ development, and experienced building Vision Based AI applications (object detection, classification, tracking, segmentation, etc). Creates and maintains complex datasets and tools for annotating and training new AI models. Conversant in training of neural networks for temporal based problems (detecting human behaviors, etc). Builds AI applications for deployment on embedded systems or in the cloud, depending on customer need. 
Key Qualifications: 
 BS,MS in Computer Science or demonstrated substantial expertise in machine learning a plus 
 Practical background building vision-based machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI/ML) solutions 
 Ability to build and train custom neural networks 
Preferred Skills: 
 Python and C++ coding 
 AI/ML model creation (CNN) 
 Data set training and management 
 Data Analytics 
 Algorithm development skills 
 Image sensors and optics a plus Relocation assistance is provided for this position Lexmark International, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Developer jobs in Lexington, KY Jobs at Lexmark International in Lexington, KY Developer salaries in Lexington, KY Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
