
 
 
 
 Director, Architecture - Westlake, TX 76262 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Architecture Fidelity Investments 3,944 reviews Westlake, TX 76262 Fidelity Investments 3,944 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
At Fidelity Personal Investing, we’re growing very fast and looking for an accomplished Solution Architect. In this role, you will be working with product managers mapping business capabilities to actual technology solutions. You will use your knowledge and leadership related to sound software engineering and cloud computing to design solutions, build references that prove designs, and deliver proven solutions to market. You will help drive awareness of our solutions within and across multiple Business Units and organizations. Your enthusiasm, technical and business depth, leadership influence, and excellent presentation skills will help decision makers understand the benefits of Architectural Solutions to drive growth and customer success. 
The Team 
Fidelity Personal Investing (PI) architects provide direction and implementation to the experiences that enable our Retail customers to be financially successful. Architects engage with product managers, DEVOPS engineering teams, and PI platform engineering. Your work, as part of an architecture chapter, enables functionality developed throughout the firm to reach these customers and craft the high-value interactions that will keep them coming back. As part of the team you will be able to impact the speed, efficacy, and scale of the technical solutions that will serve these customers through forward-looking architectural designs as well as hands-on implementation. 
The Expertise You Have 
6+ years’ experience engineering/developing web enabled applications and some combination of the following: 
Proven track record as a Solution Architect or Technical Lead, crafting new solutions 
Certification in Cloud-based (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.) Architecture 
Experience with Agile development methodology 
Background with multiple enterprise technologies 
Experience with Micro-Service Architecture & SOA 
Exposure to front-end UI technologies 
Working knowledge in all aspects of technical architecture (operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, cost optimization) 
Experience in all aspects of cloud computing (infrastructure, storage, platforms and data) 
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C++, JavaScript. 
Working knowledge of continuous integration/deployment 
Experience with serverless architecture, design, and implementation. 
Heightened awareness, experience or passion for Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
The Skills You Bring 
Your ability to work in a dynamic, highly matrix environment to achieve group goals. 
Your dream and aptitude for learning new technologies. 
Your previous experience using business requirements to develop technical designs and define architectural strategies and solutions. 
Your coding to deliver polyglot solutions that delight our customers. 
Your willingness to partner effectively with your technology business partners. 
Your dedication to sharing knowledge and providing mentorship to less-expert developers in their work. 
Your communication and presentation skills that educate and inform technical and non-technical audiences. 
The Value You Deliver 
Driving target architecture for various solutions in PI 
Developing reference prototypes that prove architecture principles 
Spearheading solutions in an MVP, iterative approach 
Working with multiple squads using Agile/Scrum methodologies 
Providing technical expertise as requested by members of various scrum teams 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Westlake, TX Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Westlake, TX Director salaries in Westlake, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 3,944 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
