
 
 
 
 Data Developer - Bellefonte, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Developer Mount Nittany Health Bellefonte, PA Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why Mount Nittany Health?:
 
At Mount Nittany Health, we provide high-quality patient care with a unique combination of the latest in clinical technology and compassionate medical professionals. We are committed to improving both the quality and availability of healthcare in our region and seek to hire only the best to support the communities we serve. 
Overview:
 
The Data Developer is primarily responsible for the organization, alignment, and standardization for reporting and analysis of data from multiple sources, including the design, delivery, and maintenance of the data universe structure. This includes working with the business on terminologies and definitions, data examples, relationships and governance rules. Provides a critical link between the enterprise data warehouse and the analysts. Provides support to analysts and other staff in the creation of meaningful and intuitive “business layer” solutions. Co-develops or develops dashboards, reports, data files, enterprise data warehouse support, and related deliverables, as necessary. Participates in maintenance and support of associated software. The position requires direct interaction with internal Information Services resources, external consultants, and stakeholders across the health system. 
Qualifications:
 
Education: 
Bachelor’s degree in health management, business, statistics, data science, computer science/engineering, or related discipline. May have an equivalent combination of education and/or experience in lieu of specific education. 
Experience: 
Prefer at least five years’ experience with data manipulation and visualization, research methodology, applied statistics, and/or business intelligence solutions. 
Experience with (or working directly with those who perform) business and clinical operations with demonstrated ability to listen to and understand end-user requirements. 
Experience with (or working directly with those who perform) computer programming, database management. 
Experience using SQL queries to retrieve and manipulate data from large or complex database structures preferred 
Experience with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning applications using Python, R, or Java preferred. 
Experience with data lakes preferred. 
Experience with Azure cloud service preferred. 
Prior health care industry experience preferred. 
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
 Knowledge of SQL. 
Knowledge of Python, R, or Java. 
Knowledge of one or more of the following preferred: applied statistics; data science; data visualization. 
Knowledge of business intelligence solutions and dashboard development preferred. 
Strong active listening skills. 
Ability to take initiative and apply effective project management skills. 
Ability to work independently. 
Conducts business in a professional and cordial manner that upholds the integrity and reputation of Mount Nittany Health. Mount Nittany Health 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Warehouse Engineer jobs in Bellefonte, PA Jobs at Mount Nittany Health in Bellefonte, PA Data Warehouse Engineer salaries in Bellefonte, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mount Nittany Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
