
 
 
 
 Autonomy & AI Systems Software Architect - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomy & AI Systems Software Architect General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews San Diego, CA General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems. 
 
We have an exciting opportunity for an Autonomy & AI Systems Software Architect to join our Software Engineering department at GA-ASI in Poway, CA. The Autonomy and Artificial Intelligence Solutions Software group is charted to develop and deploy end-to-end autonomous systems that enable Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) to execute autonomous missions. 
 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Technical, Hands-On leader that will drive technical direction and system architecture of team’s autonomy and AI projects. 
Lead architecture, design, and development of autonomous flight, sensor planning, and control utilizing AI techniques. 
Optimize AI models and system solutions to meet edge-processing requirements. 
Research academic papers and translate research into implementable software solutions. 
Participate in and coordinate the establishment of design concepts, criteria, and engineering efforts for product research, development, testing, and integration. 
Interact with internal and external representatives at various levels concerning resolution of technical and scheduling issues. Act as primary contact for engineering activities. 
Ensure technical leadership and excellence is maintained by participating in the planning, attraction, selection, retention, and development of the required management, professional, and technical talent. 
Lead progress review sessions to discuss cost, schedule, and technical performance. 
Identify engineering issues and provide leadership in developing software solutions to meet customer requirements. 
Participate in the preparation of proposals, business plans, proposal work statements and specifications, operating budgets and financial terms/conditions of contract(s). 
Technical mentor to junior engineers. 
Responsible for ensuring all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations are observed wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company. 
Responsible for ensuring work is accomplished in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices. 
Other duties as assigned or required. 
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. 
 Job Qualifications: 
Typically requires a bachelor’s degree, master’s degree or PhD in computer science, or related discipline and progressive software development experience as follows; twelve or more years of experience with a bachelor’s degree, ten or more years of experience with a master’s degree, or seven or more years with a PhD. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education. 
Experience in developing fully autonomous systems and deployment. 
Experience in development and deploying Machine Learning/Deep Learning solutions. 
Experience in leading and building high performance and technical teams. 
Experience in developing and leading scalable software architectures from scratch. 
Experience in optimizing AI models to meet edge processing requirements. 
Strong coding skills in Java, Java Script, C/C++, Python 
Experience in AI frameworks such as Tensorflow and pyTorch. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Must be able to architect, design, and develop complex software. 
Technical expertise in the application of engineering principles, concepts, theory, and practice as well as project management and leadership skills including organizing, planning, scheduling, and coordinating workloads to meet established deadlines or milestones. 
Must possess the ability to resolve complex management and technical problems. 
Strong communication, leadership, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other departments, all levels of management, professional and support staff, customers, potential customers, and government representatives. 
Customer focused, must be able to work on a self-initiated basis and in a team environment, and able to work extended hours and travel as required. 
Must be a US Citizen 
Must have the ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Security Clearance. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in San Diego, CA Software Architect salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Atomics and Affiliated Companies General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of privately-held General Atomics, is a leading manufacturer of Unmanne... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
