
 
 
 
 Principal Software Engineer - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Software Engineer Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do High Performance Computing and Artificial Intelligence excite you? Do you love cutting edge technology in Cloud Computing? Do you like working in a fast-paced organization with rapid and huge business growth? If so, then the Microsoft Azure HPC team may be the place for you. 
Azure HPC team is seeking for strong and passionate Software Engineers to join the team and work on scaling Deep Learning workloads on large scale HPC systems.
 The ideal candidate will have a passion for new technology and understand what it takes to profile, optimize and scale workloads. In this position, you will work with strategic customers on gather requirements, explore hardware/software solutions, implement solutions and share your results with a variety of stakeholders. Along the way, you will have the opportunity to learn about state-of-the-art compute, interconnect and storage hardware.
 If technology, scale and HPC excites you - join us and help build the platform that will power the future of computing! 
To learn more about Azure High Performance Computing and products we are offering, please visit: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/high-performance-computing/ 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a motivated engineer who is passionate about Machine Learning, High Performance Computing and enabling customers to succeed. 
As a Principal Software Engineer your mission will be to help scale Deep Learning workloads on large scale HPC systems. You will help understand customer requirements, explore hardware/software solutions, apply tools for profiling storage, networking, and compute performance, and implement optimized solutions. You will be working in a highly collaborative team environment. 
The responsibilities will include (but will not be limited to): 
Performance profiling, optimization and scaling of DL workloads 
Identification of system bottlenecks (compute, storage, networking) 
Optimized implementations of software algorithms 
Evaluating hardware and software solutions 
Qualifications 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Required Qualifications:
 Masters degree in computer science or related areas
 8+ years of experience in software design and development
 3+ years of experience in Machine Learning 
3+ years of experience in HPC or Cloud Computing 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 PhD degree in computer science or related areas
 Experience in HPC Benchmarking, Performance Profiling, Optimization and Scaling workloads
 Experience with Deep Learning software stack (PyTorch, TensorFlow, CUDA)
 Familiarity with DL training and inference hardware
 Excellent communication skills
 Passion for problem-solving, and motivation for getting things done! 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Principal Software Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
