
 
 
 
 Program Manager, Channel Operations - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Manager, Channel Operations NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you a person who loves to work in a fast-paced and dynamic organization? Do you have a passion for Artificial Intelligence?
 At NVIDIA, our employees are passionate about parallel and visual computing. We're united in our quest to transform the way graphics are used to tackle some of the most complex problems in computer science. It started out as an engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Today, NVIDIA’s GPU simulates human intelligence, running deep learning algorithms and acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world.
 This is our life’s work — to amplify human imagination and intelligence. And we've only scratched the surface of what we can accomplish when we apply our technology to it. We need passionate, hard-working and creative people to help us take on some of these once-in-a-lifetime opportunities.
 As a key member of the NVIDIA Partner Network Team for NVIDIA's Enterprise business units, we are looking for a Channel Programs Analyst, professional in Santa Clara who will help to work through complex business opportunities across multiple functions improving the overall process/operations and increase the ease of doing business with NVIDIA through systems and processes.
 What you'll be doing:
 Searching for a strong business analyst, to help identify, improve, and build key business processes for the NVIDIA Partner Network Program. The individual will help to enable internal and external processes, making it easier to work for and/or to do business with NVIDIA.
 Work on issues of the highest complexity and strategic value where analysis of situation, data, and/or systems require evaluation of a variety of factors.
 Strong knowledge of business acumen and a demonstrated ability to drive & gather additional insights through quantitative and qualitative data, enhancing overall business intelligence.
 Participating in the full application life cycle (using company approved tools) from design to development, testing and deployment.
 What we need to see:
 8+ years of experience in a sales or support environment, with an emphasis on analytics, business intelligence, implementation, system support, maintenance and enhancement.
 Strong Familiarity with tools like Salesforce, Tableau, etc.
 Ability to communicate effectively with business users and translate business needs into technology solutions.
 Ability to successfully and effectively connect with all team members at any level.
 Experience in a sophisticated sales and channel environment, handling large, visible, demanding channel operations functions and partners.
 Enjoys working in a fast pace environment with multiple priorities.
 Bachelor’s degree supported by experience or equivalent experience.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 A Team Player.
 Passion for winning, a solid aptitude for business strategy, and excellent collaboration skills with a wide variety of internal team members.
 Self-starter, self-confident individual with integrity and accountability, highly motivated, driven, ambitious, and attracted to a meaningful opportunity.
 Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment where strong organizational skills are essential.
 Graphics, AI/deep learning, high performance computing, cloud datacenter, and/or edge computing development/deployment experience desirable.
 Consistent track record of handling multiple customers and customer programs across worldwide geographies and time zones.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Channel Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Channel Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
