
 
 
 
 Full Stack Software Engineer - Einstein Bots - Bellevue, WA 98004 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Software Engineer - Einstein Bots Salesforce 764 reviews Bellevue, WA 98004 Salesforce 764 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
 Job Category
 Products and Technology
 Job Details
 Einstein Bots is the solution to build conversational service experience in a declarative manner using the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies. The goal of Einstein Bots is to enable businesses to solve customer service issues through a combination of predefined business rules and artificial intelligence. Hundreds of global customers today are using Einstein Bots to improve their service efficiency, including Adidas, Hulu, DMV, DHL Germany, etc, and over 12 M conversations per month are automated using Einstein Bots, and this success rate is growing rapidly.
 
 
 We are growing rapidly, and are also revolutionizing the product from a simple chat bot solution to Salesforce AI Conversational Platform. So we are looking for like-minded individuals to help solve complex problems in this cutting edge space of Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning collaborating with various stakeholders from UX designers to data scientists. This is an opportunity to build a version-1 product from the ground-up in a fast-paced environment with various technologies in Frontend, Backend and Big data.
 
 
 You will have an opportunity to work with various stakeholders from UX to data scientists to build this product from the ground-up in a fast-paced environment with various technologies in Frontend, Backend and Big data.
 
 
 Required Skills  :
 Deep understanding of object-oriented design and programming concepts, and experience with Java.
 Good understanding in either frontend (web technologies, such as HTTP, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, DHTML, CSS, aura) or backend (  API development, API lifecycle management and/or client SDKs  ) client-server web platforms.
 Solid knowledge of SQL and understanding of relational databases.
 Experience building highly scalable customer facing web applications
 Experience building Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications.
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Sciences or equivalent field with 3+ years of relevant job experience as a software engineer. 
 
 Preferred Skills:
 Solid experience in API development, API lifecycle management and/or client SDKs development
 Familiarity with Data model design, database technologies (RDBMS & NoSQL), and languages such as SQL and PL/SQL
 Experience with machine learning or cloud technologies like AWS Sagemaker, terraform, spinnaker, EKS, GKE
 Experience with data engineering, data pipelines or distributed systems
 Experience with Agile development methodologies, pair programming, continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD)
 Ability to support/resolve production customer escalations with excellent debugging and problem solving skills
 Master's degree in Computer Sciences or equivalent field. 
 
 Your Impact  :
 Independently designs and delivers code for products and features.
 Provides oversight through code and design reviews for features delivered by other developers within their scrum team.
 Partners closely with Product and Design to evaluate and scrutinize requirements that have cross-team/cross-cloud impact.
 Actively influences management regarding tools, technology and testing requirements.
 May influence architecture, quality strategy, product, and process across clouds
 Conducts tool selection and/or modification.
 A subject matter expert for a technology or feature area
 Develop test plans and test automation for features and/or products
 Verifies quality of the code delivered through manual and automated testing. Extends the automation framework where necessary.
 Works closely with senior developers, Q3, PM, and UX to ensure their features are delivered to meet business and quality requirements
 Writes code for most areas of product.
 Troubleshoot production issues.
 Accommodations
 If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
 Posting Statement
 At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
 Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org .
 Salesforce welcomes all.
 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Salesforce 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Salesforce in Bellevue, WA Full Stack Developer salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Salesforce Salesforce 764 reviews Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
