
 
 
 
 Sr. Quantitative Finance Analyst - Charlotte, NC 28202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Quantitative Finance Analyst Global Risk 7 reviews Charlotte, NC 28202 Global Risk 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: Overview of Global Risk Analytics Bank of America Merrill Lynch has an opportunity for a Senior Quantitative Finance Analyst within our Global Risk Analytics (GRA) function. GRA is a sub-line of business within Global Risk Management (GRM). GRA is responsible for developing a consistent and coherent set of models and analytical tools for effective risk and capital measurement, management and reporting across Bank of America. GRA partners with the Lines of Business and Enterprise functions to ensure that its models and analytics address both internal and regulatory requirements, such as quarterly Enterprise Stress Testing (EST), the annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR), and the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) accounting standard. GRA models follow an iterative and ongoing development life cycle, as the bank responds to the changing nature of portfolios, economic conditions and emerging risks. In addition to model development, GRA conducts model implementation, data management, model execution and analysis, forecast administration, and model performance monitoring. GRA drives innovation, process improvement and automation across all of these activities. Overview of Enterprise Risk Analytics As a part of Global Risk Analytics (GRA), Enterprise Risk Analytics (ERA) is responsible for the development of cross-business holistic analytical models and tools. ERA consists of the following teams: Economic Scenario Generation (ESG) provides consistent and granular scenario generation capabilities for economic and market variables that enable multiple “what-if” outcomes for government regulators and other business uses. Enterprise Portfolio Analytics (EPA) provides portfolio surveillance visualization tools, utilizing advanced analytics (artificial intelligence/machine learning/natural language processing), to provide decision making support around the credit cycle, geo-intelligence, and thematic “what-if” analyses. EPA’s tools also support Enterprise strategic risk appetite and limits decisions for the bank’s risk and capital frameworks. Concentration Risk provides capital estimates to support annual regulatory requirements and legal entity-level capital management using tools and techniques focused on identification, measurement, and mitigation of concentration risks across countries, regions, sectors, and industries. Enterprise Capital Risk Analytics manages model performance monitoring and capital model issue resolution.  Compliance Modelling & Analytics supports Enterprise needs around Fair Lending and Global Financial Crimes Compliance. Central Quantitative Group (CQG) provides sophisticated quantitative solutions for ERA clients. The group often partners with other teams within and outside GRA to provide these solutions. Overview of the Role Bank of America's Economic Scenario Generation Group is seeking to add Industry Forecast Analysts Leader to the team. The Industry Forecast analyst role combines the skill set of a research analyst and economist. This position involves working with large data sets to design, implement, execute, and maintain methodologies to forecast industry-level economic aggregates. There will be interaction with senior economists, senior equity analysts, and credit risk analysts. This job requires initiative and independent judgment to apply both quantitative and qualitative analysis. Core responsibilities will include: Writing reports on industry-specific economic events and their impact on economic output and unemployment Working with Credit Analysts, Research Analysts, Economists and industry thought leaders to develop key industry themes Seeking out new, value-added, and/or unusual sources of information Leveraging robust internal bank data sets  Identifying high frequency data sets to augment forecasts   
 Responsibilities: 
 Write reports on industry-specific economic events and their impact on economic output and unemployment Work with Credit Analysts, Research Analysts, Economists and industry thought leaders to develop key industry themes Seek out new, value-added, and/or unusual sources of information Leverage robust internal bank data sets  Identify high frequency data sets to augment forecasts   Job Band: H4 Shift:  1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0 Bank of America 16 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Quantitative Analyst jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Global Risk in Charlotte, NC Senior Quantitative Analyst salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Global Risk 7 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
