
 
 
 
 Data Technician - Sherwood, AR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Technician CAE Inc. 255 reviews Sherwood, AR CAE Inc. 255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Role and Responsibilities 
 Summary
 Provide technical assistance to the Data Analytics Working Group (DAWG) team. Input data using various data collection instruments, extracts and cleans data to prepare for analysis, and assist with analysis/visualization of the data to provide business and operational intelligence . Responsible for the collection, recording and retrieval of information for U.S. Defense & Security and Allied nation customer programs. Interprets source documents, verifies accuracy of information, prepares reports and manages data storage and retrieval systems.
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities
 Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 Coordinate with Technical Lead and other DAWG members to prioritize business and program data analysis needs
 Input and validate data using various data collection systems
 Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems for accuracy
 Filter and “clean” raw data to prepare for ingestion into analytical tools
 Assist with data analysis in accordance with company policies, processes, procedures, and work instructions
 Conduct peer reviews to verify data analysis is in accordance with established quality standards
 Other duties as assigned
 Qualifications and Education Requirements
 Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field and 2 years of experience or a combination of education and related experience
 Strong keyboarding skills and general knowledge of word processing programs
 Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite of applications
 Ability to quickly learn, understand and breakdown complex, data inputs for processing, cleaning, and ingestion into relational databases and visual display systems
 Ability to prioritize work requirements with minimal supervision
 This could be adjusted to Associate’s depending on the actual work. If so, we could also drop it a pay grade. Maybe consider bachelor’s a Data tech II.
 Communication Skills
 Must demonstrate strong written communication (including technical writing), verbal communication (including presentations), and interpersonal skills.
 Must demonstrate excellent decision making skills
 Mathematical Skills
 Must be able to interpret and analyze data and statistics and to apply concepts of basic calculations
 Reasoning Ability
 Must be able to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions
 Must demonstrate the ability to interpret complex customer requirements and attitudes from verbal, non-verbal, and written communication
 Must demonstrate the ability to apply principles of logical, scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems
 Preferred Skills
 Prior experience with data visualization software desired
 Prior database experience desired
 Security Responsibilities
 Must comply with all company security and data protection / usage policies and procedures. Personally responsible for proper marking and handling of all information and materials, in any form. Shall not divulge any information, or afford access, to other employees not having a need-to-know. Shall not divulge information outside company without management approval. All government and proprietary information will be accessed and stored electronically on company provided resources.
  Incumbent must be eligible for DoD Personal Security Clearance.
 Work Environment
 The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 This position will be classified as Hybrid in CAE’s Continuum Work assignment structure (i.e. 40%-80% remote)
 Occasional travel (approximately 10%) may be required to visit outside sources and adapt to their environment
 Physical Demands
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
 Ability to use online and remote collaboration tools such as Microsoft Teams
 Ability to sit and stand for extended periods of time
 Focused visual concentration or focused listening
 Other Duties
 Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for their job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
 CAE USA Inc. is an EOE/AA employer and gives consideration for employment to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here  EEO is the Law poster  .
 PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
 #LI-PL1
 Position Type 
 Regular
 CAE thanks all applicants for their interest. However, only those whose background and experience match the requirements of the role will be contacted.
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 At CAE, everyone is welcome to contribute to our success. With no exception.
 As captured in our overarching value "One CAE", we’re proud to work as one passionate, boundaryless and inclusive team.
 At CAE, all employees are welcome regardless of race, nationality, colour, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, disability or age.
 The masculine form may be used in this job description solely for ease of reading, but refers to men, women and the gender diverse. CAE Inc. 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Technician jobs in Sherwood, AR Jobs at CAE in Sherwood, AR Data Technician salaries in Sherwood, AR Company Info Follow Get job updates from CAE Inc. CAE Inc. 255 reviews CAE is a high technology company, at the leading edge of digital immersion, providing solutions to make the world a safer place. Backed b... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
