
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In Mixed Reality, people—not devices—are at the center of everything we do. Our tech moves beyond screens and pixels, creating a new reality aimed at bringing us closer together—whether that’s scientists “meeting” on the surface of a virtual Mars or some yet undreamt-of possibility. To get there, we’re incorporating diverse groundbreaking technologies, from the revolutionary Holographic Processing Unit to computer vision, machine learning, human-computer interaction, and more. We’re a growing team of talented engineers and artists putting technology on a human path across all Windows devices, including Microsoft HoloLens, the Internet of Things, phones, tablets, desktops, and Xbox. We believe there has to be a better way. If you do too, we need you! 
Responsibilities 
The position will require working on a cross functional team to develop display systems, embedded control systems, control algorithms, feedback mechanisms and calibration routines. Additional responsibilities include creating and maintaining documentation and release notes, contributing to the system specifications, and defining functional tests. Also responsible for performing design analyses, risk analysis with contingency plans, leading design reviews, manufacturability assessments, verification of design durability and reliability. 
Qualifications 
Required: 
5+yearsof professional software design and development experience 
A degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field 
C, C++, C# coding backgroundandproficiency indebugging across technology stacks 
Experience shippinghigh quality devices 
Outstanding technical problem-solving skills 
Excellent design, coding, debugging skills 
Excellent verbal and writtencommunicationskills 
Collaboration across teams and organizations 
There are plenty of other skills that aren’t   strictly   required, but   will be highly useful   in this role: 
Display / image quality calibration for Augmented,Virtualand/or MixedReality 
Cloudand distributed servicestechnologies, such as Dockercontainers, Storage services, etc. 
Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning 
Image processing / pattern recognition 
OpenCV experience 
MATLAB development experience 
Hardware bring-up and manufacturing experience 
Familiarity with Visual Studio IDE, git, git-lfs, Azure DevOps 
#MixedReality 
The ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 26 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
