
 
 
 
 Front-End Engineer I - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Front-End Engineer I Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience 
 1+ years of full-stack software development experience 
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML5, CSS/SASS, and modern web technologies 
 Understanding of software engineering practices, OOD, design patterns, data structures and algorithms 
 Ability to troubleshoot and identify the root cause of issues. 
 
Looking for a challenge? Enjoy doing different types of development? We're seeking a Front-End Engineer to join the AWS developer documentation team to help build and improve tools and services used to generate and deliver our documentation.
 In this role, you will be responsible for website development and operations for the AWS documentation site (http://docs.aws.amazon.com), evolve the internal tools that we use to produce documentation to increase writer productivity while also increasing quality, and provide internal technical support to a team of technical writers and editors. AWS iterates rapidly and delivers new features and new services continuously. You will make sure the documentation teams has the right tools to deliver high quality documentation in a highly agile fashion.
 AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 Experience with jQuery, Node.js, JavaScript build tools, and modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Redux, Angular, Ractive, or Ember, along with the knowledge of when to use them 
 Passion for building efficient, scalable web interfaces 
 Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologies and building compelling web applications and UI 
 Experience in Amazon Web Services 
 Degree preferably in computer science or a similar technical discipline 
 You should be a self-starter and motivated 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Front End Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
