
 
 
 
 Deductions Specialist - Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deductions Specialist IBM 30,778 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
The Finance & Admin Business Analyst is essential to the ongoing profitable operations for one of the most globally recognized and respected companies in the world. By overseeing our financial activities, you will enable IBM to continue to bring to market ground-breaking innovations such as Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Solutions, Cloud Infrastructure, and Blockchain technologies, to name a few. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
For success in this role it is essential that you can analyze data using desktop technology, maintain a great team attitude, demonstrate passion for your work, and the willingness to learn and grow. This position will require continued interaction with Sales, Sales Finance, Grocery Retailers and Cash Application personnel to resolve customer account deductions. 
 
 Drive strong organizational cash flow by obtaining documentation and resolving customer discrepancies related to trade spend and other deductions Ensure exceptional customer support by actively collaborating with customers and internal business partners Ensure accuracy of promotional spending by understanding specific “Pay for Performance” guidelines and “Go To Market” customer plans as developed by the Sales organization Enforce trade settlement policies and/or procedures with customers and internal sales partners Take ownership and deliver against both personal and team goals Drive self-improvement and continuous learning through coaching and feedback Other responsibilities as assigned by Manager 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 Strong computer skills, including demonstrated proficiency of Microsoft Excel is a must Strong organizational skills and attention to detail Demonstrated ability to work autonomously, prioritize, organize and work effectively in a fast paced environment Able to analyze data and make informed decisions Solves problems and thinks creatively Ability to adapt to frequent changes in priorities and scheduled tasks Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing across multiple levels within an organization and with customers Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees at all levels in the organization Strong customer service orientation 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 Strong computer skills, including demonstrated proficiency of Microsoft Excel is a must Strong organizational skills and attention to detail Demonstrated ability to work autonomously, prioritize, organize and work effectively in a fast paced environment Able to analyze data and make informed decisions Solves problems and thinks creatively Ability to adapt to frequent changes in priorities and scheduled tasks Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing across multiple levels within an organization and with customers Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain relationships with employees at all levels in the organization Strong customer service orientation 
None 
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementSupplemental 1 employees may be eligible for paid holidays, paid sick time and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at IBM in Research Triangle Park, NC Specialist salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
