
 
 
 
 Senior Manufacturing/Production Operator - Scottsdale, AZ 85257 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manufacturing/Production Operator General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85257 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
High School diploma or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Applicants selected may be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Imagine building your career by developing the solutions that support the mission of our nation’s service members, intelligence analysts and first responders. That’s the challenge that’s waiting for you at General Dynamics Mission Systems. Here you have the opportunity to redefine innovation and excellence for the world. Are you ready? Then make a career move that makes an impact at General Dynamics Mission Systems.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.
 
 
Utilizing your manufacturing process skills, you’ll perform project tasks/assignments of a more complex nature ranging from repetitive to non-repetitive production assembly operations on electronic and/or mechanical assemblies and sub-assemblies such as modules, boards, panels, drawers, frames, and cables. The Senior Manufacturing / Production Operator reads and interprets basic schematics and drawings, as well as follows methods, techniques, and sequence of operations in performing wiring, component installation, hand soldering, and cable harnessing on sub-assemblies and units. We’ll rely on you to integrate sub-assemblies into final hardware, perform final assembly of small systems, perform basic electrical tests and perform more complex rework and refurbishment of hardware and systems. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A High School diploma or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience 
Clear knowledge of polarity and inspection criteria, Bills of Material (BOM), and applicable work order tracking management systems 
Clear knowledge of measuring equipment and math, and solid communication skills 
What sets you apart: 
Creative thinking with the ability to multi-task 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success 
Prefer experience with complex assemblies and with soldering wires. 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Production Operator jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Scottsdale, AZ Senior Production Operator salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
