
 
 
 
 Post-Doctoral Fellow Research - Robotics Lab, Full-time - Chicago, IL 60611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post-Doctoral Fellow Research - Robotics Lab, Full-time Shirley Ryan Ability Lab 87 reviews Chicago, IL 60611 Shirley Ryan Ability Lab 87 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Post-Doctoral Fellowship in the RobotLab, Arms+Hands, and Center for Neuroplasticity will help lead design, development, execution, and implementation of scientific research and/or development in collaboration with the research team of his/her assigned Principal Investigator. 
 
 
This position is in support of the activities of the University of Illinois at Chicago, the ShirleyRyan AbilityLab research hospital, and Northwestern University. The RobotLab focuses on artificial intelligence and the study of musculoskeletal mechanics, control, learning, and rehabilitation for restoration of functional ability. This human-machine interface experiments that develop models of re-learning to control after neural injuries such as stroke. This 4-year project funded by the NIH R01NS053606 is led by James Patton < sralab.org/researchers/james-l-patton-phd> will invite two successive 2-year post doctorial fellows. We search for world-class engineers seeking innovation development, clinical research, and a multidisciplinary team mentality. Expertise is needed in robotics, human motor systems physiology, modeling simulation and controls. 
 
 
The Post-Doctoral Fellow, Arms + Hands will consistently demonstrate support of the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab statement of Vision, Mission and Core Values by striving for excellence, contributing to the team efforts and showing respect and compassion for patients and their families, fellow employees, and all others with whom there is contact at or in the interest of the institute. 
 
 
The Post-Doctoral Fellow, Arms + Hands will demonstrate Shirley Ryan AbilityLab Core Attributes: Communication, Accountability, Flexibility/Adaptability, Judgment/Problem Solving, Customer Service and Core Values (Hope, Compassion, Discovery, Collaboration, & Commitment to Excellence) while fulfilling job duties. 
 
 
Principal Responsibilities 
 
 
The Post-Doctoral Fellow, Arms + Hands: 
 Ensures the design, development, execution and implementation of scientific research and/or development in collaboration with a research team. 
 Investigates the feasibility of applying a wide variety of scientific principles and theories to potential inventions and products. 
 Maintains substantial knowledge of state-of-the-art principles and theories. 
 Assists with development of collaborative projects within and outside the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab and test ideas for new projects development. 
 Applies for fellowships and grants for external lab funding and career development. 
 Participates in weekly lab meetings, journal clubs and seminars. 
 Builds and maintains a well-organized and accountable journal of own laboratory protocols, experiments, results and analyses. 
 Develops, submits and publishes results of research projects in scientific journals and presents data to public conferences/seminars when needed. 
 Performs all other duties that may be assigned in the best interest of the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab. 
 
 
Reporting Relationships 
 
 
 Reports directly to the assigned Principal Investigator 
 
Required Skills 
 
Required Experience 
 
 
 Requires the academic knowledge associated with a doctorate degree 
 Less than 7 years of postdoctoral training. 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills in English. 
 General knowledge in rehabilitation to improve patient function, specifically in the areas of complex arm/hand and reaching skills. 
 Specific knowledge in physiology, biomechanics, motor control, exercise physiology, biomedical engineering, neural engineering or others. 
 Strong interpersonal and organizational skills needed to participate as a creative member of a growing research team. 
 Ability to exchange ideas and to work closely with clinicians, patients and professional organizations. 
 Willingness to network within the Institute and to independently strengthen/develop new external collaborations. 
 Ability to timely plan and to coordinate project completions. 
 
 
Preferred Skills 
 
 Engineering, Math, or Physics degree 
 Expertise in clinical intervention research, robotics, human motor systems physiology, modeling, simulation, and/or control theory. 
 
 
Working Conditions 
 
 
 Normal office environment with little or no exposure to dust or extreme temperature. 
 
 About Shirley Ryan AbilityLab 
 
 
Shirley Ryan AbilityLab is the global leader in physical medicine and rehabilitation for adults and children with the most severe, complex conditions. By joining our team, you will be part of our life-changing Mission and Vision. You’ll work in a truly inclusive environment where diversity and equity are championed through words and actions. You’ll contribute to an innovative culture that is second to none, one that embraces curiosity, discovery and compassion. You’ll play a role in something that’s never been done before as we integrate science and clinical care to help patients achieve better, faster outcomes — as we Advance Human Ability, together. Shirley Ryan Ability Lab 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Shirley Ryan Ability Lab in Chicago, IL Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Shirley Ryan Ability Lab 87 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
