
 
 
 
 Application Consultant - Data / Security / Infast - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Consultant - Data / Security / Infast Capgemini 8,255 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Total Experience 6 to 8 years 
P2V\V2V migration experience on VMware platform and ability to handle migrations. 
Migration Tools hands-on knowledge: VMware Converter, Plate spin, Doubletake, Carbonite etc. 
Strong knowledge and hands on experience on below: 
Installation, configuration, and operation of VMware vSphere and dependent components 
Planning and execution of physical-to-virtual (P2V) migrations, VMware to Hyper-V. 
Planning and execution of workload Migration. 
Application and Infrastructure dependency mapping 
Troubleshoot performance and other infrastructure issues 
Create technical documentation pertaining to design, architecture, operation, etc. 
P2V\V2V troubleshooting expertise. 
Good knowledge on Windows and Linux OS 
Basic understanding of storage and networking 
Storage concepts such as Fiber channel, iSCSI, NFS, Site-to-Site Replication etc 
Capable of providing general infrastructure consulting; must be comfortable in the data 
center with multiple technologies 
Good interpersonal skills and ability to communicate effectively 
Should be a self-starter, high on initiatives and key member of the delivery team 
Should possess good analytical abilities and problem-solving skill" 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Application Consultant jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Application Consultant salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
