
 
 
 
 ITAM Analyst - Sparks Glencoe, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ITAM Analyst Capgemini 8,255 reviews Sparks Glencoe, MD Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :12+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Track and report on all hardware and software across a network or enterprise; monitor and report on unlicensed installations and prohibited software. 
Define asset tracking processes, policies, and procedures. 
Ensure that all hardware and software assets are recorded, tracked and monitor terms and conditions of software license usage. 
Manage software assets to ensure license compliance. 
Participate in integrating asset management with other business functions and systems. 
Implement and refine repeatable processes and controls that demonstrate quality and regulatory compliance. 
Review inventory (physical and automated) for variances with Asset database records. 
Assess and provide variance resolution 
Analyze all variances and make recommendations to perform inventory 
Associate variances with other process areas and advise appropriate process manager 
Identify areas of process improvement and communicate to Asset Manager. 
Provide assistance and information to procurement 
Recommend and initiate end of life on high maintenance assets Perform other duties as assigned. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in Sparks Glencoe, MD Jobs at Capgemini in Sparks Glencoe, MD Analyst salaries in Sparks Glencoe, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
