
 
 
 
 Technical Subject Matter Expert - TS/SCI Required - Tysons, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Subject Matter Expert - TS/SCI Required Logistics Management Institute 69 reviews Tysons, VA Logistics Management Institute 69 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
LMI is seeking a  Technical Subject Matter Expert (SME)  at our headquarters office in Tysons, Virginia. The successful applicant will serve as a Technical SME for a Department of Homeland Security (DHS) program. The successful applicant will serve as SME for a DHS S&T program assessing and enhancing the application of emerging document and media exploitation and analytics, behavior science, technology systems, and machine learning/artificial intelligence research and digital forensics tools to provide enhanced capabilities for DHS and partner agency law enforcement organizations. 
 
LMI is a consultancy dedicated to improving the business of government, drawing from deep expertise in advanced analytics, digital services, logistics, and management advisory services. Established as a private, not-for-profit organization in 1961, LMI is a trusted third party to federal civilian and defense agencies, free of commercial and political bias. We operate completely free of political and commercial bias, and we are entirely aligned with the goals of our clients. Our clients value our specialized services in logistics, intelligence, homeland security, health care, and energy and environment markets. We believe government can make a difference, and we seek talented, hardworking people who share that conviction. We offer a generous compensation package with excellent benefits that start the first day of employment. Business casual dress, flex time, and tuition reimbursement are a few of our many work-life benefits available to our employees. 
Responsibilities:
 
The Technical SME will possess in-depth knowledge in digital forensics Research & Development (R&D) and digital imagery analytic tools. He/she will examine, assess, analyze, and/or resolve highly complex problems and evolving requirements. The SME will be able to preparehigh-quality deliverables, both written and oral with minimal technical guidance and oversight. 
Qualifications:
 High School Diploma/GED plus 20 yrs. relevant experience, OR Associates Degree in a relevant field plus 18 yrs. relevant experience, OR Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field plus 16 yrs. relevant experience, OR Master’s Degree in a relevant field plus 14 yrs. relevant experience, OR Doctoral Degree in a relevant field plus 12 yrs. relevant experience 
TS/SCI Clearance 
Progressively higher levels of experience in directing all phases of digital forensics application research and development 
Ability to develop concepts, conduct research studies, and prepare gap analyses 
Experience developing test plans and conducting testing and evaluation of digital imagery analytic tools 
Knowledge of qualitative and quantitative techniques to assess performance 
Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing Logistics Management Institute 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Subject Matter Expert jobs in Tysons, VA Jobs at Logistics Management Institute in Tysons, VA Subject Matter Expert salaries in Tysons, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Logistics Management Institute Logistics Management Institute 69 reviews LMI is a consultancy dedicated to powering a future-ready, high-performing government, drawing from expertise in digital and analytic sol... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
