
 
 
 
 CCB - Applied AI ML - VP - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CCB - Applied AI ML - VP JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,615 reviews Columbus, OH JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,615 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are an intellectually diverse team of economists, statisticians, engineers, and other analytics professionals, focused on quantitative modeling within CCB at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The team answers complex and unique questions, utilizing cutting edge quantitative and computational techniques and leveraging one of the world's largest repositories of consumer data. We work closely with our partners throughout JPMorgan Chase to assess and execute critical business decisions. 
Responsibilities: 
Apply critical thinking skills and perform advanced analytics with the goal of solving complex and multi-faceted business problems.
 Generate deep insights through the analysis of data and understanding of business processes and turn them into actionable recommendations.
 Perform advanced quantitative and statistical analysis of large datasets to identify trends, patterns, and correlations that can be used to improve business performance. 
 Know what type of algorithm to use and how to implement them
 Build and deploy prototype solutions to demonstrate ideas and prove concepts.
 Develop presentations to summarize and communicate key messages to senior management sponsors and colleagues.
 Become a subject matter expert and trusted advisor in the analytics discipline.
 Collaborate with others in the organization to develop new ideas and brainstorm potential solutions.
 Actively contribute to the continuous learning mindset of the organization by bringing in new ideas and perspectives that stretch the thinking of the group 
 Mentor junior team members 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Deep quantitative/programming background with a graduate degree (M.S., Ph.D.) in Computational Linguistics, Data Science, Statistics 
 Experience with Natural Language models and approaches including Topic Modeling, Text Classification, Entity Extraction, Neural Language (CNN, BiDirectional LSTM, Elmo, Bert) 
 Deep understanding of text representation techniques (n-grams, bag of words, tf-idf, word embeddings, sense embeddings) and frameworks (glove, word2vec) 
 5+ years of related experience preferred 
 Hands-on experience with Artificial Intelligence 
 Ability to write code and develop production-ready analytical applications
 Significant experience working with very large scale (structured and unstructured) data 
 Expertise in Python 
 Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.
 We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
 Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Columbus, OH Vice President salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,615 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
