
 
 
 
 Computational Drug Designer - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computational Drug Designer Exscientia Miami, FL Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Exscientia Is a technology company that is committed to getting medicines to patients in the fastest and most effective manner. We do this by applying the latest research in Artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning and modern high-performance computational methods to transform drug design. Exscientia is at the forefront of Artificial Intelligence (AI) driven drug discovery and the only company to have used AI to design drug molecules that are currently in clinical studies. 
We have a rapidly growing portfolio of drug discovery projects spanning across several therapeutic areas after years of forming partnerships with many leading pharmaceutical companies and research institutes. To continue our success story and bring even more drugs into the clinic, we are now looking to further expand our design team in Miami and have exciting roles to suit individuals from diverse backgrounds and various levels of experience. 
As a  Computational Drug Designer  at Exscientia you will play a pivotal role in achieving our core mission: making better drugs, faster - by using your unique scientific background and our innovative AI methods to invent novel molecules across numerous projects with unprecedented productivity. You will be an integral member of our design team and working on diverse drug discovery programs alongside experienced medicinal chemists and biologists. Together you will advance our portfolio and regularly present results to stakeholders such as external partners as well as at meetings and conferences. 
 
 Technology is deeply integrated into our discovery processes and the feedback from our projects is constantly used to further develop our design platform and identify research priorities. In your role as drug designer, you will therefore also have the explicit opportunity to collaborate with world-class scientists and engineers from many different fields and help them to improve our technology with every design cycle. 
This role is a great fit for scientists that are passionate about drug discovery and are keen on using the most-cutting edge technology to design drugs hands-on and change people’s lives for the better. It is equally suitable for talented individuals who just started their careers as well as experienced computational chemists. More than anything, you will bring a hacker mindset, affinity for technology and a knack for solving challenging problems.
 You will have the opportunity to 
Design potential drug molecules using cutting edge AI/ML and other computational methods.
 Continuously advance the Exscientia technology platform with your insights from projects through collaborations with researchers and engineers in the technology group.
 Take a leading role in technical discussions about your designs with external collaborators. 
Regularly present your work to peers, senior stakeholders and external customers. 
Learn about the latest advances in computational approaches to drug design and further develop your own research interests. 
 What will you bring to the role? 
PhD or equivalent scientific expertise in cheminformatics, computational chemistry, bioinformatics, or a related field at the intersection of computing and drug discovery. 
Understanding of basic medicinal chemistry principles applied to drug discovery projects. 
Experience in applying computational chemistry and molecular modeling techniques to generate and test hypotheses on relationships between chemical structures and their activities.
 Desire to continuously acquire new computational skills and increase your knowledge about the drug discovery process. 
Excellent interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills: you will need to be able to communicate effectively with team members as well as external audiences having diverse professional backgrounds. 
 Beneficial skills and experience 
Keen interest in artificial intelligence and its application to drug discovery.
 Practical data science experience to analyze large data sets and prioritize them using multi-parameter optimization techniques. 
Knowledge of pharmacokinetics and familiarity with ADME data. 
Ability to use programmatic toolkits and APIs to translate your ideas into results. Even better, you know how to code or are keen on extending your skillset with coding. 
 What can you expect from us? 
Making a positive contribution to patients by revolutionizing the pharmaceutical industry through AI-driven discovery. 
The opportunity to see your own work result in the delivery of candidate drug molecules and you becoming an inventor on many patents. 
Kick-start or further grow your career - at Exscientia, you will have the opportunity to acquire valuable skills, work on problems that really matter, and learn from world-class technical and scientific leaders. 
Highly competitive compensation as we continue to grow and thrive. 
Comprehensive health insurance (Medical, Dental & Vision) and 401(k) plan. 
Funding for professional development and conference attendance. 
Opportunity to join an inclusive, collaborative and intellectually stimulating culture. 
Work from a brand new office in the heart of Miami - enjoy an unrivaled quality of life in one of the most exciting places in the United States. We are just a block away from the waterfront, within walking distance of the Wynwood Art District and across the bridge from South Beach. 
 Exscientia does not offer visa sponsorships for this position and applicants must be eligible to work in the United States. 
Exscientia embraces equal opportunity and is committed to providing a diverse and inclusive community where  everybody  feels welcome. We welcome applications from all people regardless of background. Exscientia 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Exscientia in Miami, FL Designer salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Exscientia Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
