
 
 
 
 Developer Applications - Mobility - Springdale, AR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Developer Applications - Mobility Tyson Foods, Inc. 8,552 reviews Springdale, AR Tyson Foods, Inc. 8,552 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description What is Tyson Technology?
 The IT Team at Tyson Foods is building the technology of the future. We’re transforming an 85-year-old company into the most modern food company in the world. We’re developing technologies that are used in our offices, they’re used in our plants, in our farms, they’re used everywhere. We’re building technologies that are changing the way this company works. Everything from machine learning to artificial intelligence to utilizing cutting edge tech like drones, that will help drive our business forward. At Tyson Foods we’re driving world class technology to revolutionize a world class company.
 Check out Tyson Technology!
 https://www.tysonfoods.com/technology-careers
 How can I be part of Tyson Technology?
 Do you have a passion for technology that will drive modernization, transformation and automation to safely feed your family, friends, and the World? Do you enjoy researching new technology and working in a TEAM atmosphere to apply technology to demonstrate the “Art of the Possible”? If this is your passion, We Want To Hear From You!
 Tyson Foods is hiring for a highly-motivated Mobile Developer that will help design, build, and support Mobile and PWA applications while collaborating with a multi-national team. Primary focus is on Mobile development, collaboration with partners internal/external, and a culture of continuous improvement.
 Do you have the skills?
 Looking for an experienced technologist that has the right “Attitude & Aptitude” to learn and make an impact working on Mobile platforms such as Android, iOS and web. Ideal candidate has knowledge on Mobile development through various technologies such as React, React Native and Flutter.
 Experience in JavaScript
 Experience in HTML & CSS
 Experience in React, React Native is preferred but not required
 Experience in Flutter is preferred but not required
 Experience in a Native Mobile Language is a bonus (Objective C, Swift, Java, Kotlin)
 Requirements:
 Location: Springdale, AR
 Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or an equivalent degree with experience equating to a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Information Systems.
 Experience: Minimum of 1+ years of Mobile development experience using agile methodologies and CI/CD.
 Communication Skills: Applicant should be able to communicate effectively with internal customers, leadership, and peers.
 Supervisory: No
 Travel: Minimal travel requirements
 Work Shift:
 1ST SHIFT (United States of America)
 When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page. If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention. Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.
 Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
 CCPA Notice. If you are a California resident, and would like to learn more about what categories of personal information we collect when you apply for this job, and how we may use that information, please read our CCPA Job Applicant Notice at Collection,  click here  . Tyson Foods, Inc. 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mobile Developer jobs in Springdale, AR Jobs at Tyson Foods in Springdale, AR Mobile Developer salaries in Springdale, AR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tyson Foods, Inc. Tyson Foods, Inc. 8,552 reviews Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) is one of the world’s largest food companies and a recognized leader in protein. Founded in 1935 by John W. Tyson... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
