
 
 
 
 Data Scientist, Commercial Analytics - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist, Commercial Analytics Exact Sciences Corporation 127 reviews Remote Remote Exact Sciences Corporation 127 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary of Major Responsibilities:
 
The Data Scientist performs data analysis to extract knowledge or insight from structured or unstructured data. This position will apply advanced statistical algorithms for analysis of large-scale, complex datasets. This position will keep up to date with cutting-edge techniques in programming, machine learning, big data, and healthcare modeling and will seek ways to advance the organization’s capabilities in analytics. 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
 Apply machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence techniques. 
Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data. 
Perform large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to answer business questions. 
Create hypotheses and experiments to identify hidden relationships and construct new analytics methods. 
Develop and implement Markov decision process models and healthcare economic models. 
Articulate a vision and roadmap for the utilization of data as a valued corporate asset. 
Visualize information and develop reports on results of data analysis. 
Influence product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations. 
Spread best practices to analytics and product teams. 
Implement new tools to make data analysis more efficient. 
Ability to work with minimal supervision. 
Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment. 
Ability to communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
 Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
 Regular and reliable attendance.
 Ability to lift up to 10 pounds for approximately 5% of a typical working day. 
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 80% of a typical working day. 
Ability and means to travel between Madison locations. 
Ability to travel 5% of working time away from work location, may include overnight/weekend travel. 
Qualifications:
 
Minimum Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, data science, information technology, or related field.
 3+ years of experience working with large datasets for drawing business insights. 
1+ years of experience in a data science role. 
Professional working knowledge of machine learning; including solving complex business problems, predictive modeling, leveraging both structured and unstructured data sources, relational databases, and SQL. 
Professional working knowledge of statistics and modeling techniques.
 Fluent in Python or R programming.
 Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies. 
Proficient in Microsoft Office. 
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
 Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Master’s degree in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or related field. 
Experience in cloud environments. 
Professional working knowledge of distributed computing and big data technologies, such as Spark or related technologies.
 Professional working knowledge of statistical methodologies and tools (R, SAS, SPSS, etc.), mathematical optimization, control theory, and time-series analysis.
 Professional working knowledge of Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, or Recommender Systems.
 EEO Disclosure:
 
We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request. Exact Sciences Corporation 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Exact Sciences Corporation in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Exact Sciences Corporation Exact Sciences Corporation 127 reviews Exact Sciences Corp. is a molecular diagnostics company focused on the early detection of the deadliest forms of cancer. The company has ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
