
 
 
 
 Corporate Pilot-Gulfstream GVI-650ER - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Pilot-Gulfstream GVI-650ER Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Do you have outstanding piloting skills with an exceptional corporate background in the air? We are seeking a new pilot to add to our professional corporate aviation team! As Pilots in Command we are responsible for the safe and efficient operation of Micron Corporate Aircraft while in compliance with all applicable FAA regulations, rules, directives, aircraft flight manuals and company procedures and policies. We are ultimately responsible for the well-being of the passengers, crew and aircraft. The Pilot in Command will report to the Chief Pilot and may perform additional duties as assigned. 
Duties & Responsibilities: 
Maintain a high-level of proficiency in Micron Corporate Planes 
Ensure preflight and post-flight inspections and duties are conducted 
Acquire updated weather reports, NOTAMS, preform weight, & balance for each flight 
Ensure all flights are in compliance with all FAA/FAR's, Micron Procedures and Policies 
Ensure all company issued iPads are maintained 
Passenger briefings are carried out in accordance with FAR's & Micron polices 
All cockpit checks are performed in accordance with AFM & Micron polices 
Follow Company Checklist and SOP's 
Report any mechanical irregularities to Chief Pilot in a timely manner 
May delegate functions but retains responsibility 
Qualifications: 
FAA Airline Transport Certificate 
FAA First Class Medical 
Valid US Passport 
No violations, accidents, or incidents within past 5 years. Gulfstream GVI-650 type rating required and current 
International Experience required, specifically flying to/from/within Asia 
Must relocate to Boise 
5000TT, 1500 PIC ME, 500 Turbo Jet, 100 MM 
Position Requirements: 
Excellent leadership and mentoring skills 
Ability to analyze and problem solve in fast pact environment 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills 
Outstanding customer service aptitude 
Proficient in Microsoft products 
Ultimate standout colleague 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form Micron 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Pilot jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Pilot salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
