
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) Software Developer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) Software Developer Pioneer Square Labs Seattle, WA Remote QUIVR AI Corp Seattle/Redmond, WA or work-from-home
 
QUIVR is on a mission to bring the best in ML and computer vision to industrial workers in heavy manufacturing. Want to help make the perfect car, perfect? Want to help maintenance teams scan rocket assembly more efficiently so satellites launch in low Earth orbit more often. Join QUIVR and help give maintenance and quality assurance teams super sight to get the job done right.
 
At QUIVR, you'll be challenged, you'll be inspired, and you'll be part of an innovative organization making a real impact on improving the quality of heavy manufacturing. No matter what your role is, you'll find a diverse, team-driven, fun culture where your contributions truly count.
 
Position Overview
 
The AI/ML Software Developer is responsible creating a solid software foundation for implementing AI / Machine Learning (ML) algorithms and approaches in validated, maintainable code. In particular, this role will require close work with both QUIVR teams working on data science, computational biology, and ML as well as those at our outside partners in the auto and rocket manufacturing industries. These efforts support company initiatives and important projects in a range of areas, including high-profile projects in automobile and rocket development. As such, these software development projects will happen in a regulated setting, and an important part of the AI/ML Software Developer's role will be implementation of that software in the regulated setting required for automobile and rocket development. The AI/ML Software developer will transform the innovative artificial intelligence and computational programming work going on in research to the hardened, modular, and reusable code that supports our exciting product portfolio at QUIVR.
 
Responsibilities
 
Develop software to support the operational implementation of machine learning and other AI algorithms and tools.
 
Work with colleagues throughout QUIVR and partner organizations to implement a shared analytics workbench - combining version-controlled analytics tools and data across the company and with partners.
 
Developing shared data and analytics resources which will be the basis for future product development research, and the core of future data products for the
 
company.
 
Requirements
 
Bachelor's degree in in computer science, data science or artificial intelligence, and • 2+ years of full-time experience as either an AI or ML Engineer or Data Scientist • 2+ years of experience with architecture, design and implementation of AI/ML technologies
 
2+ years programming in tools such as C++, Java, or Python
 
Knowledge and experience with full AI solutions lifecycle including model management, model deployment and more
 
 Having read or familiarity with Numerical Recipes:  The Art of Scientific Computing Pioneer Square Labs 8 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Pioneer Square Labs in Seattle, WA Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pioneer Square Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
