
 
 
 
 Jr. Software Engineer - Racine, WI 53403 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Jr. Software Engineer Foxconn 2,138 reviews Racine, WI 53403 Foxconn 2,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $45,000 - $60,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Jr. Software Engineer 
 Foxconn Industrial Internet (Fii)  provides innovative design and advanced manufacturing capabilities through Artificial Intelligence driven solutions. Dedicated to the expansion of AI-driven platforms, Fii centers around Cloud Based Computing, Big Data, High-Speed Networks, Automation, and Industry 4.0 methodology. Join an expansive network of professionals who work together within a company culture of  one shared mission . 
 
Foxconn is currently seeking a  Jr. Software Engineer  to supplement our growing IT team in Mount Pleasant, Wisconsin. This individual will design, develop, document, test, implement, and debug new and existing software solutions for large-scale proprietary software for internal use. The Software Engineer will participate in full life cycle development projects and serve as an expert on their requirements, analysis, and design. 
 Responsibilities Include: 
 Write code for new and existing software products, participate in code reviews, software design and development process. 
 Develop custom applications for clients. 
 Identify and debug source cause of issues. 
 Provide issue resolution through configuration or code changes. 
 Perform or support product installations, upgrades and updates. 
 Writes technical specifications based on conceptual design and stated business requirements. 
 Support, maintain, and document software functionality. 
 Identify and evaluate new technologies for implementation. 
 Analyze components to find causes of errors and revise programs as needed. 
 Analyze user needs, system requirements and business processes to determine technical requirements. 
 Consult with end user to prototype, refine, test, and debug components to meet needs. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 Education Requirements, Ideal Experience: 
 BS/MS in Computer Science or IT relevant area, IT Security related classes a plus. 
 1-3 years relevant experience. 
 1-3 years’ experience in Python and JavaScript is required. 
 .Net Programmer candidates, 1 - 2 years of development experience with:
 C#, ASP.Net, WinForms, ASP.Net, ASP.Net Core and .Net Framework. 
 Developing and consuming web APIs using C# and ASP.Net. 
 Database development using MS SQL, Linq and Entity Framework. 
 Client-side development using CSS3, HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, type-script. 
 1 - 2 Years’ experience in current programming language (to include at least one mainstream objective oriented or functional language) and tools based on position requirements (Preferred). 
 Advanced knowledge and experience with Windows Server (2008 and higher). Including: IIS, PowerShell, Command Prompt and batch file scripting (desired not required). 
 Experience with GIT repositories and JIRA (desired not required). 
 Travel may be required during 3-month training period. 
 Legal authorization to work in the US is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening. 
 Foxconn provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Foxconn complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. 
 
 
XJ6 Foxconn 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Junior Software Engineer jobs in Racine, WI Jobs at Foxconn in Racine, WI Junior Software Engineer salaries in Racine, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Foxconn Foxconn 2,138 reviews Established in Taiwan in 1974, Hon Hai Technology Group (Foxconn) (2317:Taiwan) is the world’s largest electronics manufacturer. Foxconn ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
