
 
 
 
 Identity and Access Management (IAM) Delivery Cons - Atlanta, GA 30328 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Identity and Access Management (IAM) Delivery Cons Capgemini 8,221 reviews Atlanta, GA 30328 Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :12+Months 
Responsibilities : 
6+ Years of experience in IT and should be aligned with Access Management solutions. 
Of which 4 years of hands-on experience in any of AM products such as Ping Directory, Ping Federate and Ping Access etc. 
Should have experience in installation and configurations of of the above-mentioned product. 
Must have a thorough understanding and work experience for Single Sign-On, Access management, Identity Federation, Multi-factor authentication, Risk / Context-based authentication, On-time provisioning / de-provisioning with any one of the IDM tools. 
Must have a thorough understanding and work experience for technologies such as Header based Single Sign On, SAML, OAuth, Ws-Fed, Ws-Trust, IWA based authentication etc. 
Must have working experience in integration of multiple applications with any one of above-mentioned Access management tools. 
Must have working experience in workflow design and development, role-based access management, creating password policies, 
Hands-On experience with customization of such as UI customization, writing scripts and developing code to fetch assertion values form multiple data sources. 
Experience in integrating directories / Database as Identity store with Access management. 
Knowledge of Sun one LDAP is preferred 
Should be very good Java/J2EE developer 
Thorough in creating technical documentation of Design, Use and Test cases 
Troubleshooting skills are also a must. 
Expertise in J2EE, JSON, REST, SCIM and SOAP-based web services. 
Should be able to work independently as a Sr. Developer, work may require the person to the solution and implement IAM the component. 
Requirements : 
Good collaboration & communication skills, the ability to participate in an interdisciplinary team. 
Strong written communications and documentation experience 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Identity Manager jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Capgemini in Atlanta, GA Identity Manager salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
