
 
 
 
 NVE Product Engineer - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NVE Product Engineer Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
The general responsibilities of the position are the following: 
NAND Probe/ Back End Testing 
Improve Probe testing coverage, quality and on NAND products 
Own the probe test flow, review and sign off probe test program release to ensure quality control 
Utilize state-of-art in house engineering equipment to support product characterization and electrical failure analysis 
Develop creative testing algorithms to improve testing efficiency 
New Generation Product Development 
Responsible for new product startup and yield improvement 
Support design verification and in-depth circuit of new products using CAD tools and Verilog simulations 
Work with the wafer fab process/integration group to address process-related defects affecting product yield 
Identify design marginalities and recommend design fix for circuit-related problems 
Functional and Design Validation 
Design novel test algorithms and develop test programs for validating NAND features and commands 
Use high-speed tester hardware to perform validation of new NAND devices 
Analysis of failures generated from the evaluations 
Automation of program development and work processes using scripting 
Product Yield Enhancement 
Identify causes of low yield through systematic analysis 
Work closely with various engineering groups in resolving process/defects related issues 
Perform electrical/physical failure analysis to understand the failure mechanism relating to defects / fab process 
Utilize statistical tools for detailed data analysis on product to drive yield improvement projects 
Managed NAND (MNAND) Products 
Develop high quality and cost-efficient MNAND test strategies 
Understand 3D NAND defect mechanisms and MNAND system error recovery features 
Collaborate with test engineering teams to define and secure necessary test fixtures for memory and system testing 
Conduct electrical failure analysis of the MNAND products through different phases of the product life cycling such as qualification, high volume manufacturing and customer returns. 
Extensive usage of data parsing and data analysis for improving yields, test times and quality of the products. 
Solid State Drive (SSD) Firmware Validation 
Develop and maintain manufacturing Firmware for testing of SSDs. 
Build the Manufacturing FW to self-test SSDs during the development phase 
Drive continuous improvement initiatives in terms of test coverage through optimization of code. 
Ensure SSD are tested to meet or exceed the required functionality, usability, quality/reliability and performance with an efficient manufacturing firmware. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Manages production support engineering for a specific product or group of products after transfer from design to high volume production. Interfaces with design, process, test and reliability engineering to solve problems. Sustains products with cost reduction and yield improvements. Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Engineer jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Product Engineer salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
