
 
 
 
 PowerPoint Presentation Graphic Designer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PowerPoint Presentation Graphic Designer NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a PowerPoint Presentation Graphic Designer, Executive Communications Team!
 NVIDIA has been redefining computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by phenomenal technology—and amazing people.
 Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world.
 What you'll be doing:
 You'll bring our story to life through designing presentations using illustrations, renderings, and photography. You’ll collaborate with a team of creative directors, art directors, graphic designers, copywriters, and account managers. Collaborating with our top executives, you’ll help us create amazing keynotes and other presentations for our most important communications in the areas of Artificial Intelligence, Self-Driving Cars, Robotics, Gaming, and more. From campaigns and product launches to events, we build it all in-house with our internal creative team.
 What we need to see:
 Awesome work showing your PowerPoint design presentation skills using infographics, illustrations, diagrams, 3D art, photo-illustrations, and compositing
 Mastery of creating beautiful and informative visuals from new and existing artwork and assets. Creativity in solving multiple layout options for a single concept in a timely manner.
 Amazing work showing how you create and conceptualize big ideas in PowerPoint and other media and forward-thinking creative concepts for executive presentations
 Your passion to take intent and direction from executives, peers, leaders, and stakeholders, and apply your design skills to create a vision, iterate quickly, revise, and produce final presentations
 Meticulous attention to detail as it applies to the application of brand guidelines and the ability to review slide decks to ensure formatting is correct and consistent and perform an overall polish
 Experience managing presentation design for internal and external presentations while working seamlessly on various presentations in parallel
 Mastery of Microsoft PowerPoint and Adobe Creative Cloud, especially InDesign, Illustrator, and Photoshop. After Effects and 3D experience with Maya or Blender is a plus.
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Outlook and tracking your work in project management and enterprise content management tools such as Workfront
 Evidence of how you seek out and evangelize the latest creative and design industry trends, individuals, work, and technologies, and embrace change
 A love for technology; an ability and passion to understand hi-tech products from the inside out
 A BFA, BS, or MFA in Graphic Design or equivalent field or equivalent experience
 5+ years of proven experience crafting visuals and designing presentations of established brands 
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Walk us through a project that was memorable. Share your insights on what went well and what could be better. Have hidden talents or out-of-the-box interests? Tell us about them!
 We'd love to hear from you; send us your resume and provide a PDF or online portfolio with at least 5-10 design samples, including presentations, illustrations and 3D graphics.
 Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA offers highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. As you plan your future, see what we can offer to you and your family www.nvidiabenefits.com/
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Graphic Designer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Graphic Designer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
