
 
 
 
 Chief Analytic Scientist - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Analytic Scientist FICO 168 reviews San Diego, CA FICO 168 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description FICO (NYSE: FICO)  is a leading global analytics software company, helping businesses in 90+ countries make better decisions. Join our world-class team today and fulfill your career potential!
 Job Summary
 In this highly visible, strategic, technical role that reports directly to the Chief Analytics Officer, you will foster strong relationships and influence executive leadership, product management, engineering and other functional groups to execute the Analytic strategy.
 Job Description
 Work cross functionally to deliver high quality/on-time analytic development programs deployed to our cloud SaaS platform
 Drive analytic innovation and research. Partnering with cross functional teams (i.e. Pre-sales, Product Management, Software Development) to deliver commercially viable products and solutions.
 Be a trusted advisor on analytic technology to internal and external senior leaders. Exciting them with a compelling narrative that demonstrates our analytic innovations, commercial value add, differentiation from competitors, etc.
 Participate in developing intellectual property that solves current and future customer needs, that it is deployable as a cloud-based software product.
 Envision analytic solutions in cooperation with client's executive leadership and articulate innovations via speaking engagements, presentations, press and social media, etc.
 Partner with senior leadership, to leverage portfolio and product strategy, to create an analytics strategy that balances internal productivity and client/commercial needs.
 What we’re seeking
 Analytics leader with a track record of influencing cross functional teams (Product management, Software Development, Sales, etc.) to deliver high quality/on-time analytic development programs. Preferably in enterprise software and/or financial services companies.
 Technical hands-on experience building standardized machine learning models for Analytic Software. Preferably deployed to a public cloud SaaS platform.
 Analytics innovator (preferably author of patents and publications), with a demonstrable history of driving analytic innovation into business process and product offerings.
 Excellent communication skills both written and verbal with examples of published work and conference presentations.
 Advanced degree (PhD or MSc) in a relevant technical field
 Why Make a Move to FICO?
 At FICO, you can develop your career with a leading organization in one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today – Big Data analytics. You’ll play a part in our commitment to help businesses use data to improve every choice they make, using advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and much more.
 FICO makes a real difference in the way businesses operate worldwide:
 Credit Scoring — 150+ billion FICO Scores have been sold to date, making it the most used credit score in the world.
 Fraud Detection and Security — 2.6+ billion payment cards globally are protected by FICO fraud systems.
 Lending — 3/4 of US mortgages are approved using the FICO Score.
 Anti-Money Laundering — our solutions check more than half a billion transactions a day to prevent criminal schemes such as terrorist financing
 Global trends toward digital transformation have created tremendous demand for FICO’s solutions, placing us among the world’s top 100 software companies by revenue. We support many of the world’s largest banks, insurers, retailers, telecommunications providers and other firms reach a new level of success.
 Our success is dependent on really talented people – just like  you  – who thrive on the collaboration and innovation that’s nurtured by a diverse and inclusive environment. We’ll provide the support you need, while ensuring you have the freedom to develop your skills and grow your career. Join FICO and help change the way business thinks!
 Learn more about how you can fulfill your potential at www.fico.com/Careers
 FICO values the benefit that diversity and a culture of inclusion bring to our workplace. We are an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and we’re proud to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, pregnancy, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. FICO 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Analytics Officer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at FICO in San Diego, CA Chief Analytics Officer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FICO FICO 168 reviews At FICO, you can advance your career within one of the fastest-growing fields in technology today - analytics. With our industry leading ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
