
 
 
 
 Content Designer 2 (Content Intelligence Team) - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content Designer 2 (Content Intelligence Team) Microsoft 7,140 reviews Atlanta, GA Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you passionate about exploring ways to make products more inclusive, equitable, and ethical? Are you curious about the possibilities for improving Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence? Are you driven to make technology simpler and easier to use and to understand? Do you welcome the challenge of creating order within complex projects? Are you an excellent writer who understands how to use everything from a purposefully placed fragment to in-depth storytelling? 
We’re looking for a highly creative and tech-savvy writer to join us. On the Content Intelligence team, we author UX content, help design intelligence-driven experiences, work with data evaluation, and author guidance to help share our insights and processes. We strive to create empathetic, ethical, and effective experiences that are in harmony with the goals of Inclusive Design and Responsible AI. We support projects across the Experience + Devices team, including Editor, Word, Edge, PowerPoint, and more. This role will initially focus on collaborating to manage a project evaluating large data sets within intelligence-driven projects to help protect users and their brands from harm, as well as collaboration on features that help encourage inclusive communication, with opportunities to tackle other areas over time. You’ll work with our world-class designers, content creators, and engineering teams. You’ll create new product experiences and your words will help customers learn, solve their problems, and get the most out of those products. Then you’ll use data to understand how to improve experiences and content to help customers have the magical experiences they expect. You’ll have a window into the future and a chance to shape how that future impacts customers around the globe. 
The ideal candidate is creative and is passionate about words, design, inclusion, and technology. You thrive in collaborative cultures, yet are disciplined, organized, able to deal with lots of requests, and successful with tight deadlines. You’re excited to innovate and believe in ensuring the highest quality content throughout every experience. You have a knack for creating efficient processes and proactive about helping design them. You're comfortable working with large and sometimes sensitive data sets, and are interested in exploring complex data. You are careful with details, but you think strategically, and can always map what you’re delivering to the big picture. You have a deep understanding of the fundamentals of storytelling, including use of visuals, and can translate abstract concepts into approachable content. You’re excited about the new directions of technology. You're prepared to engage within a supported, collaborative environment with sometimes challenging conversations in order to make sure that all voices are heard and valued in our products and experiences. You are eager to bring your own unique voice to the conversation, and you're a good listener who's prepared to consider unfamiliar viewpoints. Most of all, you care about the people using technology, and making their experiences better. 
Responsibilities 
Write and edit friendly, brilliantly clear UI text & documentation 
Collaborate with team members to develop and manage schedules and deliverables for evaluation projects 
Author text and guidance for features that promote inclusivity and equity 
Evaluate and categorize content sets 
Produce principled articulation to help guide design and development 
Use multiple sources of customer data to inform content strategy as well as day-to-day optimizations 
Understand and evangelize our content model, content types, and brand voice 
Identify opportunities for content additions, improvements, and innovations and effectively pitch those ideas to the team, to partners, and to stakeholders 
Perform functional and editorial quality assurance on content as appropriate 
Qualifications 
Requirements 
2+ years of professional, volunteer, or personal experience with a project, group, or organization made up of individuals who join together based on backgrounds, experiences, or demographic factors related to gender, race, ethnicity, or other identity groups
 Demonstrated experience through the study of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, AI & Ethics, responsible technology, ethical design, or other relevant areas of focus 
Demonstrated experience leading or managing schedules and deliverables
 3+ years of experience writing for instructional, conversational, and storytelling purposes (e.g., creative fiction, playwriting, screenwriting, journalism, interpretive/museum design) 
Demonstrated experience writing intermediate-complexity equations in Excel 
Exposure to machine learning, AI, or other intelligence-driven design and development 
Track record of delivering creative experiences on tight deadlines 
Proficiency with Microsoft Office products 
Portfolio of writing, content, and/or ML samples 
Additional qualifications 
Experience or interest in learning SQL or other database querying 
Inquisitive passion for modern technology 
Experience, training, or exposure to Design Thinking methodology and Inclusive Design 
Experience in customer research 
Flexible, versatile writing across form factors, subject matter, and audiences 
Experience with instructional video, graphics, and visuals 
Ability to represent content strategy as an integral part of iterative product development 
Creative collaboration and problem-solving skills 
#MicrosoftATL 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Designer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Microsoft in Atlanta, GA Senior Designer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
