
 
 
 
 Sr. VBA Developer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. VBA Developer State Street 2,903 reviews Boston, MA State Street 2,903 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are looking for
 A VBA developer with 7+ years of experience developing automation solutions in Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Access using VBA. The developer will be located in Boston and work within a global team of automation specialists to develop and maintain automations that automate business processes to reduce risk and create capacity.
 What you will be responsible for
 As Senior VBA Developer you will
 Develop new automation tools using VBA and .Net
 Maintain and update existing automations developed using VBA and .Net
 Provide support to business users using existing automation tools
 Work directly with business to gather requirements and solve problems using automation
 What we value
 These skills will help you succeed in this role
 Expert knowledge of the VBA programming language
 Experience developing solutions in both Excel and Access
 Strong knowledge of industry best practices
 Strong communication and documentation skills
 Ability to work independently in a fast-paced development environment
 Education & Preferred Qualifications
 Bachelor’s in computer science or equivalent experience
 7+ years of experience developing Microsoft Office automations
 Additional requirements
 .Net VSTO experience is a plus
 Python experience is a plus
 A working knowledge of git is a plus
 Why this role is important to us
 Our technology function, Global Technology Services (GTS), is vital to State Street and is the key enabler for our business to deliver data and insights to our clients. We’re driving the company’s digital transformation and expanding business capabilities using industry best practices and advanced technologies such as cloud, artificial intelligence and robotics process automation.
 We offer a collaborative environment where technology skills and innovation are valued in a global organization. We’re looking for top technical talent to join our team and deliver creative technology solutions that help us become an end-to-end, next-generation financial services company.
 Join us if you want to grow your technical skills, solve real problems and make your mark on our industry.
 About State Street
 What we do.  State Street is one of the largest custodian banks, asset managers and asset intelligence companies in the world. From technology to product innovation we’re making our mark on the financial services industry. For more than two centuries, we’ve been helping our clients safeguard and steward the investments of millions of people. We provide investment servicing, data & analytics, investment research & trading and investment management to institutional clients.
 Work, Live and Grow.  We make all efforts to create a great work environment. Our benefits packages are competitive and comprehensive. Details vary in locations, but you may expect generous medical care, insurance and savings plans among other perks. You’ll have access to flexible Work Program to help you match your needs. And our wealth of development programs and educational support will help you reach your full potential.
 Inclusion, Diversity and Social Responsibility.  We truly believe our employees’ diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients. We warmly welcome the candidates of diverse origin, background, ability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and personality. Another fundamental value at State Street is active engagement with our communities around the world, both as a partner and a leader. You will have tools to help balance your professional and personal life, paid volunteer days, matching gift program and access to employee networks that help you stay connected to what matters to you.
 State Street is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
 Discover more at StateStreet.com/careers State Street 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Developer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at State Street in Boston, MA Senior Developer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from State Street State Street 2,903 reviews From technology and product innovation to corporate responsibility and community development, we’re making our mark on the financial serv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
