
 
 
 
 Solutions Data Scientist - Menlo Park, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Solutions Data Scientist One Concern Menlo Park, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description One Concern is a Menlo Park-based benevolent artificial intelligence company with a mission to save lives and livelihoods before, during and after disasters. Founded at Stanford University, One Concern enables cities, corporations and citizens to embrace a disaster-free future, through AI-enabled technology, policy and finance. By combining data science and natural phenomena science we are pursuing a vision for planetary-scale resilience, where everyone lives in a safe, equitable, and sustainable world. 
One Concern is growing rapidly and is looking for passionate, motivated and high reaching people to join our team. Our engineering challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and excited to create scalable solutions and systems that support customers across industries. 
One Concern’s Solutions Team is seeking a curious, resourceful and creative solutions intrapreneur who thrives on rapid prototyping breaking down complex business challenges from customers and solving them using cross-disciplinary engineering and data science skills. You will be challenged daily to identify emerging value propositions by looking at market trends and by translating customer needs using One Concern’s core technology. 
 
 This role is highly cross-disciplinary and requires an ability to achieve buy-in from internal stakeholders on customer needs, work with internal or external experts ,  synthesize and present results to internal teams and clients, as well as communicate methods, validations, and limitations to these stakeholders. As such, experience working as a B2B industry client facing data scientist, engineer, builder, or analyst is required. You will form strong relationships internally with various executives and stakeholders across our HQ and offices in the US and Japan and external clients 
 What you will do 
Keep up-to-date on the latest data engineering architectures and data science models, methods and validation methodologies by interacting routinely with Engineering and Data Science teams. 
Support pre-sales and post-sales efforts to deliver analysis to solve client business problems using One Concern technology and explain analyses, methods, validations, and limitations to clients 
Conduct quantitative research and business analysis for new opportunities and markets alongside the Solutions Strategist and Business Team. 
Travel to clients and support Solutions Strategists and business development reps to field technical questions and provide details on our technical solutions. You will be the customer-facing representative of our technology teams. 
Independently drive innovative data science analyses from the ground-up using internal and external data sources and work with Solutions team members to create client-ready materials 
Support post-sales efforts to configure One Concern products for clients and deliver additional analysis to satisfy customer needs working closely with Customer Success and the Solutions Strategist.
 Requirements 
MS in Engineering with experience in AI / Machine Learning / Statistical Modeling - expertise in physics-based/geospatial modeling preferred 
2-3 years of software or data science and engineering experience 
1-3 years of client-facing consultant experience. 
Experience working with Fortune 500 multinational customers, banking, or insurance customers to independently conceptualize and build analytical solutions 
Entrepreneurial, creative, and innovative mindset for identifying new opportunities and scrappy approaches to solve complex problems 
Strong attention to detail, ownership and accountability in his or her work 
Experience rapidly prototyping interdisciplinary high-fidelity proof-of-concepts 
Mission driven 
 Nice to Have 
PhD in Engineering with experience in AI / Machine Learning / Statistical Modeling 
Previous entrepreneurial experience starting your own venture 
Experience competing and/or winning at startup weekends or hackathons 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. One Concern 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at One Concern in Menlo Park, CA Data Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from One Concern One Concern, Inc. fundamentally changes the way society plans for, responds to, and recovers from all types of emergencies and natural di... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
