
 
 
 
 Technical Specialist - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Specialist Microsoft 7,140 reviews United States Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description What Joining the Microsoft Team Means : 
Microsoft is a company where passionate innovators come to collaborate, envision what can be and take their careers to levels they cannot achieve anywhere else. This is a world of more possibilities, more innovation, more openness, and sky's the-limit thinking a cloud-enabled world. 
At Microsoft we have unique capabilities to meet the needs of both individuals and organizations. We care deeply about taking our ideals and vision around the globe, and to make a difference in peoples' lives and organizations in all corners of the planet. Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet. 
Are you insatiably curious? Do you embrace uncertainty, take risks, and learn quickly from your mistakes? Do you collaborate well with others, knowing that better solutions come from working together? Do you stand in awe of what humans dare to achieve, and are you motivated every day to empower others to achieve more through technology and innovation? Are you ready to join a team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? 
The reinvention of business processes is a growth engine for Microsoft cloud services. The mission of Microsoft Business Applications is to help our customers digitally transform their businesses to drive new sources of revenue, create new and engaging ways to serve their customers, and to transform the way in which their business runs to drive new levels of profitability for their organization. 
Are you ready to join a double-digit growth cloud business? Microsoft Business Applications cloud is recognized by analysts as a leader in the Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Enterprise Relationship Management (ERP) and application platform space. Trusted by global businesses as their platform of choice, Microsoft Business Applications uniquely enables customers to optimize their operations, engage their customers, empower their people and transform their products. It’s a new data-driven world, and Microsoft is the only platform built from the ground up with data and intelligence at the center. Microsoft Business Application solutions include virtually unlimited data sources from customers’ applications including legacy, first and third-party, vendor, customer and many more. This unified approach to data and intelligence enables customers to make informed proactive business decisions with deep insights powered by artificial intelligence and industry-leading analytics (Power BI) resulting in the following key customer benefits: 
Create impact faster : Deliver more impact in less time by quickly deploying solutions, or augmenting existing
 
ones, to enable teams to accelerate business results and increase time to value. 
 Break through barriers : Take a data-first approach with unified data that leverages Microsoft AI to
 deliver insights & actions that help create better customer experiences. 
 Adapt to anything : agility to react and respond to new business priorities, market conditions and customer
 opportunities with rapidly deployable solutions. 
 Innovate everywhere : Solve problems with powerful solutions only possible with the Microsoft Cloud enabling interoperable solutions across multiple lines of business. 
Throughout this job posting you will encounter the terms “workload” & “workload solution expertise”. These are defined as deep functional/technical experience in one of the following solutions from any software publisher including Microsoft -  Customer Engagement : Sales, Marketing, Customer Service and/or Field Service;  Finance & Operations : Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Retail/Commerce, Finance. 
Microsoft Business Applications is uniquely positioned as the worldwide leader in enterprise solutions differentiated by our data-first and artificial intelligence-driven platform that can leverage an unlimited number of customer data sources. 
The  Technical Specialist  role is the ideal place to leverage your passion for being a member of a dynamic sales team that is bringing true digital transformation to customers. 
You will be a technically intense workload expert within the Microsoft enterprise sales organization working with our most important customers. You play a key role in the total sales cycle by helping them with their end-to-end business
 
transformation needs through envisioning, designing and demonstrating solutions mapped to business value within the area of your workload expertise. Executing with excellence you will collaborate across the sales opportunity journey with the Business Applications sales team, Microsoft partners and ISVs, other Technical Specialists and our Customer Success team. 
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit: Culture | Microsoft Careers 
Check out all our products: https://careers.microsoft.com/ 
 Who We Are Looking For 
To excel in the Technical Specialist role you must have the following traits and abilities: 
Technically Intense Workload Expert  - Deep functional, technical and process-level knowledge and extensive demonstration experience in your workload. 
Strategic & Proactive Pursuit Team Member  - Strategic thinker with proactive engagement throughout the pursuit sales cycle; removes blockers, challenges the status quo, unblocks design/technical stalemates, brings clarity from
 
ambiguity displaying a growth mindset. 
Technical Team Collaborator  – Collaborates with a pursuit team of technically intense workload experts including Technical Specialists with expertise other than yours, co-sell partners and Independent Software Vendors to design and
 
demonstrate a solution that maps business value with the end-to-end business transformation needs of the customer. 
Customer-centric Solution Designer  - Employs Design Thinking principles centered on customer business outcomes. 
Differentiated & Business Value/Outcome-driven Demonstrator  - Expert in demonstrating solution capabilities and associated business value addressing customer business decision maker persona needs/pains. Demonstrates
 
differentiation and the value of Business Applications workload solutions 
Responsibilities 
Job Responsibilities 
The Technical Specialist  is a key member of the Business Applications sales pursuit team and is a strategic thinker,
 
proactive problem solver, sales & technical roadblock resolver displaying a growth mindset with deep functional and
 
technical knowledge in the workload. 
The following are the role responsibilities for the Microsoft Business Applications Technical Specialist: 
Assist Business Applications Sales Executive in RFP Response and in Envisioning Solution : 
Assist Business Applications Sales Executive in delivering compelling RFP/RFI response, in envisioning solution using ISV components, by assembling and collaborating with a technical pursuit team that includes partner and
 ISV resources. 
Design Customer-centric Solution Aligned with Envisioned Solution & Business Value 
 Secure a customer agreement to a Solution Design built with alignment to the customer-agreed digital transformation journey by partnering with the technical pursuit team ensuring alignment to envisioned solution
 and business value. 
Deliver a Customer-centric Demonstration 
Receive a standing ovation by delivering a compelling solution demonstration emphasizing business value aligned to the designed solution. Ensure demonstration follows Tell-Show-Vision model and has an end-to-end view building opportunities for seeding and expansion after initial sale. 
Work with Customer Success/Partner Team on Deployment Plan 
 
 Assist Business Applications Sales Executive (if required) in reviewing licensing proposal. Collaborate with Customer Success team and Partner to ensure the customer agreed deployment plan maps to Key Performance
 Indicators (KPI). 
Qualifications 
Experience 
 Minimum 3-5+ years’ of applicable workload expertise with one or more of the following: technical presales, post sales consulting or relevant company/customer IT application implementation or management Driving and designing a solution strategy as part of the overall opportunity lifecycle Extensive collaboration with technical pursuit teams designing cloud-based customer solutions Success working with customers/stakeholders in presales or consulting engagements related to business
 applications workloads 
 Proven success demonstrating differentiated solution value and competitive advantage Delivering customer-facing technical workload demonstrations to enterprise decision makers Desirable but not required – workload certifications/degrees 
Deep understanding of : 
 Business solutions (CRM/ERP) workload expertise in one or more of the following: Sales, Marketing, Customer
 Service, Field Service, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Retail/Commerce and/or Finance and how these solutions
 
help customers achieve their desired business outcomes 
 Business value selling methodologies and practices mapped to customer persona pains/issues to uncover
 customer’s stated and unstated needs 
 Commercial cloud offerings, ideally Microsoft’s cloud platform, as well as competitive knowledge of other business applications solutions and related ecosystems 
Desired skills: 
 Excellent presentation and communications skills across various customer stakeholders; experienced storyteller.
 Customer-centric mindset with demonstrated passion for delivering customer value . Ability to bring innovative technical solution ideas to customer problemsExperienced problem solver able to thrive in a fast-paced environment 
Growth mindset, insatiably curious, always learning and welcoming of challenges for the opportunity to grow 
Bachelor’s degree or relevant work experience 
Your Onboarding Process 
 
Microsoft provides extensive world class onboarding & readiness designed to help you extend your existing technical workload skills with Microsoft Business Application product knowledge. You’ll attend an in-depth onboarding program designed to help you become a technical expert in your Business Applications workload. 
 
Our onboarding program will give you the knowledge and resources necessary to deliver successful customer solution 
designs and presentations as you start your exciting next career step at Microsoft! 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Specialist jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Technical Specialist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
