
 
 
 
 SAP FTM Analyst - Burbank, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SAP FTM Analyst Capgemini 8,255 reviews Burbank, CA Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
The SAP Finance Team Member/Lead requires an in-depth knowledge of all the core SAP FI modules including New GL, Asset Accounting, Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable. The candidate should also have a good understanding of CO processes, especially in the areas of Cost Center Accounting and Internal Order accounting and its integration with FI. Having experience working with S/4 HANA will be an added advantage. 
The SAP FI Team Member requires an in-depth knowledge of accounting business processes and the following FI module configuration experience including but not limited to: 
General Ledger Parallel ledgers, Document splitting, period end closing activities, foreign currency revaluation, integration with third party systems to post journal entries 
Accounts Payable Expertise in payment run and configuration, integration with Materials Management, related conversions, integration with Banks including payment files, Electronic bank statements, positive pay, check payments 
Accounts Receivable Thorough understanding of end to end OTC process and FI integration with SD, incoming payments including Lockbox 
Asset Accounting At least one project experience implementing Asset Accounting in US including legacy asset transfer. Should understand all the primary configuration and data needs for Asset accounting. 
Controlling Cost Center Accounting, Internal Order Accounting, COPA. Product Cost Controlling will be a plus. 
FSCM Credit, Collections and Dispute management experience. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in Burbank, CA Jobs at Capgemini in Burbank, CA Analyst salaries in Burbank, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
