
 
 
 
 Theory Scientist - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Theory Scientist General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews San Diego, CA General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies. 
 General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies. 
 
The GA Theory and Computational Science Department conducts fundamental research in the theory of fusion plasmas and facilitates scientific discovery through advanced computing. Located at the site of the DIII-D National Fusion Facility, the group provides theoretical and simulation and modeling support to DIII-D, as well as to ITER and other fusion experiments worldwide. 
 
We currently have an opportunity for an experienced Scientist to lead and carry out research and development in a broad arrays of areas including kinetic theory, pedestal/boundary physics, plasma-material interaction, plasma and neutral fluid numerical simulation, integrated simulation and modeling, 3D MHD, as well as associated numerical methods, machine-learning (ML) and artificial-intelligence (AI) techniques, and applied mathematics. The research focus area is flexible depending on both the applicants’ skills and programmatic opportunities. This position is responsible for initiating and developing effective theoretical and computational approaches with limited direction for solving a wide range of challenging scientific problems related to both tokamak magnetic fusion – including DIII-D, ITER, EXCITE, FPP and other fusion concepts – as well as more general numerical simulation of fluid and kinetic systems and AI research.
 
 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Leads one or more of the following 
Leads the development and integration of boundary, pedestal, 3D MHD, plasma-material interaction, kinetics, and/or core physics codes and their applications to support integrated simulation of tokamak experiments and future devices including DIII-D. ITER, EXCITE, and FPP. 
Leads the ongoing development of GA HPC codes and performs verification and validation.
 Leads the development of theoretical approaches for the description of plasma and fluid equations, as well as numerical methods to solve the resulting equations. 
Optimizes codes for multicore (OpenMP) and GPU (OpenACC/CUDA) systems. 
Leads applications of modern approaches to ML and AI to assist in the development of advanced reduced models. 
Presents and publishes research results at professional meetings and refereed journals. 
Provides documentation and makes technical presentations as required, and collaborates in the development of proposals for new or the expansion of existing business opportunities.
 Leads activities of moderately experienced professional staff within the DIII-D team and Theory Group. 
Performs other duties as assigned or required. 
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. 
 Job Qualifications: 
Typically requires a Bachelor degree, Master degree, or PhD in scientific or related technical field and progressively complex scientific experience as follows; nine or more years of experience with a Bachelor degree and seven or more years of experience with a Master degree. Equivalent scientific experience may be substituted in lieu of education.
 Must demonstrate; (1) an extensive technical expertise and application of relevant scientific principles, concepts, theory, and codes; (2) the ability to organize, plan, schedule, conduct, and coordinate workloads to meet established deadlines or milestones; and, (3) the ability to provide leadership and guidance to moderately experienced professionals.
 Must possess the ability to; (1) understand new concepts quickly and apply them accurately throughout an evolving environment; (2) determine the appropriate approach at the project level to provide solutions to a range of complex problems; (3) Capability of representing the organization as a prime technical contact; and, (4) and the ability to provide leadership and guidance to less experienced professionals. 
Must have strong communication, computer, documentation, presentation, and interpersonal skills, ability to work independently and as part of a team; able to perform complex tasks in scientific areas. 
Familiarity with modern programming languages. 
Original work(s) published in professional scientific journals or formal technical equivalents. 
Able to work extended hours and travel as required. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in San Diego, CA Scientist salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Atomics and Affiliated Companies General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of privately-held General Atomics, is a leading manufacturer of Unmanne... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
