
 
 
 
 AI Engineer - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Engineer SphereOI Studios McLean, VA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description SphereOI is a culture of Artificial Intelligence mixed with some actual intelligence. 
 
Our studios engineer highly advanced AI/ML solutions for clients in several exciting industries. We help these industries realize the full promise of AI through superior engineering and novel thinking. At SphereOI, we cover all phases of innovation, from the fuzzy front-end of AI strategy all the way to building AI for operations. We are geeks, creators, and inventors who build intelligent stuff. 
This position is for an  AI Engineer  who will work with our science and software development studios to deliver cutting-edge solutions. As an AI Engineer you will, over time, draw on your skills in statistics, traditional machine learning, deep neural networks, NLP, and other algorithms to solve our client’s most critical challenges. Data, big and small, is a ubiquitous element, and familiarity with modern data architecture and query languages is important. 
 
What You Will Be Doing: 
Learning new domains and problems 
Experimenting with models and data 
Collaborating with other experts 
Developing reference and production implementations of models and pipelines 
Presenting at weekly demos and various sessions 
Supporting production engineering teams and developing automated tests 
Building things 
 
What You Need For This Position: 
Talent for artificial intelligence/machine learning; CNN's are a plus 
Hands-on experience selecting, tuning, validating models with TensorFlow 
Experience with Python, TensorFlow and PyTorch; Other languages (e.g. R, C#, Java) are a plus 
Bachelor’s degree in artificial intelligence, math, statistics, physics, economics or computer science 
 
 About SphereOI Studios: 
 
 SphereOI Studios is an award winning digital studio that develops data responsive solutions with deep analytics and artificial intelligence. We believe that data science that aligns with business value can increase market share and pricing power, enhance customer engagement or completely transform a product category. We fuse data strategy with data science and design driven innovation to create customer technologies for commercial and federal customers. SphereOI Studios 9 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at SphereOI Studios in McLean, VA Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SphereOI Studios Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
