
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer - Maplewood, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer 3M 4,352 reviews Maplewood, MN Remote 3M 4,352 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description:
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer
 Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World
 Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 96,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.
 “A long-lasting career at 3M comes from having vision, imagination and the ability to see what doesn’t exist. 3Mers are groundbreaking innovators and it’s important that we give every person the space for disruptive and creative thinking.” – John Banovetz, senior vice president and chief technology officer at 3M
 This position provides an opportunity to transition from other private, public, government or military environments to a 3M career.
 The Impact You’ll Make in this Role
 
As an Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer you will be a part of a team developing world-class processes and tools integrating machine learning and statistical computing into everyday business critical operations ranging from inventory optimization to omnichannel marketing optimization. You will play a critical role in architecting & developing cloud solutions that employ the latest machine learning and AI technologies. Here, you will make an impact by:
 Designing, planning, developing, implementing, and maintaining artificial intelligence, deep learning, machine learning, and statistical processes against business requirements
 Innovating at the intersection of statistics, AI, and complex systems optimization
 Working with cross-functional business and technical teams to apply your unique skills to drive new to the world data science capabilities and drive business results.
 Engages with the Product Owner and program stakeholders to develop acceptance criteria for features and user stories to meet business requirements. Actively participates in all Agile ceremonies
 Your Skills and Expertise
 
To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M requires (at a minimum) the following qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree or higher (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution and Three (3) years experience in applied ML in a private, public, government or military environment OR Highschool Diploma (or equivalent) (completed and verified prior to start) from an accredited institution and Six (6) years experience in applied ML in a Private, public, government or military environment
 Four (4) years of enterprise level software development experience in a private, public, government or military environment
 One (1) year experience with big data systems like Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Databricks, or other large-scale data processing engines.
 Experience building and deploying highly scalable systems, algorithms, and tools on platforms to support machine learning and deep learning solutions.
 Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
 Experience developing software that employs statistical computing/data science toolsets including R and Python
 Experience with programming data engineering languages like Java, Scala, C# and SQL.
 Excellent understanding of AI techniques and algorithms, such as deep learning, machine learning, and predictive analytics.
 Completed graduate course(s) in statistical computing, machine learning, advanced experimental design, and multivariate analysis
 Experience with Multi-armed bandit (MAB) problem space
 Travel: May include up to  5% domestic/international
 Relocation Assistance: May be authorized
 Location: Maplewood, MN and may consider remote U.S. work location
 Must be legally authorized to work in country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status).
 Supporting Your Well-being
 3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
 Resources for You
 For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.
 Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.
 Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.
 3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
 Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
 3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement 
 
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms. 3M 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Maplewood, MN Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Maplewood, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from 3M 3M 4,352 reviews 3M is a global science company that never stops inventing. Using 46 technology platforms, our integrated team of scientists and researche... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
