
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Researcher - Santa Clara, CA 95054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Researcher Ericsson 6,505 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95054 Ericsson 6,505 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As the tech firm that created the mobile world, and with more than 54,000 patents to our name, we’ve made it our business to make a mark. When joining our team at Ericsson you are empowered to learn, lead and perform at your best, shaping the future of technology. This is a place where you're welcomed as your own perfectly unique self, and celebrated for the skills, talent, and perspective you bring to the team. Are you in? 
Come, and be where it begins. 
Ericsson Research is looking for highly motivated and hardworking Artificial Intelligence Researchers, bringing AI & Machine Learning to mobile networks. Together we’ll be pushing technology frontiers, combining machine learning and reasoning methods, tools, and techniques to drive intelligent autonomous operations in large complex telecom systems. 
If you are you well acquainted with the scientific method, and publish your results in scientific conferences or journals. 
Wish to apply those skills to tackle real and complex problems with high societal impact. 
And aim to inspire and lead research for the future 5G, IoT and Cloud systems. 
Then come talk to us! 
We are seeking for a passionate researcher to join us in this exciting journey! We are working on a global scale to recruit the best talent and work with the top tier universities and customers. 
We pride ourselves in providing a supportive team environment where individual contributors are given the maximal opportunity to excel and develop their technical skills. As a researcher in the AI Research team, have the freedom to think big and the support to turn ideas into achievements. Become a member of a successful global research team as a technical leader, and work as part of this team to create a compelling research agenda and carry it out. Your contributions will include developing innovative AI algorithms/solutions and systems to address research challenges in realizing our Zero-Touch Network and Service Management Vision with applications in 5G, Cloud and IoT; prototyping and communicating your work to the Ericsson business units, global customers, standardization groups, and at technical conferences. 
Here’s what we are looking for in a successful candidate: 
Key Qualifications 
PhD in Computer Science or any related technical field (candidates with equivalent practical work experience will be considered). 
Strong programming skills in Python, Java or C/C++. 
Experience in applying AI and ML techniques on time series analysis (anomaly detection, prediction), explainable decision making, computer vision or speech processing. 
Understanding of the AI open-source communities and practical experience with some of them such as scikit-learn, TensorFlow, pytorch, pandas, Spark, MLlib, etc. 
Ability to scope, follow and execute on a research agenda 
Additional qualifications 
Publication record in AI or related fields including machine learning, computer vision, neural networks, deep learning. 
Active participation in open-source communities related to AI 
Experience with telecom industry 
About the team, 
The Ericsson Research team is the central research organization within Ericsson. Our mission is to provide Ericsson with advanced system concepts, technology and methodology and to secure long term competitive product positioning. Best-in-class research and innovation is achieved through collaboration within Ericsson and with partners, customers, universities and research institutes. We are a truly global organization, offering a diverse culture and an innovative and engaging environment. 
Here are some benefits... 
Here at Ericsson, our culture is built on over a century of courageous decisions. With us, no longer be dreaming of what the future holds – but redefining it. Won’t be developing for the status quo, but building what replaces it. Joining us is a way to move your career in any direction desired; with hundreds of career opportunities in locations all over the world, in a company where co-creation and collaboration are embedded into the walls. A speak-up environment where empathy and humanness serve as cornerstones for how we work, and where work-life balance is a priority. Welcome to an inclusive, global company where opportunities to make an impact are endless. 
After applying: 
To prepare for the next steps, please explore here: https://www.ericsson.com/en/careers/job-opportunities/hiring-process 
DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this position. They are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for this position, and may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager. 
We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing. 
We provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, religion, political opinion, nationality, ethnic background, social origin, social status, indigenous status, disability, age, union membership or employee representation and any other characteristic protected by local law or Ericsson’s Code of Business Ethics. 
Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) 
If you need assistance or to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or  (866) 374-2272  for further assistance. 
Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Santa Clara || [[mfield2]] Ericsson 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Ericsson in Santa Clara, CA Researcher salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ericsson Ericsson 6,505 reviews Ericsson is one of the leading providers of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) to service providers. We enable the full value... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
