
 
 
 
 Quality Assurance Engineer II - Amazon Connect - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Assurance Engineer II - Amazon Connect Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field. 
 3+ years in a development or development testing role. 
 Experience with Java, web technologies (HTML, JavaScript, etc), multi-threaded programming. 
 Experience with UI Test Automation with Selenium or other automation framework 
 Experience developing test strategies, test plans and test cases 
 Experience using and creating testing frameworks. 
 Experience writing automated tests and canaries. 
 Experience driving quality through process, instrumentation, requirements and testing 
 Experience driving resolution across teams of issues uncovered during testing. 
 
Are you inspired to work with a team than launches products with direct and massive impact on Amazon’s customers? Are you excited to join one of the newest and most exciting AWS services?
 
Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences. Amazon Connect is the result of the ten years of development that went into building the tools Amazon uses to provide its award winning customer service at massive scale and launching it as a publicly available AWS service. With Amazon Connect, you can create your own cloud-based contact center and be taking calls in minutes. Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience. With this technology, we are transforming an industry and the way customers interact with businesses and how agents service them.
 See our section in Andy Jassy 2020 re:  Invent keynote
 
We have a rapidly growing customer base and an exciting charter in front of us that includes solving highly complex engineering problems delivering great customer experience.
 Amazon Connect team is looking for someone that has passion for driving high quality product experiences. As an experienced QAE in Amazon Connect, you will to work closely with product and engineering teams to drive and execute test activities that ensure the best customer experience, you will analyze designs and code to develop comprehensive test strategies. You will automate the testing of workflows and building the required test case management and testing automation tools. This includes developing automated tests using black box and white box testing techniques. You should be able to understand software internals, debug problems using log files, and write automated tests with Scripting tools and/or user-level automated tools in a fast space, startup like environment.
 
The position represents a rare opportunity to be a part of a fast-growing business and help shape the technology and product as we grow. You will be playing a crucial role in developing the next generation contact center, and get the opportunity to design and deliver scalable, resilient systems while maintaining a constant customer focus.
 
Learn more about Amazon Connect here.
 
Media coverage on Amazon Connect can be found here, here and here
 Power of Amazon Connect
 
About Us
 Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 Experience with usability best practices; able to influence and improve user experience 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 Familiarity with ReactJS, WebRTC, and GraphQL 
 Experience writing and conducting large scale tests 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Senior Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
