
 
 
 
 ServiceNow Engineer - Pleasanton, CA 94566 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ServiceNow Engineer Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Pleasanton, CA 94566 Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
 The company is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. 
We actively seek a  ServiceNow Engineer  resident in our  Pleasanton   location . 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Position Summary 
ServiceNow Engineer will be responsible to develop, architect solutions, design, enhance, administer and support ServiceNow suite of applications that consists of CSM, ITSM, ITOM, ITBM services using best practices and industry standards. This position will closely work with ServiceNow Lead Engineer and implement the solutions by developing the required soultions and configuring ServiceNow platform for Rimini’s business processes and requirements. 
Essential Duties & Responsibilities 
Lead the business requirements, design, configurations and implementation of ServiceNow platform. 
Analyze, define and document business requirements for functional and technical solutions. 
Design and develop, configure workflows, forms, scripts to meet business requirements using Agile methodologies. 
Collaborate with team members, business stateholders to define, analyze, design business requirements and solutions.
 Build test scripts for various business case scenarios, and support User Acceptance tests and implementation on production. 
Performs management and configuration of ServiceNow applications and modules, product development, service automation, and system integrations. 
Actively collaborates with other teammates to perform code reviews, discuss new developments and projects. 
Support, develop and configure ServiceNow for Customer Service Portal, Incident, Problem, Change management, Asset Management, Configuration Management and Service Catalog. 
Ensure proper maintenance, version upgrades, performance issues for ServiceNow application. 
Serve as subject matter expert of ServiceNow platform.
 Enhance data integrity through effective design, maintenance and security practices. 
Additional Duties & Responsibilities 
Work cross-functionally to integrate ServiceNow with key business applications such as SharePoint, Salesforce, etc. 
Other job related duties and responsibilities may be assigned from time to time. 
Qualifications/Skills/Experience:
 
Location 
Pleasanton, CA 
Education 
Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience. 
Experience 
5 - 7 Years of experience with ServiceNow platform in the areas of configuration, design, development, implementation, administration, and support 
Skills 
Ability to manage multiple priorities efficiently and effectively 
Experience with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) 
Strong documentation and training skills 
Strong communication skills 
Strong creative problem solving skills 
 Desired Qualifications 
Certification in ServiceNow Administration, Implementer (Preferred)
 Working knowledge of ServiceNow CSM, ITSM, ITOM, ITBM modules 
Thorough understanding of Customer support/ITIL/ITSM processes 
Company Description:
 
Rimini Street, Inc. (Nasdaq: RMNI) is a global provider of enterprise software products and services, the leading third-party support provider for Oracle and SAP software products and a Salesforce partner. The Company offers premium, ultra-responsive and integrated application management and support services that enable enterprise software licensees to save significant costs, free up resources for innovation and achieve better business outcomes. To date, more than 4,000 Fortune 500, Fortune Global 100, midmarket, public sector and other organizations from a broad range of industries have relied on Rimini Street as their trusted application enterprise software products and services provider. 
Rimini Street is widely recognized by clients, leading industry analysts (including Gartner, Forrester, Constellation Research and Nucleus), and financial analysts as the leader in a large, fast growing market with tremendous upside and an extremely strong value proposition that resonates with CIOs and CFOs. According to Gartner, the third-party support market will grow to $1.05 billion by 2023, a 200% increase. With tight IT budgets and flat global economic growth, IT and procurement professionals are actively looking for proven methods to cut costs while improving service. Rimini Street enables organizations to free up budget for strategic business initiatives by delivering savings of up to 90 percent on total maintenance and support costs, and to date, the company has saved organizations over $5 billion in total maintenance costs since its inception. 
We’re building something special at Rimini Street. A company where people care about each other and trust each other to do the right thing. A company where highly intelligent and talented people come together to do challenging and meaningful work that makes a real difference to our clients, ending each day with a sense of achievement and balance in their lives. 
Be Treated Like the Best 
Rimini Street hires only the best – and provides the compensation, bonus and benefit programs appropriate for proven top-performing professionals. We want our employees to have an opportunity to share in the financial success that results from our dedication to service excellence, high-quality deliverables and an unparalleled client experience 
No bureaucracy, thousand-page rule books or politics — just everyone working together to build a great company through service excellence and client success 
Work hard, play hard environment – Rimini Street is a group of hard-working professionals who are passionate about achieving success, but we also enjoy opportunities to meet up at fun company events 
We are also passionate about giving back to our communities around the world, with plenty of opportunities for volunteering and charity through the Rimini Street Foundation 
All Rimini Street professionals are encouraged to grow and learn new skills 
Accelerating Company Growth 
Trading on Nasdaq under ticker symbol RMNI since October 2017 
Added to the US Russell 2000® Index in 2018 
Over 4,000 clients, to date including 100 of the Fortune 500 and Global 100 
Annual 2021 financial results of $326.8 million, up 16.3% year over year 
Fiscal year operating cash flow of $42.1 million, up 107% year over year 
Announced the new patent pending Rimini Street Artificial Intelligence Support Applications, a result of the Company’s continued investment in optimizing support processes and ensuring global service delivery outcomes at scale. Using the AI Applications, Rimini Street has been able to deliver a better client experience and reduce software issue resolution times by 23%. 
Celebrated the 15th anniversary of the Company’s founding in 2005 to redefine the enterprise software support market and bring choice and value to software licensees around the world. 
 Recent Industry Recognition 
Received 33 awards in 2020, including 15 awards for excellence in customer service from awards companies such as the International Stevie Awards, the American Stevie Awards, and the Stevie Awards for Sales & Customer Service
 Honored with four Gold awards for Company of the Year in 2020.
 The Rimini Street Foundation recognized with two awards in 2020 for Corporate Social Responsibility Program of the Year 
In addition, in 2020 the Company supported more than 120 charities around the world through the Rimini Street Foundation, providing financial contributions, volunteer hours and in-kind donations including personal protective equipment to healthcare workers, senior centers, food banks and youth organizations globally. The Foundation also extended its charitable work in 2020 to Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mozambique, Sweden and the UAE. 
To learn more about how Rimini Street is redefining the enterprise software support industry, visit http://www.riministreet.com 
Rimini Street is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender or gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
Please Note: Rimini Street does not accept resumes submitted by recruiting/staffing firms unless specifically requested by Human Resources. Unsolicited resumes will be ineligible for referral fees. Rimini Street, Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job ServiceNow Developer jobs in Pleasanton, CA Jobs at Rimini Street in Pleasanton, CA ServiceNow Developer salaries in Pleasanton, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rimini Street, Inc. Rimini Street, Inc. 47 reviews Rimini Street is the leading independent provider of enterprise software support services, offering superior service and 50% cost savings Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
