
 
 
 
 Theory Manager - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Theory Manager General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews San Diego, CA General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies. 
 
The GA Theory and Computational Science Department conducts fundamental research in the theory of fusion plasmas and facilitates scientific discovery through advanced computing. Located at the site of the DIII-D National Fusion Facility, the group provides theoretical and simulation and modeling support to DIII-D, as well as to ITER and other fusion experiments worldwide. 
 
We currently have an opportunity for a Branch Manager within the Theory and Computational Science Department. The Branch Managers are responsible for managing research and development in a broad array of areas including kinetic theory, pedestal/boundary physics, plasma-material interaction, plasma and neutral fluid numerical simulation, integrated simulation and modeling, 3D MHD physics, as well as associated numerical methods, machine-learning (ML) and artificial-intelligence (AI) techniques, and applied mathematics. The Branch research focus area depends on both the applicants’ skills and programmatic opportunities. The successful applicant will work with the Department Director and other Branch Managers to manage the Branch research direction, budget oversight, staff development and growth, and attracting new talent into the branch. 
 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Provides oversight and leadership of the Branch. 
Develops and overseeing the goals, content, and execution of the research program within the Branch.
 Manages Branch activities including planning and technical performance to ensure quality, business, and financial objectives are attained. 
Maintains a high level of scientific research within the Branch, including ensuring excellent quality publications and presentations at appropriate scientific and technical venues, and maintaining an appropriate technical review of publishable work. 
Interacts with Department Director, and other Branch Managers concerning matters of significance to the Department. 
Participates and collaborates with other Branch Managers in the preparation of proposals, business plans, proposal work statements and specifications, operating budgets and financial terms/conditions of contract(s). 
Participates and collaborates with other Branch Managers in the development of new business opportunities and expansion of existing business opportunities.
 Builds and grows the Branch including planning, selection, retention and development of a highly effective team. 
Identifies scientific issues and provides leadership in developing solutions such as re-allocation of resources or modifying contract specifications. 
Performs other duties as assigned or required. 
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply. 
 Job Qualifications: 
Bachelors, Masters or PhD in science or a related technical field as well as eleven or more years of progressively complex experience in science with at least five of those years having management responsibilities. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education. 
Demonstrates technical expertise in the application of relevant scientific principles, concepts, theory, computation techniques, and practice as well as project management and leadership skills including organizing, planning, scheduling, and coordinating workloads to meet established deadlines or milestones.
 Must possess the ability to resolve complex management and technical problems.
 Strong communication, leadership, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required to enable an effective interface with other Branches and Departments, all levels of management, professional and support staff, customers, potential customers, and government representatives.
 Strong publication record in fusion plasma theory and simulations. 
Strong computation experience including HPC, GPU, and ML/AI. 
Ability to lead, coordinate and support scientific grant proposals. 
Must be able to work on a self-initiated basis and in a team environment, and able to work extended hours and travel as required. General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manager jobs in San Diego, CA Manager salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Atomics and Affiliated Companies General Atomics and Affiliated Companies 603 reviews General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of privately-held General Atomics, is a leading manufacturer of Unmanne... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
