
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Performance Software Engineer, Inference - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Performance Software Engineer, Inference NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a Deep Learning Inference-Kernel and Performance Software Engineer.
 We are rapidly growing our research and development for Inference and are seeking excellent Software Engineers and Senior Software Engineers to join our team. We specialize in developing GPU-accelerated Deep learning software. Researchers around the world are using NVIDIA GPUs to power a revolution in deep learning, enabling breakthroughs in numerous areas. Join the team that builds software to enable these new solutions. Collaborate with the deep learning community to implement the latest algorithms for public release in Tensor-RT. Your ability to work in a dynamic customer-oriented team is required and excellent communication skills are necessary.
 What you'll be doing:
 Develop highly optimized deep learning kernels for inference.
 Do performance optimization, analysis, and tuning.
 Work with cross-collaborative teams across automotive, image understanding, and speech understanding to develop innovative solutions.
 Occasionally travel to conferences and customers for technical consultation and training.
 What we need to see:
 Masters or PhD or equivalent experience in relevant field (Computer Engineering, Computer Science, EECS, AI).
 5 years of relevant software development experience.
 You'll need excellent C/C++ programming and software design skills. SW Agile skills are helpful and Python experience is a plus.
 Prior experience with performance modelling, profiling, debug, and code optimization or architectural knowledge of CPU and GPU.
 GPU programming experience (CUDA or OpenCL) desired.
 Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car powered by artificial intelligence can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an extraordinary time. The era of AI has begun.
 Image recognition and speech recognition — GPU deep learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. The GPU started out as the engine for simulating human imagination, conjuring up the amazing virtual worlds of video games and Hollywood films. Now, Nvidia’s GPU runs deep learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. Just as human imagination and intelligence are linked, computer graphics and artificial intelligence come together in our architecture. Two modes of the human brain, two modes of the GPU. This may explain why Nvidia GPUs are used broadly for deep learning, and Nvidia is increasingly known as “the AI computing company.”
 Come, join our DL Architecture team, where you can help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
