
 
 
 
 Chemical Data Scientist - Watertown, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chemical Data Scientist BioTalent Watertown, MA About the role 
 As a chemical data scientist on this team, you will play a key role in building, validating, and deploying machine learning models to drive the design of oncology therapeutics. To ensure optimal predictive value you will contribute to data collection and acquisition strategy, tightly collaborating with computational and medicinal chemists, structural biologists, biophysicists, and other data scientists to assess druggability, guide synthesis decisions, and design experiments. Additionally, you will drive advances in technology and infrastructure through internal and external engagement to build a world-class data science environment that accelerates the path to medicines. 
 Duties 
 Collaborate with multi-disciplinary teams in the design of medicines. 
 Build quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) models for ADMET, physicochemical properties, selectivity, and potency. 
 Rigorously validate models with the appropriate metrics. 
 Deploy models into a modern service-based cloud infrastructure. 
 Integrate active learning into the design-make-test cycle 
 Maintain software, submit code patches upstream to open-source software as needed 
 Design and develop robust data analysis pipelines and software tools to drive molecule discovery. 
 Survey the literature for novel cheminformatics and QSAR methodology and algorithms, and introduce to the broader team when appropriate. 
 Work collaboratively with the Treeline team to apply and enhance computational infrastructure needed to drive our projects forward. 
 Manage vendor relationships, engage in external collaborations, and set a high standard for internal software engineering. 
 
 Basic Qualifications 
 PhD or equivalent in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Cheminformatics, Computational Chemistry, or related quantitative fields with 2+ years post-PhD experience in the Pharmaceutical/Biotechnology Industry (or MS in one of these fields with 7+ years of related experience). 
 Strong understanding of chemistry, biological assays, drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, toxicology, and statistics. 
 Extensive experience developing and impactfully applying QSAR models to drug discovery. 
 Hands on experience with data aggregation, manipulation, integration, mining, visualization and analysis, including structured and unstructured data sources. 
 Desire and ability to dig deeply through various data types to gain insights and develop hypotheses. 
 Experience with machine learning techniques such as reinforcement learning, meta learning, active learning, generative models, regression models, binary classifiers, including application to medicinal chemistry problems. 
 Experience with small molecule chemistry toolkits: DeepChem, RDKit, OEChem, etc, as well as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Theano. 
 Extensive experience working in command line interfaces and fluency in scripting programming languages e.g., scientific Python (numpy, scipy, scikit-learn). 
 Proven ability to influence across multi-disciplinary teams and interact with external experts in academic institutions as well as CROs. 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills, including an ability to explain complex ideas to computational scientists, experimentalists, and clinicians. 
 Capable of establishing strong working relationships across the organization to define and solve problems that will benefit the whole. 
 Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and flexibly manage priorities. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Experience debugging complex systems is a plus. 
 Experience with mechanistic ADMET models, PK/PD and PBPK modeling is a plus. BioTalent 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Watertown, MA Jobs at BioTalent in Watertown, MA Data Scientist salaries in Watertown, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BioTalent We Are Passionate About Life Sciences Recruitment.

BioTalent was established to provide an unrivalled level of service and delivery in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
