
 
 
 
 Accounts Receivable Customer Service Representative - Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Accounts Receivable Customer Service Representative IBM 30,778 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction
 The Finance & Admin Business Analyst is essential to the ongoing profitable operations for one of the most globally recognized and respected companies in the world. By overseeing our financial activities, you will enable IBM to continue to bring to market ground-breaking innovations such as Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Solutions, Cloud Infrastructure, and Blockchain technologies, to name a few.
 
Your Role and Responsibilities
 This person contributes to our client’s success by answering incoming calls and responding to requests received via mail, voicemail, email, and fax from internal and external stakeholders. Provides assistance with calls related to Accounts Receivable, Customer Service, Website Technical Issues, Pricing Inquiries, and Data Maintenance.
 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Process inbound calls to determine appropriate action required to satisfy the needs of the caller, including external customers and internal business partners
 Utilize workflow tools to document customer requests and issue resolution to ensure proper handling and follow up of all inbound calls
 Utilize automation/CI tools to efficiently process requests made on call
 
 Achieve individual and team objectives to include: 
Average Call Handle Time
 First Call Resolution
 Call Quality
 Call Availability
 After Call Work
 Refer unresolved issues to the appropriate area, (Dispute Resolution, Account Owners, etc.) via Work Flow tool
 Provide world class customer service
 Maintain complete and accurate documentation within client’s ERP and Workflow Tools
 Demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Maintain high quality of work by performing troubleshooting and call resolution per defined process
 
 Contributes toward team objectives and goals to include: 
Service Level
 Abandoned Call Rate
 First Call Resolution
 Team player with ability to work autonomously
 Willingly participates in team activities
 Demonstrate teamwork by partnering with teammates and other stakeholders for resolution of issue
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise
 Highly effective interpersonal & communication skills
 Highly developed listening, analytical, and problem solving skills
 Conscientious and demonstrated ability to overcome adversity
 Knowledge of Electronic Presentment and Payment Applications
 Assertive and Results Driven
 Prior Customer Service, Call Center, and Accounts Receivable experience
 Excellent PC and Microsoft Office Applications skills (Expert Excel strongly preferred)
 Strong team and organizational skills
 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
 Ability to work a schedule within all hours of operation (7AM – 7PM) (schedule will be later in the day)
 Bilingual capabilities a plus
 High School diploma (4 year degree in Accounting or Business discipline strongly preferred)
 About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.
 
Location StatementSupplemental 1 employees may be eligible for paid holidays, paid sick time and Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Representative jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at IBM in Research Triangle Park, NC Customer Service Representative salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
