
 
 
 
 Intelligent Automation Architect - Cincinnati, OH 45202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intelligent Automation Architect Great American Insurance Group 222 reviews Cincinnati, OH 45202 Great American Insurance Group 222 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Be Here. Be Great.  Working for a leader in the insurance industry means opportunity for you. Great American Insurance Group’s member companies are subsidiaries of American Financial Group, a Fortune 500 company. We combine a "small company" culture where your ideas will be heard with "big company" expertise to help you succeed. With over 30 specialty property and casualty operations and a variety of financial services, there are always opportunities here to learn and grow. 
Great American Insurance Group is seeking an Enterprise Architect/Engineer to join the Chief Technology Officer. This leadership role will help influence and define the strategy, roadmap, and implementation of Great American’s digital automation platforms for robotic process automation and intelligent automation. The Enterprise Architect/Engineer will partner with business units, shared services, and technology stakeholders and organizations to identify opportunities to deliver automation technology that will enable business transformation and drive efficiency and optimization across the organization and entire insurance value chain. 
If you have hands on experience strategizing, designing, and implementing emerging technologies including RPA and Intelligent Automation as well as a passion to help drive business transformation we are waiting for you to join a talented team of Enterprise Architects and Emerging Technologists. 
Responsibilities:
 Responsible for the assessment and direction of technology to meet business strategy:
 Ensures business and IT are in alignment by linking business mission/strategy to IT strategy.
 Ensures current and future business needs will be met in an efficient, sustainable and adaptable manner.
 Build a foundational knowledge base for AI products and trends in the market place and a develop a clearly articulated long-term roadmap for AI and automation across the enterprise 
Be a thought partner in the selection, configuration and implementation of automated solutions as well as establish standard methodologies to ensure high quality and efficient business transformation using AI
 Standardize and optimize current processes to enable them for process automation, digital initiatives, system deployments, new products etc. 
Connect process efforts to other key initiatives (Digital, Claims Technology, etc.) to ensure broader strategic alignment 
Ensure that AI-related technologies are appropriately permeating core operations 
Develop a well-defined strategy that has broad agreement and is integrated with digital transformation efforts 
Work cross-functionally to develop effective communication and training of new platforms and technologies 
Analyze the cost and benefits of Information Technology initiatives that are aligned to business strategies.
 May have responsibility for performance and coaching of staff and may have a participatory role in decisions regarding talent selection, development, and performance management for direct reports 
Develop an approach around securing AI talent with the goal of creating a company-wide AI impact 
Performs other duties as assigned. 
 
Qualifications:
 5+ years of related experience
 Experience with designing and implementing innovative technology within an organization is a plus 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, ML, Electrical Engineering or related fields such as Statistics, Applied Math, Data Science, Economics, or Business Administration – or equivalent experience. A specialization in AI is a plus.
 Expertise within financial services, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence, as well as, current developments in the field of AI. 
Intellectual curiosity to keep pace with technological advancements and tools in intelligent Automation and artificial intelligence 
Advanced knowledge of intelligent automation and cognitive platforms in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Business Process Management (BPM), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Virtual Agent, Intelligent Character Recognition, Workflow Automation Platforms 
Accountable and able to stick to hard deadlines 
Intellectually curious and is entrepreneurial-minded, always seeking ways to improve work product and their own performance 
Able to collaborate and work closely together with colleagues to identify opportunities and to develop solutions 
Comfortable communicating ideas and insights to senior management 
Able to prioritize and easily switch between projects 
Has strong analytical skills to quickly find solutions or asses the company’s AI needs 
Results driven and eager to see output of the work being used and making a difference 
The ideal candidate will be passionate about artificial intelligence and stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the field. Great American Insurance Group 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Cincinnati, OH Jobs at Great American Insurance Group in Cincinnati, OH Architect salaries in Cincinnati, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Great American Insurance Group Great American Insurance Group 222 reviews Great American Insurance Group is engaged primarily in property and casualty insurance ("P&C"), focusing on specialized commercial produc... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
