
 
 
 
 Kore.AI Developer - Franklin Lakes, NJ 07417 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Kore.AI Developer GalaxE.Solutions 22 reviews Franklin Lakes, NJ 07417 Remote GalaxE.Solutions 22 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. What You Will Do:
 Conversational AI Engineer will design, develop, test and deploy Conversational AI bots using Kore.ai platform. Engineer will develop text bots and voice bots.
 Engineer will create Voice User Interface document and present it to architects and business stakeholders.
 Skills and Experience You Will Need:
 
Required: 
2+ years of experience in Conversational AI bot development on Kore.ai platform.
 Experience in designing and developing conversational/dialog flows for complex customer experience applications 
Strong understanding of Natural Language Understanding design and Natural Language Processing design techniques 
Databases: MongoDB
 Bachelor's Degree or more 
Who We Are:
 
About GalaxE.Solutions 
GalaxE is a professional IT services firm that specializes in platform-driven solutions and the use of automation to achieve enterprise business transformation and mission-critical change for some of the largest companies in the world. Using our proprietary solution set, GxFource®, we apply machine learning techniques and predictive analytics tools as part of a broad artificial intelligence strategy that provides effective impact and data-driven business transformation. 
 Since its founding, GalaxE has been dedicated to advancing the benefits of technology. As we continue that legacy and look to the future, a focus on business enablement through agile, cost-efficient, and effective integration of people, process, and technology anchors our success. We revolutionize change in the costs of doing business that transform companies and their ability to leap beyond the competition. 
At GalaxE we value people and are committed to diversity and inclusion where our employees are made to feel comfortable and are encouraged to be authentic. We focus on cultivating both traditional IT and non-traditional, new collar, workers through our Outsource to America®, program. 
We are always looking for passionate, entrepreneurial-minded innovators and disrupters; game-changers that take ownership of the work they produce and bring it each and every day. Working with like-minded team members you will get a chance to discover, develop, and use cutting-edge technologies to transform the way we deliver creative business solutions. 
Sound like you? Join us and find out for yourself what it means for you, and your career, to be part of the GalaxE team. Let’s build something, together. #WeAreGalaxE 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled GalaxE.Solutions 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Franklin Lakes, NJ Jobs at GalaxE.Solutions in Franklin Lakes, NJ Developer salaries in Franklin Lakes, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from GalaxE.Solutions 22 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
