
 
 
 
 Computer Vision Researcher - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Vision Researcher Kitware Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Team Description: 
Our Computer Vision team is a leader in the creation of cutting-edge algorithms and software for automated image and video analysis. Our solutions embrace deep learning and add measurable value to government agencies, commercial organizations, and academic institutions worldwide. We understand the difficulties in extracting, interpreting, and utilizing information across images, video, metadata, and text, and we recognize the need for robust, affordable solutions. We seek to advance the fields of computer vision and deep learning through research and development and through collaborative projects that build on our open source software platforms, such as Kitware Image and Video Exploitation and Retrieval (KWIVER) toolkit. 
Researchers at Kitware enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, WACV, and AAAI); and encouragement to seek funding to grow and develop their own research areas, if they desire. The Kitware Vision Group has collaborated with more than 20 universities in the past five years and maintains active involvement in major vision conferences. 
About the projects: 
Kitware’s employees have unique opportunities to interact and collaborate directly with customers, visit interesting customer sites, and participate in live field tests and demonstrations. You will have the opportunity to contribute your skills to projects of national and societal importance. Research and Developer Engineers at Kitware also enjoy benefits commonly associated with a position in academia, such as support and encouragement for the publication of novel work. We partner with premier government R&D agencies such as DARPA, IARPA, and AFRL including prime contracts, SBIRs and STTRs 
 
 
In This Position You Will: 
Develop robust solutions in the areas of object based detection, feature detection, motion pattern learning and anomaly detection 
Enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international conferences (such as CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, WACV, and 3DV) 
Be encouraged to seek funding to grow and develop your own research areas, if you desire 
 Required Qualifications:
 PhD in Computer Science or related field 
Strong publication record in top-tier research publications and conferences 
Highly innovative and demonstrated track record for solving difficult technical challenges using imagery 
Experience collaborating successfully with others and thriving in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment 
Candidates should include a detailed list of publications as part of their resume/CV 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with deep learning methods is desirable, but not required 
Experience with geospatial coordinates systems and transformation is desirable, but not required 
 Company Description 
Kitware collaborates with customers to solve the world’s most complex scientific challenges through customized software solutions. Kitware delivers innovation by focusing on advanced technical computing, state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, and full-spectrum software solutions. Since its founding in 1998, Kitware has developed a reputation for deep customer understanding and technical expertise, honest interactions, and open innovation. We are proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. For additional information, please visit kitware.com. You can also follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
Additional information 
Kitware is proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. Our team members enjoy a small company environment, flexibility in work assignments, and high levels of independence and responsibility. Besides a great work environment, our comprehensive benefits package includes a generous compensation plan, tuition reimbursement program, flexible working hours, six weeks paid time off, 401(k), health insurance, life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, bonus plan, and free coffee, drinks and snacks. 
Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. Kitware 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Kitware in Remote Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kitware Kitware Inc. is a software research and development company. Our core areas of expertise are computer vision, data and analytics, scienti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
