
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Mapped Seattle, WA Remote Job Overview 
 
At its core, Mapped extracts insights from heterogeneous data of built environment (buildings, manufacturing systems, etc.) and provides them through API to customers. We develop various specialized machine learning models and deploy them at scale in a continuous manner. Our key objective is to productize generalizable and reusable models for all the domains we serve. Ideal candidates would explore various design choices, validate ideas, and make decisions as a team. We are open to Machine Learning Engineers with any experience level. 
 
This is a Remote role 
 Responsibilities and Duties 
 Build machine learning models to extract semantics from data and infer relationships across different systems. 
 Deploy, monitor, and improve the machine learning models
 Participate in development life cycles
 Work with other engineers and analyze customer requirements
 Engages in research discussions and maintain technical document. 
 
 Basic Qualifications 
 
 Masters in quantitative discipline, e.g. CS, Mathematics, Statistics, and Artificial Intelligence 
 
Proficiency in Python with deep learning packages
 Experience in productizing machine learning models 
 
Current experience with hands-on implementation 
 
Experience in model deployment tools such as mlflow
 Experience in machine learning pipelines
 Concrete understanding of various machine learning concepts 
 Experiences in one of the following field 
 Timeseries analysis 
 
Natural Language Processing 
 
Ensemble Models 
 Experiences in the IoT systems (optional) 
 Critical reading of research papers
 Strong written and verbal communications
 Being open-minded for bold ideas
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 A PhD in the related field above 
 
 Experience in IoT / Property Technology / Smart Buildings / Smart Grid 
 Benefits 
 Fully distributed, flexible and remote working
 Employees-first culture
 Flexible working hours
 Competitive salary
 Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K
 Paid parental leave - both mothers and fathers
 Pre-IPO stock options
 Open vacation policy 
 
 
About us 
 
Mapped is an AI-powered data infrastructure platform for commercial and industrial IoT. We are on a mission to bring data from people, places, and things together in a secure and scalable manner to developers. We started our journey with the idea of 'what if every built space had an API ?'. Mapped empowers enterprises and their developers to create new revenue possibilities, optimize operations, and accelerate innovation.
  Mapped is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law Mapped 30 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Mapped in Seattle, WA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mapped Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
