
 
 
 
 Sr. Employee Communications Manager - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Employee Communications Manager Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft Azure provides customers with on-demand and infinitely scalable infrastructure and platform for customers to build, host, and scale services through Microsoft’s global data centers. Azure’s cloud business is experiencing explosive growth, and Azure Hardware Systems and Infrastructure (AHSI) is responsible for enabling the infrastructure underlying this growth. 
AHSI is responsible for enabling the hardware roadmap for the evolution of Azure’s datacenter infrastructure as well as the hardware strategy and planning across multiple time horizons (0-1, 2-3, and 4-5+ years), and delivering hardware infrastructure into today’s datacenters, while also ensuring we have supply chain to scale Azure. We’re also responsible for understanding what it means to transform the datacenter, and have groups working on hardware solutions not only for today’s classical workloads, but also hyperscale workloads that will require artificial intelligence supercomputers and the quantum computing systems of the future. AHSI also has partnerships across Azure and Microsoft (including Surface, Xbox, and HoloLens) to deliver world-class silicon solutions. 
We are looking for a self-motivated and talentedSr. EmployeeCommunications Manager to join our team. In this position, you will be producing high-quality content thatinforms, motivates, andengagesouremployees. 
The ideal candidate will have a blend ofinternalcommunications, storytelling,and program management experience.They should be an organized self-starter with a strong bias for action, passionate aboutgoal setting, continuous process improvement, delivering results, and be willing to roll-up their sleeves to contribute ideas, customize solutions, and positivelyinfluence the employee experience within the organization. 
Responsibilities 
Lead our end-to-end employee communication and engagement strategy, evolving our channels from a mix that has grown organically to a thoughtfully curated collection designed for impact. 
Write internal articles,messages, briefing documents,scripts,newsletter copy, and other campaign content as needed. 
Identify, recommend,andimplement creative methods for communicating with employees through a variety of channels, including, but not limited to, social platforms,listening and feedback systems,intranet, podcasts, videos, presentations, newsletters, all hands meetings, and emails. 
Storyboard and work withacreative teamto execute on various campaigns. 
Respond toemployeecommunication-related issues in a timely manner. 
Manage an organization-wide communication/editorial calendar, working with stakeholders throughout the organization to determine how we share our story. 
Ensure high quality, consistent and innovative approaches to learning and information sharing in a rapidly growing and changing organization. 
Maintain a transparent view of all project priorities and statuses, backlog items, and metric tracking to ensure visibility across the organization. 
Experience measuring the success/ROI of employee communicationsprograms. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications 
7+ years of relevant professional experience that includes writing, communications, and program management. 
5+ years of project management experience that includes managing multiple cross-functional projects and initiatives. 
3+ years of direct content development experience. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Excellent communication skills. 
A strong grasp ofgrammar, proactive writing, language, and powerful writing. 
An excellent eye for detail to spot mistakes in written drafts. 
Excellent analytical and observation skills. 
Ability to tap into the pulse ofatarget audience to customize content and make it more effective. 
Experience with information architecture, content management, or learning management system maintenance. 
Excellent communication up, down, and across the organization 
Must be able to multitask and work well under pressure. 
Proven thought leadership, strategic thinking, and a bias for action 
The ideal candidate will also have: 
Passion for tech or the proven ability to demonstrate and/or grow technically, while being able to distil the complex into simple and compelling key messages and stories. 
Experience working in a highly matrixed organization. 
Prior experience working with high-level executives. 
Portfolio of communicationsormarketing content. 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Communications Manager jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Communications Manager salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
