
 
 
 
 ROW Campus-Hiring - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ROW Campus-Hiring Credit Suisse Campus New York, NY Your program’s highlights 
 Tech banking up a level. Influence tomorrow. 
 The Summer Analyst Program is a 10-week program for rising college seniors that provides excellent exposure to business and the financial technology industry. Our summer program gives you the tools you’ll need to jump start your career in technology. Responsibilities may include working on real-time team projects and group projects across one or more technologies. 
 A one-day company orientation followed by a week of training 
 Ongoing training throughout the summer
 Continued learning and development through placement on a specific team, where you will learn from senior and experienced colleagues
 A summer speaker series, where you’ll hear from senior line representatives across the divisions 
 Mentorship from an assigned mentor within Information Technology, who will help you discover your strengths and plan your career 
 A summer project to be presented to senior management, in order to help expand your knowledge and develop presentation skills 
 Social and networking events that will connect you with individuals across the firm, ensuring that you are exposed to all the areas and understand the big picture of a global investment bank. The summer program is structured to have a balance of work, social events and networking opportunities.
 Your field of responsibility 
 Summer Analysts in New York will work on projects across different aspects of Credit Suisse’s technology division. – As a Technology Summer Analyst, you will learn how the latest 
 Technology is constantly adapting to meet the needs of our clients and drive value for our business. You will work alongside teams responsible for building core platforms which are essential for the whole banking industry. Summer Analysts are formally reviewed at the mid and end points of the summer, and offers are made after the program to individuals identified as exceptional performers. 
 Your future colleagues 
 In the digital age, our clients expect us to deliver banking services in innovative ways. Our Technology teams play a vital role in designing and building the tools and systems that respond to clients' changing needs. Credit Suisse requires first-class technology to operate efficiently and effectively, and relies on thousands of the best technology people to carry it forward. Always looking towards the future, the Technology division is focused on 6 themes: 
 Data Science & Analytics 
 Cyber Security 
 Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence & Robotics 
 Innovation & Automation 
 Cloud 
 FinTech 
 
 You Offer 
Your qualification and skills 
 Applicants to this role should be between their junior and senior years at a four-year college or university (graduating in December 2022 or May/June 2023). Credit Suisse is noted for the diversity of its employees, but seeks individuals with a common set of abilities –those who are highly motivated, creative, have demonstrated academic achievement, and have the ability to work independently and as a member of a team. We’ll evaluate your potential, your ability, your academic background and your extra-curricular activities. Our goal is to build future leaders who add fresh perspectives to our business. 
 A leader who engenders loyalty, shows dedication, assumes responsibility and mobilizes others 
 A critical thinker with excellent analytical skills 
 An enthusiastic self-starter who achieves significant results 
 An supportive and adaptable team member who can build strong relationships 
 An articulate communicator who also recognizes the importance of listening 
 Principled and committed to the highest standards of ethical behavior 
 
 Please apply via our career portal. Applicants should include a cover letter, resume, and college transcript (an unofficial transcript is acceptable). 
 Your new employer 
 Your growth is our priority. Credit Suisse offers you the ideal environment to start a successful career, attractive benefits, excellent training and managers to support your development. 
 We are a leading wealth manager with strong global investment banking capabilities founded in 1856. Headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, and with more than 45,000 employees from over 150 nations, we are always looking for passionate people to make an impact for our clients and communities. 
 Contact details 
 campusrecruitment.americas@credit-suisse.com 
 EEO statement 
 Credit Suisse is an equal opportunity employer. Welcoming diversity gives us a competitive advantage in the global marketplace and drives our success. Our bank provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities, as well as those with other needs or beliefs as may be protected under applicable local law. If you require assistance during the recruitment process, please let your recruiter know. 
 Credit Suisse complies with applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as regulatory requirements, regarding considering of employment qualified individuals with criminal histories and prohibiting discrimination in employment in every jurisdiction in which it maintains facilities. 
 
Credit Suisse complies with applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as regulatory requirements, regarding considering of employment qualified individuals with criminal histories and prohibiting discrimination in employment in every jurisdiction in which it maintains facilities. Credit Suisse Campus 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Credit Suisse Campus in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Credit Suisse Campus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
