
 
 
 
 Full Time Opportunities for PhD Students or Recent Graduates: Cognition and Speech Scientist - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Time Opportunities for PhD Students or Recent Graduates: Cognition and Speech Scientist Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Artificial intelligence (AI) is dramatically transforming people’s work and life now. Speech technology is in the center of the transform. Speech recognition and text to speech (TTS) are essential pieces to enable intelligent agent in the AI era. Microsoft’s mission is to build human parity TTS voices for as many languages in the world and drive end to end user experience and market impact with the technology we built. Pushing the boundary of speech technology in Microsoft products including Cortana, Windows, XiaoIce, Skype and cognitive services in multiple product lifecycles is an exciting undertaking and a continuous effort to push on boundaries. 
 
Do you want to work on a meaningful and impactful project and make a difference?Are you willing to learn from others and open to new ideas?Do you want to support others to succeed and operate in a highly-collaborative and global environment?If this sounds like you, Microsoft would like to invite you to come join us as you are, where you can find more than just a job.Read on to learn more about opportunities and apply online! 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a motivated, self-driven software development engineer/scientist to join our mission to change the world with TTS technology. 
Advance the state of the art of TTS technology 
Improve the speech output quality in terms of naturalness, expressiveness. 
Provides good guidance on core speech output algorithm investigation. 
Work on collaborations with Microsoft Research 
Drive the speech output technology roadmap for Microsoft 
Qualifications 
Currently has or is in the process of obtaining their PhD degree in CS/EE (with focus in one or more of Speech Applications) and are within 12 months of completion. 
Effective communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment. 
Full understanding of the tradeoffs for decisions made in speech output. 
Deep Understanding in at least one related below a) HMM Speech Synthesis Guided Unit Selection, Voice Adaptation, Prosody Modeling, b) Natural language generation or understanding, c) Deep learning on NLP / speech for end to end neural TTS technology d) Speech recognition or speech signal processing. 
Strong software development skills, aptitude for process design Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity. 
 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Scientist salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
