
 
 
 
 Principal RSDE – Aether Incubation - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal RSDE – Aether Incubation Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Since its formation in 2016, Microsoft’s AI, Ethics, and Effects in Engineering and Research (Aether) Committee has served in an advisory role to Microsoft’s Senior Leadership Team (SLT) on questions, challenges, and opportunities with the responsible development and fielding of AI technologies. 
The Aether Committee works closely with the Office of Responsible AI (ORA) and with corporate divisions. The main board and its working groups engage in engineering efforts, perform studies, and evaluate the implications of different usage scenarios for AI. 
Aether is currently seeking a Research Software Development Engineer to help advance the state-of-the-art in Responsible AI experiences and improve AI practices and tools across the company through which research on Responsible AI (RAI) is translated into software tools and practices that benefit Microsoft teams and customers. 
Responsibilities 
The specific scope of work for this role includes the following: Work with researchers to develop and drive a high-impact research agenda and engineering plan. Collaborate to develop and test out new ideas within existing or new collaborations within the research group and with product partners. Build software systems that test new approaches or develop novel theoretical and practical insights. Prepare technical papers and presentations. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
7+ years Python/C#/Java development experience using open-source APIs or public SDKs. 
5+ years’ experience designing, developing, and delivering successful and performant full-stack applications using modern, cloud-based, web stacks like MERN with TypeScript. 
Professional experience building machine learning, deep learning, or language models (including data collection, processing, training, testing, and deployment) or experience building end-to-end production-quality, scalable data science/machine learning pipelines using deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, TensorFlow.) 
Preferred   Qualifications: 
BS, MS, or PhD degree (or equivalent work experience) in one or more of the following fields: Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Human-Computer Interaction, Data Science, Computer Science, Ethics. 
Experience with NLP, Transformers, Language Models, Text Prediction. 
Proven ability to quickly learn new technologies and efficiently collaborate with partners to deliver outstanding results. 
Demonstrated ability to work effectively cross functionally with other teams (Engineering, Research, Program Management & Marketing.) 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Principal salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
