
 
 
 
 Staff Scientist – Comparative Pathologist - Research Triangle Park, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Scientist – Comparative Pathologist National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences 10 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Description: 
 The Division of the National Toxicology Program (DNTP), Comparative and Molecular Pathogenesis Branch (CMPB) is seeking highly motivated comparative pathologists with expertise in anatomic pathology and with a keen interest in understanding molecular mechanisms of toxicity and carcinogenesis. 
 
 The mission of the DNTP is to evaluate environmental substances of public health concern by developing and applying tools of modern toxicology and molecular biology. The DNTP provides critical data for regulatory and non-regulatory stakeholder decision making to protect human health by using animal studies, alternative  in vivo  and  in vitro  model systems, high-throughput screening and computational approaches to provide insights into the potential for substances in the environment to cause adverse health effects. 
 
 A major goal of the CMPB is to provide a translational and mechanistic context to pathology outcomes with the integration of various streams of scientific data. The primary role of the candidates will be to work across disciplines, be translationally-focused, and to partner with scientific teams within the institute for the integration of  in vitro ,  in vivo  and computational data for predicting and understanding the pathogenesis of disease processes. The candidate will be exceptionally collaborative, innovative in their thinking and be expected to contribute to DNTP efforts to reinvent the way toxicology is practiced. 
 
 The candidate will also contribute to pathology evaluations for the standard DNTP studies and specialized studies such as cardiotoxicity, immunotoxicity, neurotoxicity, reproductive and developmental toxicity. Furthermore, the candidate will have opportunities to contribute to advancing pathology capabilities in areas such as molecular pathology, digital pathology, morphometry and machine learning/artificial intelligence. In addition, the candidate will have the opportunity to participate in the global toxicologic pathology training program. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Candidates for this position must have a DVM or equivalent medical degree. While not required, a PhD in Pathology or equivalent field and board certification in Anatomic Pathology by the American College of Veterinary Pathologists or equivalent are preferred. 
 
 Expertise in anatomic and comparative pathology is critical for this position. Well qualified candidates will demonstrate established interest in understanding the molecular mechanisms of toxicity and carcinogenesis. Communications skills, as evidenced by scientific presentations, publications in peer reviewed journals, or institutional reports and the ability to work within a team environment and a diverse group of stakeholders is highly desirable. 
 
 As a NIH Title 42 (g) Staff Scientist, the employee is generally appointed to a time-limited, renewable position. The position is open to all qualified applicants regardless of US citizenship or permanent resident status. The employee does not receive independent resources, although they will often work independently and have sophisticated skills and knowledge essential to the work of CMPB. 
 
 Salary/benefits 
 This is a federal full-time equivalent position, and a comprehensive benefits package is available. Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. 
 
 To Apply: 
 To submit a complete application package, interested candidates must submit their full  curriculum vitae  including bibliography and a two-page statement of research background and interests, as ONE (1) combined PDF to Ms. Bonnie Earnhardt at int-appls@niehs.nih.gov. Please include vacancy number  NR122  and your name in the subject line of your email submission. Please include in your CV a description of any teaching, training, mentoring and outreach activities, especially those involving women or persons from other groups that are underrepresented in biomedical research. In addition, applicants must arrange to have at least three (3) referees send letters of recommendation to int-appls@niehs.nih.gov. Letters should be on official letterhead and signed. Please be sure that referees include your name and Vacancy Number  NR122  in the subject line of their email. For further information about the position, please contact Dr. Dori Germolec (germolec@nih.gov). Incomplete applications or paper applications will not be accepted. Review of applications will begin on  July 23, 2021 . 
 
 Commitment to Diversity and Equal Employment Opportunity 
 The NIH NIEHS encourages the application and nomination of qualified women, minorities, and individuals with disabilities. The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factors. NIH NIEHS will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities as appropriate. If you require reasonable accommodation during any part of the application and hiring process, please notify us. 
 
 Foreign Education 
 Applicants who have completed part or all of their education outside of the United States must provide an evaluation by an accredited organization to ensure its equivalence to education received in accredited educational institutions in the United States. For more information on foreign education verification, visit the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) website at http://www.naces.org/. Verification must be received prior to the effective date of the appointment. 
 
 The NIH is the premier biomedical research center for the world. Its 27 institutes and centers employ more than 18,000 employees doing a vast array of jobs, all supporting efforts for a healthy nation. 
 
 For information about the NIH mission, goals and institutes and centers, visit www.nih.gov/about. 
 
 For information about the DNTP, visit https://ntp.niehs.nih.gov. 
 
 
 DHHS, NIH, NIEHS are an equal opportunity employer. Applications from women, minorities and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged. Office of Intramural Training & Education 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Scientist jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Staff Scientist salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
