
 
 
 
 Manager, Intelligent Automation - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Intelligent Automation Levi Strauss & Co. 2,693 reviews Remote Remote Levi Strauss & Co. 2,693 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION
 You're an original. So are we  .
 We're a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented the blue jean in 1873, and we reinvented khaki pants in 1986. We pioneered labor and environmental guidelines in manufacturing. And we work to build sustainability into everything we do. Our brands stand for freedom and self-expression around the world.
 Where we lead, others follow. For more than 160 years, we've used the strength of our brands to lead with our values and make an outsized impact on the world. We employ more than 15,000 people globally to support our great brands: Levi's®, Dockers®, Denizen® and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.™
 We continue to lead the industry with our growing Strategy and AI team, which is focused on the digital transformation of the company by using data, artificial intelligence, and digital technologies. As a Manager of Intelligent Automation, you will create automation solutions using a combination of robotic process automation, workflow automation, ETL, and process mining. You work directly with business owners, data scientists, and data engineers to transform our end-to-end business processes through AI-based automation. You have experience building trust with teams as you build human-AI workflows and give our employees new super powers. Part technology, part strategy, you will be the catalyst for using intelligent automation at LS&Co.
 About the Job
 Provide hands-on automation solutions, supporting the future vision for intelligent automation across the company by working with business leaders across Operations, Commercial, Brand, and internal departments
 Reimagine current manual ways of working and handoffs into process steps that can be automated such as reporting, escalations and approvals
 Create backlog and prioritize automation plans in collaboration with business leaders, technology leaders, digital product managers, data science, and data engineers
 Create intelligent automation solutions by employing a combination of robotic process automation, workflow automation, ETL, process mining, natural language processing, virtual agents, chatbots, computer vision, and neural networks
 Build empathy and trust with your partners through partner agreement, design thinking methods, and upskilling
 Contribute your knowledge to the selection and implementation of automated solutions
 Partner with Technology leaders to deploy and scale intelligent automation solutions, with emphasis on standard architecture and reusability
 About You
 Bachelor's or master's degree in a technical area, e.g., Robotics, Computer science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or relevant work experience
 5+ years of experience, with at least 2 in intelligent automation, data science, or IT experience. Apparel or retail experience desirable
 Familiarity with intelligent automation tools in robotic process automation, workflow automation, and ETL tools such as Automation Anywhere, Appian, Alteryx, and UiPath
 Knowledge of the application of AI technologies for automation such as natural language processing, virtual agents, chatbots, computer vision, and neural networks.
 Blend of understanding operations excellence, technical know-how, and consulting skills
 Simplify complex technical concepts for non-technical executives
 Experience working with data, technology, and digital product teams
 Familiarity with at least one of the cloud environments (AWS, GCP)
 Experience with no-code or low-code solutions desirable
 We put a lot of thought into our programs to provide you with a benefits package that matters. Whether it is for medical care, taking time off, improving your health or planning for retirement, we've got you covered. Here's a small snapshot:
 401K match: $1.25 for every $1.00 you contribute up to the first 6% of pay you save.
 Five hours of paid volunteer time per month with nonprofit organizations
 Product discount of 50% off regular-price merchandise
 Paid Family Leave
 EOE M/F/Disability/Vets
 LOCATION
 Remote - USA
 FULL TIME/PART TIME
 Full time
 Current LS&Co Employees, apply via your Workday account. Levi Strauss & Co. 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Levi Strauss & in Remote Business Intelligence Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Levi Strauss & Co. Levi Strauss & Co. 2,693 reviews You’re an original. So are we. We’re a company of people who like to forge our own path. We invented
the blue jean in 1873, and we reinv... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
