
 
 
 
 Clinical Implementation Specialist - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Clinical Implementation Specialist PredictionHealth 3 reviews Dallas, TX Remote Employer actively reviewed job 3 days ago PredictionHealth 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $12 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Clinical Implementation Specialist 
 Are you Interested in helping onboard providers to an awesome service, while also potentially fast-tracking to managing your very own team? Have you ever wanted to work side-by-side with robots towards a common goal that isn't world domination? Have medical or scribe experience? Then do we have a job for you! 
 PredictionHealth is a cutting-edge health-tech startup company based in Nashville, TN, that utilizes AI to improve clinician documentation. By combining AI and live scribes, PredictionHealth offers clinicians a way to look their patients in the eye instead of staring at the computer, and offers  YOU  a way to work from home while helping to improve healthcare and ensure an awesome first impression by helping new clinicians get onboarded to the system! 
 We are seeking experienced and devoted individuals to join our growing family of healthcare professionals. Apply now to take advantage of this exciting opportunity and join the team! We can't wait to hear from you! 
 Position Description: 
 As a Clinical Implementation Specialist, you will be utilizing your skills to help manage new client implementations and complete clinical documentation. In addition to helping us bring new providers onboard, this position will work closely with our data science team on projects to further our efforts with Artificial Intelligence. These projects may include medical data labeling and verification of insights produced by our machine learning models. 
 Qualifications: 
 Highly self-motivated and ambitious 
Previous experience in medical scribing or other related medical experience is required 
Strong understanding of clinical visits, physician documentation, and workflows 
High school diploma, or equivalent, or experience in a medically relevant field is required. 
Previous experience in a supervisory role preferred. 
Adaptable and highly motivated 
 Benefits: 
 This exciting position provides the opportunity to work in the medical field from the comfort and safety of your own home. 
 Work from home! 
Close-knit team environment 
No extra equipment required! All you need is a laptop and a good internet connection. 
Potential to fast track to internal promotion! 
$12/hour, with opportunities to promote internally 
 Misc. info: 
 One year commitment preferred 
Must be available for a minimum of 25 hours per week 
Previous medical experience preferred 
Proficient typing speed needed 
Proficiency in medical terminology needed 
Opportunity for growth within the company PredictionHealth 8 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Implementation Specialist jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at PredictionHealth in Dallas, TX Implementation Specialist salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from PredictionHealth 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
