
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Researcher, Extreme Vision (PhD) - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Researcher, Extreme Vision (PhD) Facebook 623 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Extreme Vision team works at the extremities of scale for computer vision at Facebook. Our aim is to do learning at the scale of billions of images/videos, with very high capacity models and high dimensional label space for variety of vision tasks including classification, detection and segmentation. We also work at the other extremity of low-shot and long-tail (Zipfian distribution) problems. At this scale, we cannot assume the labelled data to be available and work with weakly-supervised, semi-supervised and self-supervised training paradigms.In this role, you will work on developing cutting edge vision technology to bring a step change in Facebook product and experiences. You will collaborate deeply with researchers across FAIAR and FAIR in order to do so. You will need to engage with research topics and cover new domains quickly, build deep expertise with Facebook data and tools, apply high standards to the research code around you and develop an ability to identify highly impactful projects in a complex and unexplored domain. You will gain valuable experience in artificial intelligence and AI, publish academic papers and make difference to the world by contributing to our products. 
Develop state-of-the-art methodologies for core computer vision tasks: classification, detection, segmentation. 
Do research at scale to make sure technology can be scaled to Facebook use cases and exploit modern parallel environments (e.g. distributed clusters). 
Collaborate with FAIR researchers on one end and Product teams on another to produce novel solutions to hard problems and apply them to Facebook use cases. 
Bring external visibility by publishing in top tier vision and ML conferences. 
Currently has or is in the process of obtaining a PhD degree. 
Research and/or work experience in machine learning, deep learning, and/or computer vision. 
Coding experience in C, C++, Java, Python or similar language. 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Research and software engineer experience demonstrated via an internship, work experience, coding competitions. 
Complex implementation experience in deep learning visible in GitHub or other such platforms. 
First-authored publications at peer-reviewed conferences (e.g. CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, ICML, NeurIPS, or similar). 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 623 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
