
 
 
 
 Transcribers / Data Analyst - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Transcribers / Data Analyst TransPerfect Translations Inc. Remote Remote Employer actively reviewed job 5 days ago Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Transcriber / Data Analyst 
 
We are looking for  speakers of several languages  to join us on a new innovative and interesting job to improve Artificial Intelligence (i.e. as speech or text recognition, input methods, keyboard/swipe technology or other areas of human-machine interaction related to languages). 
 
 As  Transcriptionist  for the AI Division, you will perform some or all of the following tasks: 
Transcription (create written copies of live speech or dictated audio) 
Data labeling (Identify and label the purpose of what you transcribe) 
Data classification (categorize the job resulted considering different criteria) 
 
This job requires a high level of independence, adaptation, and accuracy. Love to detail helps succeed in this role! 
TransPerfect Is More Than Just a Job…
 Our greatest asset is our people, and nothing is more important to us than ensuring that everyone knows that. Each of our 90+ offices has its own individual identity, and each also has its own unique rewards. 
Native level speaker of one of the following languages:  Mandarin Chinese (Simplified), Mandarin Chinese (Traditional), Korean, Russian, Hindi, Japanese and Cantonese 
Are of legal age (18+) 
Great reading and comprehension skills in English. All the training material and guidelines provided are available in English only! 
Ability to meet daily KPI's 
Excellent time management 
Ability to work independently 
Flexibility, ability to adapt and react to changing priorities quickly and efficiently 
Ability to track, analyze, and report issues 
Full-time availability 
Availability to work remotely 
Availability to start working ASAP 
Availability to work at least 5 hours per day 
Ability to understand and implement feedback 
Find comfort in detail-oriented work TransPerfect Translations Inc. 19 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Transcriber jobs in Remote Jobs at TransPerfect Translations in Remote Data Transcriber salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TransPerfect Translations Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
