
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Policy research intern - Hillsboro, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Policy research intern Intel 5,432 reviews Hillsboro, OR Intel 5,432 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Job ID: JR0165664 
 Job Category: Intern/Student 
 Primary Location: Hillsboro, OR US 
 Other Locations: Virtual US and Canada 
 Job Type: Intern 
 Artificial Intelligence Policy research intern 
 Job Description 
Intel's public policy team is one of the most influential ICT policy group in the industry. The team covers broad ICT policies and topics which are communication, cybersecurity, content protection, environment and trade policies. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is getting a fundamental technology of our daily life but still a lot of new technology and use cases are expected to come. One of the challenges for the society is protecting and respecting data and privacy to best utilize the value of date for the society. The team is seeking a graduate intern to support the AI policy research project with the global team. 
The research project will include but are not limited to: 
AI related policy and regulation environmental scan 
Engage with internal and external AI policy stakeholders to identify mid-term policy development plan 
Develop a prototype policy tool to help safer data utilization on AI 
The successful candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Passion for developing a policy for a better society. 
Attention to detail. 
Interpersonal skills to build relationships with a diverse range of people in a virtual environment. 
Visionary and innovation-driven. 
Willing to work with diverse people around the world. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work classes research and or relevant previous job and or internship experiences 
 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Must be pursuing a Master's or PhD degree in public policy, law, electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, data scienceor other related field. 
This position is not eligible for employment-based visa/immigration sponsorship. 
Preferred qualifications: 
Previous experience with: 
Technology policy 
Technology standards 
AI technology basics (Machine learning, Deep learning, influencing) 
Data protection 
Inside this Business Group 
Intel’s Growth Acceleration Team (GAT) offers unique opportunities to work in a variety of areas, including counsel to Intel businesses; technology and intellectual property licensing; patent prosecution; trademarks and brands; litigation, mergers, acquisitions and investing; public policy, legislative and regulatory lobbying; global trade, export, import, and customs; and corporate compliance. 
Other Locations 
 
Virtual US and Canada 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$52,000.00-$147,000.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Research Intern salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,432 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
