
 
 
 
 Commercial Counsel - Louisville, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Commercial Counsel AMP Robotics Louisville, CO Commercial Counsel, 2/26/2021
 
AMP Robotics is a pioneer and industry leader in artificial intelligence (AI), robotics, and infrastructure for the waste and recycling industry. We're working to reimagine and actively modernize recycling by applying AI and automation to increase recycling rates and economically recover recyclables reclaimed as raw materials for the global supply chain. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology solutions that solve many of the central challenges of recycling to make it more efficient, cost-effective, scalable, and sustainable.
 
Headquartered in Louisville, Colorado, the Denver Post named AMP one of the 2021 Top Workplaces in Colorado. We're fostering an environment where talented, driven individuals can grow and create impact. We seek unconventional thinkers to join our mission to enable a world without waste; at AMP, your contributions have meaning and can spur change. With backing from top-tier investors and national recognition including Fortune's Impact 20, Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, and Forbes' most promising AI companies, we're always seeking ways to better our operations, raising the bar on innovation, and looking to collaborate and improve each day in what we do. Learn more at AMPRobotics.com .
 
AMP Robotics is hiring a Commercial Counsel reporting to our Chief of Staff to focus on developing and executing a long term vision for a sophisticated commercial legal practice, including executing on commercial scaling and efficiency initiatives. This role will play a key role in our rapidly growing business, partnering with teams across the company to help build and evolve our product offerings and further develop and mature our business lines, all while balancing business objectives and legal risk across the multiple geographies in which we operate.
 
 As our Commercial Counsel, you will work to: 
Draft and negotiate agreements with strategic partners in the waste and recycling space.
 Provide practical advice on legal issues and risks, complex agreement structures and company policies in a risk-tolerant, but compliance-oriented environment.
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams (Business Development/Sales, Product/Engineering, Finance, and Operations) and to solve commercial and corporate issues, support execution of company goals, and drive a more efficient process internally and externally.
 Review, draft and negotiate a variety of agreements and commercial partnership agreements.
 Provide practical guidance on legal issues and agreements in the context of the company's commercial goals and risk thresholds.
 Help create, improve and manage internal processes, best practices, and commercial templates for the legal team
 Assist on projects as needed, including general corporate, vendor relationship and risk management issues, as well as assisting with the management of external counsel.
 Contribute to the continued development and improvement of our data privacy and information security policies, practices and procedures.
 
 Supervisory Responsibilities: 
None.
 
 The successful candidate will have: 
 Required: 
Attorney with 4+ years of experience gained from working at a top-tier firm and/or scaling startup.
 Have solid experience with commercial contracts, whether negotiating from a commercial perspective or reviewing from a regulatory perspective, including leading negotiations or discussions with large and small companies.
 Can successfully work independently with little guidance, but also able to use good judgment and escalate issues when needed.
 Eager to collaborate and comfortable and effective at building strong relationships with people across a variety of functional teams, skill sets and levels of professional experience.
 Have a demonstrated drive for results, work ethic and ability to prioritize risks and projects to focus on what's important, get things done, and seize opportunities.
 Have meticulous attention to detail and excellent planning and organization skills.
 Pragmatic strategist who can identify and resolve legal issues in the context of the company's commercial goals and risk thresholds.
 Excellent oral and written communication skills—the ability to explain complex issues and concepts in straightforward, everyday terms.
 
 Preferred: 
8 years of legal experience.
 Previous experience in the waste management or recycling industry is a plus.
 Ability to work in a fast paced environment.
 
 Education: 
Law degree is required.
 
 Experience: 
4 years of legal counsel experience.
 
 Working Conditions/Physical Demands: 
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
 Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.
 
 Working Location(s): 
Louisville, CO
 
 Travel Requirements: 
None.
 
 Affirmative Action/EEO Statement: 
AMP Robotics is an equal opportunity employer. In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at the Company will be based on job openings, merit, qualifications, and abilities as required by the position. The Company does not discriminate, and does not permit its employees to discriminate against other employees, applicants, customers, or independent contractors because of:
 
Race
 Color
 Religion
 Sex
 Sexual orientation (including gender identity or expression, including a person's orientation toward heterosexuality, homosexuality, bisexuality, or transgender status, or PeopleCare's perception thereof)
 Pregnancy, childbirth, and related conditions
 Marital status
 National origin
 Citizenship
 Military or veteran status
 Ancestry
 Age (40 or over)
 Disability (including genetic information)
 Or, any other consideration made unlawful by applicable laws.
 
Equal employment opportunity will be extended to all persons in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship, including recruitment, hiring, upgrading, training, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, discipline, layoff, recall, and termination.
 
 Other duties: 
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
 
We recognize that there is more to work than the day-to-day responsibilities. In addition to a collaborative, high-performing team environment, we're pleased to offer competitive base salaries; medical, dental and vision insurance; a 401(k) plan; paid time off and sick time; flexible work hours; and the opportunity to quickly accelerate your learning and growth.
 
 Salary & compensation information:  $170,000-185,000 depending on experience
 
 Benefits Information: 
Medical - The company covers up 85% to 100% of the premium for Cigna healthcare plans depending on the selection. Employees pay the difference in premium if they select a more expensive plan. Up to 75% for dependents.
 Dental, Vision, Short and Long Term Disability.
 401(k) retirement plan (non-matching).
 14 days PTO and 6 paid sick days.
 Nine (9) paid holidays – 7 company designated and 2 floating holidays. (salaried employees only). AMP Robotics 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Louisville, CO Jobs at AMP Robotics in Louisville, CO Counsel salaries in Louisville, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from AMP Robotics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
