
 
 
 
 Young Investigator, PRIOR - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Young Investigator, PRIOR The Allen Institute for AI Seattle, WA The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2) is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen and headed by Professor Oren Etzioni. The core mission of (AI2) is to contribute to humanity through high-impact AI research and engineering.
 
AI2's Perceptual Reasoning and Interaction Research team (PRIOR) seeks to advance computer vision to create AI systems that see, explore, learn, and reason about the world.
 
The Allen AI Young Investigator is a postdoctoral program offering unique benefits. The program will enable you to balance working collaboratively on a PRIOR project while pursuing an independent research agenda.
 
 Benefits: 
Mentorship in research, grant writing, and more
 50% collaborative work on a PRIOR project
 50% work on your own projects
 Generous travel budget
 AI2 provides support for obtaining a visa through its immigration attorney, and pays the necessary expenses
 Access to AI2's data, AWS infrastructure, and other resources as needed
 No grant writing, teaching, or administrative responsibilities
 Opportunity to mentor interns and pre-doctoral candidates
 $100K research funding from AI2 after completion (based on proposal)
 
As a PYI in the PRIOR team, you will have the opportunity to work in a variety of research areas including:
 
Embodied AI
 Language and Vision
 Visual knowledge extraction
 Visual reasoning
 Representation learning
 Scene analysis and understanding
 Recognition, detection and segmentation
 Efficient deep learning
 And more ...
 
 What You Will Need: 
Young Investigator applicants at PRIOR should have a strong foundation (PhD level) in one or more of the research areas listed above. We look favorably upon extensive work experience and publishing peer reviewed work at top scientific venues in our field including CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, NeurIPS, etc.
 
 Who We Are: 
In addition to AI2's core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are:
 
We are a learning organization – because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers.
 We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA+ community, and people with disabilities of any kind.
 We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered.
 We emphasize a healthy work/life balance – we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their work/life balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave.
 We are collaborative and transparent – we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures.
 We are in Seattle – and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States.
 We are friendly – chances are you will like every one of the 100+ (and growing) people who work here. We do.
 
AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hr@allenai.org or you may call us at  206-548-5600 . The Allen Institute for AI 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Investigator jobs in Seattle, WA Investigator salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Allen Institute for AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
