
 
 
 
 Sr. Frontend Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Frontend Engineer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Web applications design and development experience 
 Several years of experience in a senior software or web development role 
 Experience in XHTML, Javascript, CSS and modern web technologies 
 Experience developing with MVC/MVM frameworks (e.g. React.JS, AngularJS, Vue) 
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Informatics or equivalent experience 
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides developers and their organizations with foundational web services and products that enable them to innovate faster and to operate their software more cost effectively. AWS Identity teams are building secure identity, authentication, authorization, and governance systems for the AWS Cloud. Identity is foundational for access management to services in the cloud, and the Identity User Experience and Console team focuses on making it easier for AWS customers to manage governance at scale. Our mission is to create extraordinary user interfaces that empower experienced developers and IT administrators to have fine-grained control over their environments and security, while being simple enough for less-technical users to ensure they are protecting their data and resources.
 As a Sr. Frontend Engineer, you will be the technical leader developing improvements across multiple AWS consoles. You will work closely with a talented team of engineers, product managers, and UX designers to build browser-based user experiences that are easy to understand and improve the security of AWS customers. Every day, you will be coding in both Java and Javascript, as well as using many AWS products. You will define, create, and champion platform solutions across multiple consoles to improve development speed, quality, and overall consistency. You will also drive the operational excellence of the services owned by your team, including continuously improve the performance and security of the application.
 AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 Passion for creating efficient, scalable web interfaces 
 Experience driving software projects, including design, implementation, and deployment. 
 Familiarity with scripting languages (e.g. Python, Ruby ) 
 Deep understanding of best testing practices 
 History of owning and driving Operational Excellence 
 Understanding of web services technologies such as SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, XSD, and REST 
 Experience with Java or C++/C#/.NET and the Spring Framework 
 Familiarity with security technology and concepts (Authentication, Authorization, Single sign-on, Cryptography, etc.) 
 Genuinely excited about technology, have a strong interest in learning about and playing with the latest technologies and building compelling web applications and UI 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Senior Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
