
 
 
 
 Research Fellow - Artificial Intelligence - Scottsdale, AZ 85250 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Fellow - Artificial Intelligence Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85250 Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. City 
Scottsdale 
State 
Arizona 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Radiology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
The Research shield at Mayo Clinic is committed to creating a diverse environment and recognizes that diverse research teams make better decisions, are more equipped to solve complex problems and adapt to change, and produce better outcomes. That diversity is about opening up to unconventional ideas that create better outcomes while recognizing colleagues' unique contributions. Become part of the legacy that embraces these differences and enables us to provide the best care to patients from all over the world.
 Position description 
AI center at Mayo Clinic, Arizona is searching for a postdoctoral scholar. The AI center is led by Dr. Bhavik Patel, who is also affiliated with Ira A. Fulton Schools of Engineering, Arizona State University. The AI center focuses on cutting‐edge research at the intersection of imaging science and biomedical informatics, developing and applying AI methods to large amounts of medical data for biomedical discovery, precision medicine, and precision health (early detection and prediction of future disease). 
The postdoctoral scholar will be working on two core research topics: (1) develop foundational AI methods for analyzing and extracting information from clinical texts and imaging; (2) develop clinical prediction models using multi-modal and longitudinal electronic medical records (EMR) and radiological scan data. The scholar will deploy and evaluate these methods as clinical applications to transform medical care. 
A Research Fellow at Mayo Clinic is a temporary position intended to provide training and education in research. Individuals will train in the research program of a Mayo Clinic principal investigator. Qualified individuals will demonstrate the potential for research as evidenced by their training and peer-reviewed publications and should become competitive for national research grants. Proof of English proficiency is required for J-1 Short-Term Scholars, Research Scholars, Professors, Specialists, and Student Interns sponsored by Mayo Clinic.
 The following is required for completeness of application: 
Current curriculum vitae with bibliography 
Proof of doctoral degree (copy of diploma or final transcript with English translation, if applicable) or a letter from your university's Registrar office indicating you have fulfilled all doctoral program requirements and are eligible to graduate. 
Please also be prepared that you may be asked to provide three letters of recommendation to the hiring PI prior to an interview. 
Qualifications 
Must have a Ph.D., M.D., or equivalent doctoral degree in a field deemed relevant by the program. Research Fellow is appropriate for individuals who have completed no more than one prior postdoctoral fellowship, at Mayo Clinic or elsewhere. 
Additional qualifications 
Post-graduate degree (PhD or MD, completed or near completion) in biomedical data science, informatics, computer science, engineering, statistics, computational biology, or a related field, with a background or interest in imaging 
Experience in machine learning and AI, particularly in computer vision and NLP 
 
Strong record of distinguished scholarly achievement 
 
Outstanding communication and presentation skills with fluency in spoken and written English 
 
Established record of distinguished scholarly achievement 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Over the next four years, Mayo Clinic is making significant investments in both the physical and technological future of health care, through doubling the size of the Mayo Clinic campus in Phoenix, inclusive of practice, education, and research activities. Mayo Clinic's campuses in Arizona are located in Phoenix and Scottsdale, in the beautiful Sonoran Desert. The region is known as the Valley of the Sun, a metropolitan area with more than 4 million residents in 25 cities and towns. 
With Phoenix being the sixth largest city in the nation, this sunny "desert metropolis" offers the amenities of a big city in the midst of a strikingly beautiful, rugged, southwest landscape. 
Scottsdale frequently earns praise as a highly desirable place to live. The city's more than 200,000 residents enjoy a vibrant mix of culinary hot spots, arts and entertainment, professional and collegiate sports teams, and community resources. The region's desert climate promotes an outdoor lifestyle with a full complement of sports and recreation. 
Category 
Postdoc & Temporary Research 
Career profile 
Post Doctoral Research 
Specialty 
Radiology, Research 
Job posting number 
155496BR 
Recruiter 
Lei Feng 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Fellow jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale, AZ Research Fellow salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,306 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
