
 
 
 
 Senior Systems Engineering - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Systems Engineering Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 MITRE is a trusted operator of federally funded research and development centers and we're on a mission to make the world a safer place-for all of humanity, today and in the future. To deliver on our mission, we need the world’s best talent and leaders-groundbreakers and partnership-builders on a global scale in areas like healthcare, artificial intelligence, critical infrastructure resiliency, pandemic management, and cybersecurity. In return, we have the privilege of backing you with thousands of technical experts in diverse fields, a culture of innovation and knowledge sharing, access to data and resources uniquely available to MITRE through our wide-ranging partnerships across government, industry and academia.
  Job Highlights: Contribute to requirements and performance analyses regarding the implementation of enhanced navigation services for aviation that incorporate Global Positioning System (GPS) and modernized Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) elements. Must have strong linear algebra, probability and statistics background. Strong programming skills in Matlab or C a plus. Previous work experience with the FAA Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) a major plus.
 Key Functions: Design and develop concepts for modeling and simulation of future navigation systems, including augmentation systems for satellite navigation for the purpose of performance analysis. Use these models and simulations for analyzing system characteristics and performing trade-offs. Prepare and make recommendations not only for FAA customer, but also public presentations for international aviation standards.
 Qualifications - External Strong linear algebra, probability, and statistics skills. Linear and non-linear optimization a plus. Excellent analytical skills. Understanding of GPS and navigation systems performance characteristics desirable. Programming experience in higher level languages. Previous GNSS work experience a plus.
 Minimum Education/Experience: Bachelor of Science in an area of applied physics or mathematics. Master of Science or eight years related experience a plus.
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior System Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA Senior System Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
