
 
 
 
 Python Developer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Python Developer Plateau Software Inc 2 reviews Remote Plateau Software Inc 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description:
 
Python Developer 
Do you have a passion to build and innovate using leading edge tools and technologies? We are looking for Python Developers who like to solve complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, Agile environment. You’ll be part of a team that analyzes complex business problems and infuses intelligence into data using emerging AI and ML technologies. 
Responsibilities: 
Design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies 
Work collaboratively in Agile teams with deep experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, distributed microservices, and Cloud data technologies 
Stay on top of technology trends, learn new technologies and skills, and participate in technology communities of practice 
Collaborate with Customer teams to understand their needs and deliver robust data and analytics solutions to meet their business needs 
Work with cloud native stack, build on AWS, use technologies like Kubernetes, Docker, and OpenShift 
Design ETL data pipelines and other data analysis utilities 
Build APIs and services using REST, Hadoop, Map Reduce, Spark, etc. 
. Requirements:
 
Basic Qualifications: 
Experience as a Python developer 
Node js on api framework. Python on data frame. 
App dev- Uploading data to cloud and building/customizing APIs 
AWS- S3, Lambda, EC2, GLUE 
EMR- Data framework and spark/python 
Database technologies proficiency: SQL, NoSQL 
Knowledge and experience with Git 
US Citizen with Secret Security clearance (or ability to get one) 
Plateau Inc is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. or any other characteristic protected by law. 
We are unable to sponsor at this time. Candidates applying for this job must be authorized to work for any employer in the US, independently. 
If you need an accommodation seeking employment with Plateau, please email katherine.gould@plateauinc.com. Accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. Plateau Software Inc 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Python Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at Plateau Software in Remote Python Developer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Plateau Software Inc Plateau Software Inc 2 reviews Plateau, is an IT company that streamlines business processes and minimizes the impact our clients have on their surrounding environment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
