
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Editor - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Editor Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 5+ years of experience as a technical editor of highly technical documentation 
 Experience collaborating with diverse stakeholders to define and manage terminology 
 Experience designing and implementing an editorial approach for a new or existing technology or product 
 Degree in English, Technical Communication, Information Management, or related field 
 Experience with XML and Git 
 Experience managing multiple schedules and projects 
 Experience editing UI text 
 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment 
 A proactive attitude and a focus on resolving problems and delivering results 
 
Would you like to join a team of stellar editors creating high quality technical documentation for Amazon Web Services (AWS) customers? Documentation team is hiring a Technical Editor to edit technical content and drive content standards in a cross-functional, distributed, fast-paced environment.
 
The AWS Documentation team delivers online content for the full suite of AWS products and services. This content includes documentation, UI text, API reference, SDKs, and tutorials. Technical editors perform all levels of edit on this content for a diverse audience (developers, DevOps professionals, and end users). They also manage documentation processes across groups, interact with service and marketing teams, and create and manage content creation and publication processes in collaboration with technical writers and build engineers. Technical editors analyze content performance and drive projects to improve discoverability, content structure, and content architecture. This role will also be responsible for developing and maintaining domain-specific terminology.
 
Key responsibilities
 
 Perform all levels of edit on technical documentation and UI text for AWS services, using an XML-based publishing platform and Git 
 Work closely with writers, developers, product managers, and editors to define and standardize terminology 
 Provide style and usage guidance for writers and others 
 Create and implement content models and content strategy for the AWS audience 
 Create and document XML authoring system standards, including templates, schema types, and standards for author usage 
 Present complex technical, metadata, content, and standards information to a diverse audience of editors, writers, managers, and system designers 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 
 Experience with web services and related technologies 
 Experience as a lead, mentor, or manager 
 Advanced grammar skills 
 Experience as a technical writer as well as a technical editor 
 Experience working in an agile environment 
 Experience creating and driving content architecture requirements for diverse content types, including UI text, documentation, and reference content 
 Experience developing or implementing metadata standards, taxonomies, and search keyword strategies for improved content discoverability and consistency 
 Passionate about improving customer experiences by applying practical information architecture principles to technical documentation 
 Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communications skills 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technical Editor jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Senior Technical Editor salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
