
 
 
 
 Predoctoral Young Investigator, PRIOR - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Predoctoral Young Investigator, PRIOR The Allen Institute for AI Seattle, WA Allen AI Predoctoral Young Investigator, PRIOR
 
The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2) is a non-profit research institute in Seattle founded by Paul Allen and headed by Professor Oren Etzioni. The core mission of (AI2) is to contribute to humanity through high-impact AI research and engineering.
 
AI2's Perceptual Reasoning and Interaction Research team (PRIOR) seeks to advance computer vision to create AI systems that see, explore, learn, and reason about the world.
 
The Allen AI Predoctoral Young Investigator is a 1-3 year residency program. It offers predoctoral candidates the opportunity to prepare for graduate-level research through partnership with strong mentors, participation in cutting edge research, and co-authorship of papers at top venues. This program aims to position candidates for successful entry into a top graduate program.
 
 Benefits: 
Gain strong research experience through direct collaboration with AI2 researchers
 Co-author papers with AI2 researchers and get published in top venues
 Learn about and leverage AI2's data, engineering infrastructure, and research tools
 Assistance with graduate school vetting and application
 Generous travel budget
 Financial and legal support for visa acquisition
 
As a PYI in the PRIOR team, you will have the opportunity to work in a variety of research areas including:
 
Embodied AI
 Language and Vision
 Visual knowledge extraction
 Visual reasoning
 Representation learning
 Scene analysis and understanding
 Recognition, detection and segmentation
 Efficient deep learning
 And more ...
 
 What You Will Need: 
A bachelor's or master's degree in a relevant field with a desire to enter a PhD program in the next 1-3 years
 Relevant coursework such as computer vision, deep learning, machine learning
 Research background via publications or projects in computer vision, machine learning, natural language processing, etc.
 Prototyping skills to implement preliminary research ideas
 Experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, Tensorflow, etc.)
 Strong collaboration skills - our environment is small and collaborative, and we'd like you to thrive on working closely with others.
 
 Bonus qualifications: 
Publications in top-tier computer vision or machine learning conferences
 Strong Mathematics background or high grades in Mathematics courses
 Strong software development skills
 High GPA in relevant courses
 Experience with cloud services (e.g., AWS and Azure)
 
 Who We Are: 
In addition to AI2's core mission, we also aim to contribute to humanity through our treatment of each member of the AI2 Team. Some highlights are:
 
We are a learning organization – because everything AI2 does is ground-breaking, we are learning every day. Similarly, through weekly AI2 Academy lectures, a wide variety of world-class AI experts as guest speakers, and our commitment to your personal on-going education, AI2 is place where you will have opportunities to continue learning alongside your coworkers.
 We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age. We particularly encourage applications from women, non-binary individuals, people of color, members of the LGBTQA+ community, and people with disabilities of any kind.
 We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered.
 We emphasize a healthy work/life balance – we believe our team members are happiest and most productive when their work/life balance is optimized. While we value powerful research results which drive our mission forward, we also value dinner with family, weekend time, and vacation time. We offer generous paid vacation and sick leave as well as family leave.
 We are collaborative and transparent – we consider ourselves a team, all moving with a common purpose. We are quick to cheer our successes, and even quicker to share and jointly problem solve our failures.
 We are in Seattle – and our office is on the water! We have mountains, we have lakes, we have four seasons, we bike to work, we have a vibrant theater scene, and we have so much else. We even have kayaks for you to paddle right outside our front door. We welcome interest from applicants from outside of the United States.
 We are friendly – chances are you will like every one of the 100+ (and growing) people who work here. We do.
 
AI2 is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hr@allenai.org or you may call us at  206-548-5600 . The Allen Institute for AI 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Investigator jobs in Seattle, WA Investigator salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Allen Institute for AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
