
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Engineer, Ad Platforms - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Engineer, Ad Platforms Apple 10,251 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 15, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200250697 
At Apple, we work every single day to build products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and visionary content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in App Store. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy.
We are looking for an ambitious individual who can thrive in an Agile environment. You will develop and apply advanced techniques and algorithms to improve an ad network. You’ll be developing and implementing new optimization and advertising algorithms. The position also involves developing a keen understanding of the ad network behavior; detecting meaningful data patterns; assuring the integrity and breadth of the data; measuring user, campaign and app performance; and finally analyzing the results of extremely large-scale experiments. In addition, the successful candidate will also apply advanced ML techniques for designing privacy mechanisms, encryption techniques, pricing/auction strategies and ranking algorithms, by utilizing data available only on the user’s device. 
Key Qualifications 
You will apply advanced statistical / ML methods and work with large, complex data sets. 
You have experience with Systems Software implementation of new algorithms and data engineering / analysis aspects of an ad network in Python and/or Scala and/or Java, or you have research experience in at least three of the following research areas: Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Statistics, Personalization, Recommender Systems, Information Retrieval, Natural Language Processing 
You will propose, design and analyze new algorithms to benefit the ad network. 
Proficiency with databases, SQL, and scripting languages. 
Practical understanding of the mathematics behind modern machine learning, linear algebra and statistics. 
Proven ability to apply statistical techniques to tackle real problems. 
Ability to take requirements from design through to implementation both independently and with larger teams. 
Closely working with operational teams on deployment, monitoring, management concerns 
Description 
You will have the opportunity to work on a platform with extreme scale requirements. You should have experience developing and implementing ad algorithms, yield optimization solutions and marketplace data analyses within an ad network. You have excellent understanding of scalable architectures including operational concerns. Your ability to be a great teammate under tight deadline constraints is key to success. 
Education & Experience 
MS/PhD in computer science or equivalent field with 4+ years relevant experience. Apple 25 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
