
 
 
 
 Sr. Counsel - Quincy, MA 02169 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Counsel Retail Business Services 50 reviews Quincy, MA 02169 Retail Business Services 50 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The primary purpose of this position is to provide omnichannel and commercial services legal advice for decision-making to Retail Business Services, LLC and its US affiliated companies (collectively the "US Companies"). This Senior Counsel position works independently with the US companies on matters involving negotiation of high-value and strategic business contracts; support of data governance, privacy and security issues; and advice regarding risk and regulatory considerations in the operation of an omnichannel grocery retail business. This position supports business partners across the US companies, including but not limited to Sourcing, Procurement, Not for Resale, Information Technology, Supply Chain, Human Resources, Marketing and Pharmacy. The position provides advice and counsel to all levels of management on strategic initiatives, general legal advice, risk considerations and regulatory compliance requirements and policy matters.
 
 
Principle Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Provide legal advice to colleagues at all levels of the business to support the US Companies’ legal compliance. Assess legal risk and strategy to develop business-oriented solutions. Review and negotiate contracts on behalf of the business. Support the business when questions or issues arise throughout the contract lifecycle. Advise business partners about data governance, privacy and security compliance requirements. Support related projects. Counsel business partners about the spectrum of legal and regulatory requirements for operating an omnichannel grocery retail business, including but not limited to e-commerce, digital and evolving technologies (artificial intelligence, machine learning, blockchain, biometrics, IoT, etc.). Serve as the primary legal resource for specific business groups in brand counsel or function liaison roles. Prepare materials and deliver training to business partners, as needed. Draft policies and guidance, as needed. Work on special projects, as assigned. 
Requirements Basic Requirements: 
 Juris Doctorate degree from an accredited US law school Current, valid licensure in one or more US states 7+ years’ experience practicing law Experience in negotiating business contracts and counseling business partners through the contract lifecycle process.
 Retail, omnichannel/e-commerce, supply chain, privacy and/or information security experience preferred but not required. 
Skills and Abilities: 
 Analytical skills Verbal and written communication skills Desire to collaborate and work as part of a team Negotiation and problem-solving skills Business- and solutions-oriented mindset High attention to detail Initiative and ability to work independently Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines FoodLion 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Counsel jobs in Quincy, MA Jobs at Retail Business Services in Quincy, MA Senior Counsel salaries in Quincy, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Retail Business Services 50 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
