
 
 
 
 Director Applied Artificial Intelligence - Lincolnshire, IL 60069 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Applied Artificial Intelligence Zebra Technologies 463 reviews Lincolnshire, IL 60069 Zebra Technologies 463 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
At Zebra, we’re reinventing how businesses operate at the enterprise edge - helping them run faster, smarter, and more connected than ever before. A  dynamic community of builders, doers and problem solvers , we each play a unique role - shaping new technologies, bringing solutions to market, and partnering with companies on the front line of business. Being a part of Zebra means making your mark as we make digital transformation a reality. It means growing into a leader at a leading company that makes a distinct difference - because together, we’ve only just begun.  Build Today. Create Tomorrow.  Become a leader at a leading company.  Become a Zebra! 
Zebra Technologies’ Chief Technology Office incubates solutions and develops Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to improve operations of Zebra’s customers in the retail, transportation & logistics, and warehouse markets. The CTO’s Solution Incubation (CTO-SI) Team focuses on advanced development and application of emerging edge sensing, artificial intelligence, and workflow optimization technologies in innovative end-to-end system prototypes to solve real-world problems and advance these systems and AI technologies into Zebra businesses. The CTO-SI Applied AI Team’s expertise focuses on machine learning, computer vision, decision making, and natural language processing. 
 
Responsibilities: 
The Global Applied AI Director oversees a multi-site AI research team in Chicago, London, Shanghai, and Bangalore and collaborates as a member of the CTO-SI leadership team. 
The Director leads a team of senior AI research managers and their teams to advance exploratory research and development projects in computer vision and machine learning to create innovative customer solutions. This includes: 
Develop and manage the AI technology R&D vision, strategy, roadmap, and portfolio. 
Regularly communicate and inspire the AI Research team regarding team goals and objectives. 
Lead development and delivery of AI algorithms and software into high-value solutions and products. 
Recognize, guide, and coach team members on career development and performance.
 Administer a team budget and people management tasks. 
Nurture Zebra core values and encourage the creation of patents & publications from the team. 
The Director also contributes to the CTO Solution Incubation leadership team. This includes: 
Align CTO-SI programs and objectives with Zebra businesses and identify new growth opportunities. 
Collaborate on people and financial resource prioritization and allocation to CTO-SI programs. 
Provide thought leadership communications to Zebra executives and customers. 
Identify organizational development needs, define options and proposals, and execute; this includes resource growth options through acquisitions, low-cost centers, and third-party contractors. 
Play on the bigger Zebra and CTO-SI team, prioritizing the larger team objectives. 
Qualifications:
 
Minimum Qualifications: 
PhD Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering, preferably with a concentration in machine learning, computer vision, or natural language processing; alternatively, a comparable industry career, with significant experience in delivering products using state-of-the-art computer vision or machine learning systems. 
12+ years of hands-on engineering experience, including 5+ years of managing a computer vision or a machine learning team. 
Solid foundation in machine learning (including deep neural networks), computer vision, and the application of ML/CV technologies, libraries, and frameworks in practical system implementations. 
Professional experience in software development (design and development life cycle in Python/C++/Java/JavaScript). 
Professional experience in microservices-based deployment of AI algorithms on cloud platforms (GCP, AWS or Azure). 
Experience using Agile program management methodologies and tools. 
An internally recognized leader who exercises judgment within broadly defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. 
Ability to distill informal customer requirements into problem definitions. 
Ability to articulate customer and business value resulting from technology research outcomes. 
Experience working with cross-functional teams to deliver on program objectives. 
Proven achievements in developing and managing a research vision and portfolio of research initiatives, with algorithms that have been successfully integrated into production systems. 
Strong track record of hiring and leading experienced engineers and researchers as well as a successful record of developing team members on both technical and managerial career tracks. 
Superior verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to clearly explain the technology and its business and customer implications to executives and customers. 
Preferred Qualifications:: 
Experience in apply for governmental grants and cutting-edge research projects that advance the art is preferred. 
Ability to work effectively on teams at all levels – direct reports, peers, cross-org, and corporate is preferred. 
Player/coach mentality is preferred, enjoys mentoring technical staff. 
Past or current technical Fellow, or equivalent title is preferred. Zebra Technologies 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Lincolnshire, IL Jobs at Zebra Technologies in Lincolnshire, IL Director salaries in Lincolnshire, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zebra Technologies Zebra Technologies 463 reviews A global leader respected for innovation and reliability, Zebra provides enabling technologies that allow customers to take smarter actio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
