
 
 
 
 Platform Security Researcher - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Platform Security Researcher Intel 5,455 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Intel 5,455 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Become a member of one of the largest engineering companies in the world! 
The Data Process Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Offensive Security Research(OSR) group has an exciting opportunity in the Xeon Datacenter team that will take your hacker skills to the next level. Primarily focusing on server CPUs (Atom and Xeon based), accompanying chipsets, platforms and secure technologies. 
 
DPEA-OSR has as an objective to lead proactive Intel focus on security assurance to establish and maintain trust in Intel Products, Services and Platforms; using the Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) as a reference to help drive high-quality security outcomes in product and services development at Intel. 
 
As new products on the server segment are architected and designed the DPEA-OSR Server team evaluates them based on the target market segment for each of these products. As a DPEA-OSR team member you will get to know the latest technologies in both Xeon and Atom sever CPUs, as well as PCHs and other supporting SoC. You will have the opportunity to deeply understand and work on the security assurance of technologies such as Trusted Execution Technology (TXT), Software Guard Extensions (SGX) and Trusted Domain Extensions (TDX). 
 
You will get to develop comprehensive threat models and security test plans. You will be able to prove your hacker skills throughout the whole product development process starting from security design reviews, simulation and emulation to reference platforms. During your security assurance work, you will work closely with architects, designers, validators and security architects. 
 
As a member of DPEA-OSR you will get access to Intel's security community and security experts in different fields. You will also get the opportunity to work on exploits on leading edge technologies as well as participating in different conferences and publications related to security. 
Behavioral Traits: 
Work autonomously in a less structured type environment with minimal supervision. 
Passion for security for both building & breaking mindsets. 
Position to start in Q3 2021. 
Qualifications 
You must possess minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Minimum Requirements: 
The candidate must have a Master’s or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related field. 
Minimum of 8+ years of experience in: 
System security research. 
Exploring software and hardware techniques as a method of attack against targets within the computing systems. 
Security code review, analysis, and vulnerability assessment. 
Exploitation and mitigation technique developments. 
Security testing techniques including fuzzing and pen-testing. 
Expertise in architecting, strategizing and evangelizing advanced product security countermeasures into products is valuable. 
Experience with security threats, vulnerability research along with practicing security development lifecycle practices. 
Security technologies: authentication, cryptography, secure protocols, etc. 
Computer architecture; GFX, CPU, SoC, chipsets, BIOS, Firmware, Drivers, and others. 
Preferred qualifications: 
Experience in reverse engineering. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Platforms Engineering and Architecture (DPEA) Group invents, designs & builds the world's most critical computing platforms which fuel Intel's most important business and solve the world's most fundamental problems. DPEA enables that data center which is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, Santa Clara 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Officer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Intel in Hillsboro, OR Security Officer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,455 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
