
 
 
 
 Senior System Engineer - Glassboro, NJ 08028 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior System Engineer Rowan University 225 reviews Glassboro, NJ 08028 Rowan University 225 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Systems Engineer 
 
We are seeking a dedicated, experienced, adaptable, self-starter who enjoys learning and working with a wide variety of technologies. 
 
In this position, you will work as a member of the Infrastructure Services groups that handles the end-to-end management of all University owned network, server and storage infrastructure. You will be part of a dedicated and creative team of system engineers that are responsible for the configuration, operation, and maintenance of the University's enterprise core critical systems and services. You will also play a key role in designing and implementing Rowan’s cloud platform solution and represent Infrastructure Services on other division and institution wide projects. We are a collaborative team making a big difference to a broad community. 
 
The successful candidate must have: 
 
 4-year degree or equivalent education in a related field. Professional experience may be substituted for education on a year-for-year basis. 
 At least five years of professional position-related experience. 
 Earnest commitment to customer service. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Strength in technical problem-solving and offering creative solutions. 
 
 Responsibilities may include: 
 
 Strategic Planning: 
 
 Lead planning, development, and coordination of operations for current and future infrastructure implementations. 
 Create and maintain system documentation, diagrams, operational procedures, and architectural documentation. 
 Analyze infrastructure performance in order to resolve problems or make appropriate recommendations. 
 
 Administration: 
 
 Implementation, configuration, maintenance, support, and security of the University's Server environment. This includes Red Hat Linux, Window Server 2012/2016, Microsoft Active Directory, DFS, and Red Hat Satellite. 
 Implementation and support of cloud infrastructure (AWS & Azure). 
 Implementation and administration of hypervisor platforms (VMware and Citrix XenServer.) 
 Maintenance and service for HPE server hardware (HPE BL & DL hardware) and storage (HPE 3PAR) platforms. 
 Provide user support for server hosting requests, system changes and upgrades. 
 
 Development: 
 
 Participate in the team developing and executing the University's cloud platform strategy. 
 Work to enable platforms that can support future data lake and artificial intelligence initiatives. 
 Perform capacity planning for projected future growth. Rowan University 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior System Engineer jobs in Glassboro, NJ Jobs at Rowan University in Glassboro, NJ Senior System Engineer salaries in Glassboro, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rowan University Rowan University 225 reviews Rowan University is a public university in Glassboro, New Jersey, United States, with a satellite campus in Camden, New Jersey. The schoo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
