
 
 
 
 Medical Scientist/Principal Investigator - Orlando, FL 32826 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Medical Scientist/Principal Investigator Soar Technology Orlando, FL 32826 About Us 
 
At SoarTech, our focus is in the development of artificial intelligence (AI) that reasons like humans do, to automate complex tasks, simplify human-machine interactions, or model human behaviors. Our philosophy is three-fold: to be an augmentation to, not a replacement of, the human; to think top-down, not bottom-up; and to be transparent so that decisions and processing are communicated to the human and in human-like terms. SoarTech is growing and we are looking for individuals interested in helping research, develop, and implement this exciting technology into everyday operations.
 Job Description: 
 
The Medical Scientists/Principal Investigators (PIs) at SoarTech will lead research, development and transition activities in the area of Medical Science & Technology (S&T) through the use of artificial intelligence, human behavior modeling, natural language processing, machine learning, multi-agent systems, deep learning, agent-based social simulation, data analytics, intelligent user interfaces, complex adaptive systems, decision support systems, learning technologies, augmented reality, virtual reality, simulation, robotics, data fusion, and/or game development. 
 
Activities in this area include developing and executing new concepts for addressing some of the most challenging issues faced in the Military Healthcare System (MHS) as well as helping in proposals, and leading the execution of projects including research outcomes, engineering accomplishments, transition, and budget oversight. This position requires personal initiative to accomplish technological innovation and creativity in support of new business development and project execution and knowledge specific to the DOD MHS. This position serves as the primary liaison with research sponsors. 
 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Generate ideas and concepts (collaborating with others, both within and outside the company), to develop successful proposals for work within the MHS that align with SoarTech s strategic mission of developing human-centered artificial intelligence solutions for the military s toughest problems. 
 Act in the capacity of Principal Investigator. This requires executing projects on time and within budget. This includes allocation of resources, ensuring delivery dates are met, and quality of work product meets customer needs and requirements. 
 Collaborate with others in the translation of medical S&T into engineering practice, the development of project strategy, and the implementation and execution of goals and objectives for research programs. 
 Provide leadership and coordination of staff supporting medical S&T projects and to contribute substantively to existing projects as a technical contributor. 
 Stay current in areas of relevant research through reviews of the literature and participation in industry-wide forums and discussions. Research Scientists disseminate findings through peer-reviewed publications, presentations at scientific and community meetings, seminars and other venues. 
 Performs other duties as assigned. 
 Required Skills and Experience: 
 M.S. or equivalent level degree in computer science, computer engineering or related field involving artificial intelligence, human behavior modeling, natural language processing, machine learning, multi-agent systems, deep learning, agent-based social simulation, data analytics, intelligent user interfaces, complex adaptive systems, decision support systems, learning technologies, augmented reality, virtual reality, simulation, robotics, data fusion, and/or game development. 
 Familiarity with the structure of DOD MHS, medical hierarchy and DOD Medical S&T funding 
 Good communication skills, including facilitation, negotiation and collaboration. 
 Leadership, mentoring and other skills needed to support teams and to work with subcontractors and prime contractors to accomplish common goals. 
 Strong presentation skills and an ability to confidently present research concepts and technical efforts to a wide range of audiences. 
 Familiarity with the DoD S&T community players, processes and procedures (e.g., the military services and competitive BAA processes). 
 Experience in one of the following (or a similar area): human behavior modeling, natural language processing, machine learning, multi-agent systems, deep learning, agent-based social simulation, intelligent user interfaces, complex adaptive systems, decision support systems, simulation, robotics, data fusion, and/or game development is desired. 
 Demonstrated professional maturity. 
 Ability to integrate ideas from multiple disciplines. 
 
 Preferred Skills (Not Required): 
 
 Ph.D. in computer science, computer engineering or related field involving artificial intelligence, human behavior modeling, natural language processing, machine learning, multi-agent systems, deep learning, agent-based social simulation, data analytics, intelligent user interfaces, complex adaptive systems, decision support systems, learning technologies, augmented reality, virtual reality, simulation, robotics, data fusion, and/or game development, data fusion, and/or game development. 
 Experience writing software code, as a means to better communicate with engineers as part of your project teams. 
 Strong writing skills with author publication record in peer-reviewed journals with demonstrated expertise in an established area of research interest. 
 Established record of research accomplishment, including a history of obtaining significant external funding in the DoD research community. 
 Experience with contracts and other legal documents desired, including experience in federal government acquisition process. 
 Experience in developing effective collaborations with academic and industrial partners. 
 A general understanding of Project Management best practices for scheduling, budgeting and risk management. 
 Active duty military experience. 
 
 Security Requirements: 
 
 Ability to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense (DOD) Security Clearance
 Physical Requirements:
 Prolonged periods sitting at a desk and working on a computer. 
 Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.
 Soar Technology offers a full package of benefits and competitive salary, flex time, excellent group medical, vision, and dental programs. At SoarTech, we continuously invest in the development of your skills by providing budgeted time for technical skills development for all of our engineers. Soar Technology 6 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Medical Investigator jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at Soar Technology in Orlando, FL Medical Investigator salaries in Orlando, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Soar Technology Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
