
 
 
 
 Perception Engineer - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Perception Engineer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Irvine, CA Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
SUMMARY / ABOUT THE JOB 
The Perception Team at Anduril is developing software at the intersection of machine learning, computer vision, and sensor fusion. We apply convolutional deep learning techniques to multi-spectral sensor inputs for autonomous detection and classification. Lattice Ghost UAS, Sentry Tower and other autonomous platforms work in tandem to fuse these detections using Bayesian inference. Our engineers also apply classical techniques in computer vision to perceive environmental features for pose estimation and GPS-denied navigation. Perception engineers at Anduril develop cutting edge software for autonomous operation and situational awareness. 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
BS, MS, or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science or related field 
Experience with: LiDAR, Radar, and Optical sensors 
State estimation, probabilistic inference and particle filtering 
Sensor characterization and modeling 
Euclidean geometry and quaternion transformations 
Object tracking and detection association 
Advanced experience in MATLAB or Python 
Passion for defending the United States and her allies 
Must be able to obtain and hold a U.S. TS/SCI security clearance 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Embedded systems (NVIDIA Jetson, Xavier) 
Distributed edge computing 
Tensorflow or PyTorch CNN architecture design and hyperparameter tuning 
Multimodal machine learning and sensor fusion 
Unmanned Aerial Systems 
C++ proficiency 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Irvine, CA Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
