
 
 
 
 Software Systems Engineer@ - Fort Belvoir, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Systems Engineer@ CEDENT Fort Belvoir, VA Job details Salary $70 - $120 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Title: Software Systems Engineer@ Fort Belvoir, VA 
Terms of Hire: Full time. 
Salary: $70-120 K /YR + Benefits 
 
Job Responsibilities 
 Essential Job Functions: : 
You will work with cross functional teams to understand vehicle architectures, including network topology, subsystem component relationships, and subsystem component interfaces required to develop, integrate, and test Automated Target Recognition (AiTR) and sensor subsystems onto both manned ground vehicle platforms and manned ground vehicle platforms. You will support development of Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities that will reduce operator workload, including the development of Automated Target Recognition (AiTR) algorithms. You will configure and maintain the C5ISR System Integration Lab (SIL) at Fort Belvoir, VA to perform hardware-in-the-loop (HWIL) functional, performance, and integration testing for the AiTR and sensor subsystem. For sensor and AiTR subsystem components where hardware is not available, you will configure the SIL to use representative subsystem component simulations. You will work with the CCDC Ground vehicle Systems Center (GVSC) to negotiate and validate subsystem interfaces between the AiTR and sensor subsystem and other vehicle subsystems. You will provide onsite support at customer and US Army facilities where you will load, configure, and maintain AiTR and sensor subsystem software in System Integration Labs (SILs) and manned / robotic ground vehicle platforms in support of military exercises and field demonstrations. 
 Required Skills:  : Due to the sensitivity of customer related requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required. Must be able to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance at the secret level. Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent. Five plus years preferred of C++ programming experience with a strong emphasis on object-oriented programming (OOP). Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with frequent customer interaction. Independent thinker, proven problem solver, and troubleshooter.Real-Time Embedded development experience highly preferred. Experience programming in a Linux and Windows OS environments. 
 Desired Skills:  : Two to three years of experience proven forming sensor integration, including interfacing with sensor systems using traditional video interface standards such as GigE Vision, Cameralink, etc., to provide command / control and to receive data / video. Two to three years of experience developing digital video software applications . 
You Will Enjoy:
 An opportunity to be a part of a great culture, an awesome team, a challenging work environment, and some fun along the way! 
 Apply today to learn more and be part of our Growth story. 
 All applications will be kept strictly confidential and once shortlisted, our team will be in touch with you for further discussions. CEDENT 25 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Fort Belvoir, VA Jobs at CEDENT in Fort Belvoir, VA System Engineer salaries in Fort Belvoir, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from CEDENT Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
