
 
 
 
 Loan Officer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Loan Officer Radius Financial Group Inc Remote Description:
 
Are you: Team Inspired? Customer Obsessed? Results Driven? Kinda Curious? Character Matters? 
radius continues to change the lives of those who choose to originate loans for our company. This infectious enthusiasm has helped spur our growth all along the Eastern Seaboard. We have developed a culture that prioritized team inspired people focused on winning. The result: countless purpose-filled careers for those eager to take advantage of the opportunity. 
What is Our Culture? 
Supportive Deal Desk, if you need structuring help. Marketing Team Support CRM – Total Expert Training – Company Led/ Xinnix Partnership 
Innovative Technology Focused on Artificial intelligence (BOTS) Robotic Process Automation (BOTS) Mobile Experience for both Consumer and LO Cutting edge collaboration tools – Connect with team on the go! Interactive consumer experience 
Progressive Purchase focused Growth Oriented Right sized for today’s market Pricing concessions if needed to keep you competitive. 
Strengths Extremely Strong and Cutting-Edge Technology that maximizes efficiency, convenience and speed. 100% Customer Obsessed Attractive Products and Pricing Models Very Robust Marketing Department, not focused on a one size fits all mentality A built-in marketing budget that grows in tandem with your personal production Operational support with LOA and Processor are provided to help you grow your business Highly competitive commission structure. 
. Requirements:
 
Primary Responsibilities: Evaluate loan request though our automated loan application system Analyze financial data Structure loans to comply with acceptable lending practices and Federal regulations. Develop a personal marketing plan Build and Maintain relationship with customers throughout the loan process. Create a Marketing plan for your referral partners. Realtors, Builders, Developers and Past Clients. 
Although you may work remote, you won't be alone LOA Support Dedicated processor for your loan files In house underwriting/closing Need help structuring a loan file, or have a guideline question(s)? Our Deal Desk, will help insure you are on the right path. Radius Financial Group Inc 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Loan Officer jobs in Remote Jobs at Radius Financial Group in Remote Loan Officer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Radius Financial Group Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
