
 
 
 
 API Software Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications API Software Engineer World Resources Institute Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary 
 
In this role, you will join a dynamic team of engineers that is changing the future of forest and land-use monitoring. You will be working within a matrixed group across both technical and non-technical teams within the WRI Data Lab including product managers, GIS analysts, internal software engineers and external web developers.
 
 
The main focus of your work will be around building and maintaining microservices for a REST API for managing, analyzing and serving out high resolution spatial temporal data. Additionally, you will work on automated data processing, and managing saved datasets in our API for display on various websites of our organization, including Resource Watch and Global Forest Watch.
 
 
Our primary coding languages are Python and NodeJS. Our tech stack includes AWS, Terraform, Docker, Github, Kubernetes, Apache Spark, PostgreSQL and Linux. 
 
This position can be remote and the candidate can be based in any of the countries(Indonesia, China, India, UK, Netherlands, Brazil, Mexico, Ethiopia or United States) where we have our International office. 
 
 Job Responsibilities 
 
API Development (80%):
 
 Author, update, and debug API microservices 
Contribute to API design and architecture 
Write comprehensive unit and end-to-end tests 
Write documentation for API and other backend processes that meet developer needs and WRI quality standards 
Diagnose and mitigate performance issues 
Write code to automate data updates and streamline data management 
Participate in reviewing peers’ code 
User Engagement & Coordination (20%):
 
 Serve as a technical point person for GFW / Resource Watch API and represent engineering team in internal and external meetings 
Provide technical training for WRI staff and partners as needed 
Attend occasional conferences to present the API and other technical aspects of GFW and Resource Watch 
Job Qualifications 
 
Master’s degree or bachelor's degree required 
Minimum of 5 to 7 years of relevant, full-time work experience 
Proven experience with Python/ FastAPI 
Additional experience with NodeJS/ Koa preferred 
Familiarity with AWS, Terraform, Docker, Github, Kubernetes, PostgreSQL and Linux 
Ability to quickly learn new technologies, architectures, and best practices 
Tireless problem-solver; motivated to contribute to solving today’s most pressing environmental and/or international development problems 
High proficiency in English 
Willingness to working during US Eastern Time core office hours 
How to Apply: 
 
Cover letter is preferred, but not required. Applicant must apply through WRI Careers portal. Candidates should provide links to code samples (1-2 repos) or their portfolio with their application. 
 
 Potential Salary: $94,000 - $128,000 if based in United States.  Salary is commensurate with experience and other compensable factors. 
 
 Program Overview 
 
The Research, Data, and Innovation team works to ensure high quality research and knowledge products, centralize data services, and help WRI harness the data revolution. The RDI team is divided into 3 groups: Research Integrity – supports research skill development and research project planning. They also manage WRI’s knowledge product review process. Library Services – library staff help researchers access articles and other academic materials, set up literature reviews, and develop research strategy. Data Lab – Data services include API management, support for data and technical staff, Resource Watch, etc. How RDI works with other core services: RDI works in concert with Managing for Results (MfR) on WRI-wide strategic planning and monitoring, evaluation, and learning, in addition to creating a data-driven research culture at WRI. RDI works closely with the Development team to support the Large Proposal Review Process. RDI works with the Core Communications team to coordinate the knowledge product review and production process. They also work together to align communications products with knowledge products. 
WRI’s Data Lab works throughout the institute to help our researchers harness the full power of the data revolution and use modern technology to solve today’s most pressing issues. The Data Lab upholds WRI’s rigorous data standards and commitment to open data and knowledge-sharing. Over time, we will scale up the use of innovative analytical methods, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML), to build tools that help partners and users advance solutions for sustainable development. 
WRI Overview 
World Resources Institute (WRI) is an independent, nonprofit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity and human well-being. We are working to address seven critical challenges that the world must overcome this decade in order to secure a sustainable future for people and the planet: climate change, energy, food, forests, water, sustainable cities, and the ocean. 
We are passionate. We value our diversity of interests, skills and backgrounds. We have a flexible work environment. And we share a common goal to catalyze change that will improve the lives of people. Our shared ideals are at the core of our approach. They include: integrity, innovation, urgency, independence and respect. 
The foundation of our work is delivering high-quality research, data, maps and analysis to solve the world’s greatest environment and international development challenges, and improve people’s lives. We work with leaders in government, business and civil society to drive ambitious action and create change on the ground. Equally important, we bring together partners to develop breakthrough ideas and scale-up solutions for far-reaching, enduring impact. 
We have been growing rapidly: our staff has doubled in size over the past 5 years and our operating budget is now $150 million. Founded in 1982, WRI has a global staff of 1,000+ people with work spanning 60 countries. We have offices in Africa, Brazil, China, Europe, India, Indonesia, Mexico and the United States as well as a growing presence in other countries and regions. 
WRI is committed to advancing gender and social equity for human well-being in our mission and applies this principle to our organizational and programmatic practices. World Resources Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job Back End Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at World Resources Institute in Remote Back End Developer salaries in Remote Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
