
 
 
 
 Software Developer(s) - Los Angeles, CA 90025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer(s) TDmonthly Los Angeles, CA 90025 Job details Salary $45 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Please indicate position of interest to. 
 HR Dept. 
ToyDirectory.com® Inc. 
12340 Santa Monica Blvd. Suite 237 
Los Angeles, CA 90025
 
E-mail: emailtoydirectory@gmail.com 
 Responsible for the creation of custom software for web interaction as well as the modification/implementation of existing programs. Will work alone under the supervision of the COO. 
 Applicant must have experience in Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence. Starting pay rate: $15/hr to $45/hr DOE 
 Assist in all database projects and tasks as well. GPA 3.6 or above. 
 Flexible schedule. Part-time and full-time positions. TDmonthly 30+ days ago If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at TDmonthly in Los Angeles, CA Software Engineer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from TDmonthly Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
