
 
 
 
 SEI SSRS Developer - Des Plaines, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SEI SSRS Developer Capgemini 8,255 reviews Des Plaines, IL Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Able to independently work on technology projects. 
Good development experience with SSRS/Crystal/BI reporting Technologies. 
A solid understanding of data management best-practices and in-depth experience with Microsoft SSRS is required. 
Good knowledge of SQL and performance tuning of queries. 
Good working knowledge of C# and .Net technologies 
Development/implementation experience with Azure (certification will be a plus) and a couple of years of experience with the DevOps 
Assessing the technical requirements of the project and recommending suitable IT components 
Excellent analytical and observation skills 
Recommend upgrades and new systems that will be more useful for the project 
Knowledge of Powershell, python and other scripting languages will be very valuable. 
Good understanding and knowledge of the Windows concepts, Domains, Single Sign On, SAML, network, and application software 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Des Plaines, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Des Plaines, IL Developer salaries in Des Plaines, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
