
 
 
 
 US International Tax Manager - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search US International Tax Manager Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Manage and prepare US international tax calculations, including E&P, Subpart F inclusions, GILTI, BEAT, FDII, and foreign tax credits 
Manage and prepare Forms 5471, 8858, 8865, 1118 and other international tax reporting/disclosures for the US federal income tax return ensuring timely and accurate tax return filings 
Assisting with the preparation of aspects of the US GAAP tax accounting of non-US operations for the quarterly and annual income tax provisions 
Reviewing foreign tax packages and working with foreign tax teams 
Support continuous improvements in tax provision and compliance processes by challenging the status quo to optimize efficiency, including using transformation tools robotic processes. Interfacing with the IRS, state revenue agencies, and outside advisors to resolve tax controversies 
Carry out tax technical research and understand impact of proposed tax legislation and prepare technical memos and documentation 
Your Qualifications include, but not limited to: 
5+ years of large corporate or Big Four tax experience in U.S. international tax 
Graduate degree or CPA preferred 
Knowledge of ONESOURCE and advance use of Excel 
Experience with SAP, Blackline, Power BI, and Alteryx is a plus. 
Tax controversy experience is preferred 
Well organized and focused on structure in the compliance process 
Able to work independently and identify solutions to challenging issues in a fast- paced, business focused environment 
Strong focus on working as a team and contributing to staff development 
Detailed oriented with the ability to multi-task 
A focus on value creation and a passion for tax 
About Us 
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world. 
Micron Benefits 
Employee Rewards Program, Healthcare, Paid time off (Combined Sick and Vacation Time), Retirement savings plans, Paid maternity/paternity leave, Employee Assistance Program, Professional development training, Workplace wellness programs, Micron Health Clinic (Boise only), Fitness Center / Activity rooms (Boise only), Tuition Reimbursement, Micron Corporate Discounts, Casual Dress attire. 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  (or 208-368-4748) or submit Job Information Request Form. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form Micron 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tax Manager jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Tax Manager salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
