
 
 
 
 VG PA Vaporfly Project Angular/UI Developer - Wayne, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VG PA Vaporfly Project Angular/UI Developer Capgemini 8,255 reviews Wayne, PA Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Strong in Angular , Angular Material, typescript, HTML, & of css (including responsive & scss). 
Ability to comprehend a piece of work, code it in Angular 
Participates in systems analysis activities, including system requirements analysis and definition, e.g. prototyping. Participates in other meetings, such as those for use case creation and analysis. 
Writes the system/technical portion of assigned deliverables. 
Assists technical team members with the system/technical portion of their deliverables, e.g., systems testers with test plans. 
On small teams, the developer may write these items. 
Performs unit testing and writes appropriate unit test plans to ensure requirements are satisfied. Assists in integration, systems, acceptance, and other related testing as needed. 
Ensures developed code is optimized in order to meet Vanguard performance specifications associated with page rendering time by completing page performance tests. 
Develops understanding of client business functions and technology needs. Develops understanding of Vanguard's tools, technologies, and applications/databases, including those that interface with the business areas and other systems. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Wayne, PA Jobs at Capgemini in Wayne, PA Developer salaries in Wayne, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
