
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Engineer - Dallas, TX 75205 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Engineer Southern Methodist University 178 reviews Dallas, TX 75205 Southern Methodist University 178 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Engineer   -   ( INF00000102 ) 
Description 
Salary 
 Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications 
 Job Summary 
 In the SMU Data Science & Research Hub, the support team ensures that our research partners stay at the leading edge of technology by identifying, demonstrating, extending, and applying emerging technologies to solve real research problems. We currently work in the fields of data science, Internet of Things, advanced computing, and applied artificial intelligence and machine learning—areas that are changing and progressing rapidly. As we show our research partners how new technologies can improve their capabilities through rapid prototyping and iterative development, we both rely on and help shape academic and institutional research at SMU.
 As a research enabler focusing on artificial intelligence and machine learning, you will identify, shape, apply, conduct, and lead research projects that matches critical academic needs. You will be responsible for building and scaling SMU’s next generation artificial intelligence and machine learning shared service in support of fast-growing research needs. 
 Are you creative, curious, energetic, collaborative, technology-focused, and hard-working? Are you interested in making a difference by bringing innovation to academic research and beyond? Apply to join our team. 
 Essential Functions 
 Hands-on research: You’ll conduct consultations and lead novel research projects in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence.
 Solution development: You’ll collaborate with and lead interdisciplinary teams to build and grow research prototypes to solve cutting-edge, real-world problems for research and institutional stakeholders.
 Strategy: You’ll work with OIT and SMU leaders and colleagues to plan, develop, and carry out an overall research strategy, and to influence the University’s research agenda regarding future technology.
 Collaboration: You'll actively participate on teams of software data scientists, developers, researchers, and technical leads. You'll build relationships and support researchers, students, and other SMU stakeholders to understand and to address challenges, needs, possible solutions, and research deliverables.
 Mentoring: You'll contribute to improving the overall technical capabilities of the SMU by mentoring and teaching others, participating in design (software and otherwise) sessions, and sharing insights and wisdom across the OIT Data Science & Research Hub support team. 
 
 Qualifications 
Education and Experience 
 A Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Informatics, Engineering, or related discipline with three (3) years of experience; OR PhD in the same fields with one year of experience in a relevant discipline is required for this position. 
 Required experience: 
 Proven experience in machine learning, deep learning, active learning, and/or transfer learning to solve practical AI problems 
 Experience in developing container-based systems. 
 A wide array of experience with machine learning is required (both supervised and unsupervised) and Bayesian techniques and probabilistic programming is desirable. 
 Experience using version control software (e.g., Git, SVN, Mercurial). 
 Knowledge of building distributed systems (e.g. MapReduce, Hadoop, or Spark) or distributed search engine (e.g. Lucene, ElasticSearch, or Solr) for analytics 
 Knowledge of data modeling in relationship databases (e.g. MySQL, PostgreSQL, Snowflake, etc.) and/or NoSQL databases (e.g. ElasticSearch, MongoDB, Columnar databases, etc.) 
 
 Desired Experience 
 Track record of conducting research and leading projects in machine learning and artificial intelligence. A reputation for the highest level of research and technical integrity. Demonstrated contributions and published research. 
 Ability to design and enable AI infrastructure to efficiently support predictive modeling and analytics tasks on research and institutional data 
 Familiar with technical challenges and emerging trends in computing and information science, and awareness of opportunities in industry and research 
 Research in applied machine learning and artificial intelligence. Previous work with tools, techniques, algorithms, software, and programming languages for deep learning, reinforcement learning, statistics, sensors and sensor fusion, planning, computer vision, or related areas. 
 Familiarity with the process of formulating research proposals to funding agencies and an appetite to obtain these types of awards 
 
 Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 Communication and Collaboration: Strong written and verbal communication skills and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues. Grasps the big picture, direction, and goals of an effort while focusing great attention to detail. Ability to present complex ideas to people who may not have a deep understanding of the subject area.
 Dedication: Ability to meet deadlines while multi-tasking–sometimes under pressure and with shifting priorities.
 Creativity and Innovation: Creative and curious, and inspired by the prospect of collaborating with researchers and visionaries at SMU and other communities and organizations. Ability to quickly learn new procedures, techniques, and approaches. Forward-looking and can connect research with practical challenges.
 Knowledge and Learning: Possess broad technical interests along with a deep knowledge of a particular field such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, and autonomous and adaptive systems. 
   Required Skills 
 Ability to self-manage, work independently and meeting deadlines 
 Critical thinking skills 
 Willingness to learn and ability to learn quickly 
 Teamwork mentality and skill set 
 Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills 
 Perform in the fast-paced environment of a rapidly growing research & data science support group 
 Quickly understand new technology areas and manage and adapt to rapidly changing customer needs 
 Work in a team-oriented environment 
 Participate in multiple technical projects at once (typically 3 or 4 projects simultaneously) 
 Execute work, summarize results, and prepare reports (as required) 
 Communicate well verbally and in writing 
 Apply proactive and reactive problem-solving skills 
 Think analytically and communicate complex ideas to peers having different technical backgrounds 
 Participate in critical design reviews 
 Prepare estimates and technical input for bids and proposals 
 Proficient with Linux/Unix operating systems 
 Proficient with algorithm development/programming in Python, R, or C/C++ 
 Knowledge of GPU programming 
 
 Physical/Environmental Demands 
 Stand 
 Walk for long distances 
 Reach above shoulders 
 Handle objects (dexterity) 
 Carry/Lift 25lbs 
 Sit for long periods of time 
 
 Deadline to Apply 
 This position is open until filled. 
 EEO 
 SMU will not discriminate in any program or activity on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity and expression. The Executive Director for Access and Equity/Title IX Coordinator is designated to handle inquiries regarding nondiscrimination policies and may be reached at the Perkins Administration Building, Room 204, 6425 Boaz Lane, Dallas, TX 75205,  214-768-3601 , accessequity@smu.edu. 
 
Primary Location :  USA-TX-Dallas 
Job :  Information Technology 
Organization :  Information Technology Services 
Schedule :  Regular 
Shift :  Staff 
Employee Status :  Individual Contributor 
Job Type :  Full-time 
Job Level :  Day Job 
Travel :  No 
Job Posting :  Apr 26, 2021, 11:35:57 AM Southern Methodist University 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Southern Methodist University Southern Methodist University 178 reviews Southern Methodist University (SMU) is a private research university in   Dallas. Founded in 1911 by the Methodist Episcopal Church, Sout... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
