
 
 
 
 Health Technology Reporter - Arlington, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Health Technology Reporter POLITICO 21 reviews Arlington, VA 22209 POLITICO 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description POLITICO is seeking an experienced, aggressive reporter to join our ranks covering the future of health care. 
You’ll join a hard-charging team chronicling how technology is transforming the American health care system. Your reporting will identify trends in health care technology, including the use of technology-enabled care and privacy concerns. You’ll track regulators’ responses to the fast-changing landscape and the impact of artificial intelligence and emerging technologies. Your work will appear across all POLITICO platforms, including our Future Pulse and Morning eHealth newsletters, POLITICO Pro and politico.com. 
We’re looking for an enterprising journalist with deep curiosity, deft news judgment and a track record of revelatory storytelling. You should be comfortable working collaboratively with colleagues across POLITICO beats and must be able to work quickly and efficiently in a highly productive, fast-moving newsroom. 
What you'll need: 
At least three years of reporting experience on health care, technology or a related beat 
An excellent grasp of how to uncover stories about health technology and its impact on patients, providers and the rest of the health care system 
Demonstrated drive to break news and beat the competition 
Proven track record of navigating a demanding, fast-moving reporting role 
Established ability to juggle shorter-term tasks with long-term projects with clarity and accuracy 
We are driven by our values.  We are relentless contributors, disruptors, collaborators, and talent cultivators. Our culture is defined by grit, total integrity, and a prioritization on innovation. 
We value our people.  We offer a competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits package, including health and wellness benefits, commuter benefits, retirement plans, as well as work-life balance flexibility and opportunities for career development. 
Let’s keep in touch.  Follow us on Instagram and Twitter at @politicocareers and #meetPOLITICO for a deep dive into what makes us POLITICOs and our adventures. We’d love to hear from you! 
Want to join POLITICO but don’t see a job suited to you? Sign up to be a part of our Talent Network to be alerted of future opportunities. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities 
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) Politico 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Reporter jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at POLITICO in Arlington, VA Reporter salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from POLITICO 21 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
