
 
 
 
 3D Computer Vision Software Developer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search 3D Computer Vision Software Developer Kitware Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Team Description: 
Our Computer Vision team is a leader in the creation of cutting-edge algorithms and software for automated image and video analysis. Our solutions embrace deep learning and add measurable value to government agencies, commercial organizations, and academic institutions worldwide. We understand the difficulties in extracting, interpreting, and utilizing information across images, video, metadata, and text, and we recognize the need for robust, affordable solutions. We seek to advance the fields of computer vision and deep learning through research and development and through collaborative projects that build on our open source software platform, the Kitware Image and Video Exploitation and Retrieval (KWIVER) toolkit. 
About the projects: 
Kitware’s 3D computer vision team develops algorithms and open source applications for photogrammetry: reconstructing 3D models of objects from images and video. Current 3D projects have an emphasis on aerial and satellite imagery sources, but capabilities are often adapted to other problem domains. These projects have created and continue to support the development of TeleSculptor, an open source application for aerial 3D reconstruction built on KWIVER, and Danesfield, an open source Python framework and web application for urban 3D modeling from satellite imagery. Our 3D vision research projects support the continued development of these tools, development and publication of new cutting edge 3D reconstruction and camera calibration algorithms, and opportunities to leverage 3D vision to assist with broader computer vision topics. The team is exploring how 3D vision algorithms can aid in object detection and tracking, change detection, super resolution, video compression, super resolution, and various other problems. We frequently explore opportunities to adapt our work to new customers with new challenges and new data domains such as underwater imagery or synthetic aperture radar. 
 In This Position You Will: 
Work with researchers to implement solutions for problems related to camera calibration, registration, and 3D reconstruction from images and video 
Contribute to the development, maintenance, and release cycle of open source software such as TeleSculptor, KWIVER, and Danesfield 
Collaborate with other developers and researchers to brainstorm ideas and peer review work 
Work with open source communities to help track software issues and manage software releases. 
Help build open source communities and promote the use of open source software 
 Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science with a minimum 2 years experience and/or a Masters degree in Computer Science or relevant subject matter and 1 year experience 
Experience with algorithms for 3D point cloud, 3D mesh, and image processing 
Highly proficient programming skills with experience using both C++ and Python specifically 
Experience developing cross platform software for Linux, MacOS and/or Windows operating systems using CMake 
Experience collaborating successfully with others and thriving in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment 
Due to contractual restrictions, only candidates that are US Persons (citizens, permanent residents, asylees or refugees) will be considered for this position. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience maintaining or contributing to large open source software projects 
Experience with geospatial libraries (GDAL, PROJ, etc.) is desirable, but not required 
 Company Description 
Kitware collaborates with customers to solve the world’s most complex scientific challenges through customized software solutions. Kitware delivers innovation by focusing on advanced technical computing, state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, and full-spectrum software solutions. Since its founding in 1998, Kitware has developed a reputation for deep customer understanding and technical expertise, honest interactions, and open innovation. For additional information, please visit kitware.com. You can also follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
Additional information 
Kitware is proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. Our team members enjoy a small company environment, flexibility in work assignments, and high levels of independence and responsibility. Besides a great work environment, our comprehensive benefits package includes a generous compensation plan, tuition reimbursement program, flexible working hours, six weeks paid time off, 401(k), health insurance, life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, bonus plan, and free coffee, drinks, and snacks. 
Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. Kitware 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job 3d Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at Kitware in Remote 3d Developer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kitware Kitware Inc. is a software research and development company. Our core areas of expertise are computer vision, data and analytics, scienti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
