
 
 
 
 Maximo Workflow Developer - Chattanooga, TN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Maximo Workflow Developer Capgemini 8,255 reviews Chattanooga, TN Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Map business requirement changes into new and adjusted Maximo workflows for testing and deployment into production. 
Successful candidate will have to gather requirements details from customer documents and questioning, develop workflow change plans, have the changes reviewed and approved, implement the changes, test the results, and submit the changes for deployment approval. 
Candidate will have to help with deployment rollout, monitoring of customer usage, and ongoing support for these chnages. 
Experience in Maximo workflow creation 
Experience in requirements gather, effort estimating, and negotiation on requirements changes 
Experience working in an agile development model 
Requirements : 
Experience in working with Maximo in a utilities environment 
Experience in providing Maximo application support for workflows 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Merchandise Flow Team Member jobs in Chattanooga, TN Jobs at Capgemini in Chattanooga, TN Merchandise Flow Team Member salaries in Chattanooga, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
