
 
 
 
 Senior Financial Specialist - McLeansville, NC 27301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Financial Specialist General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews McLeansville, NC 27301 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or Business equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required within a reasonable period of time. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
At General Dynamics Mission Systems, we create the technologies, products and services that help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe. The work we do is so advanced, we are continuously moving the boundaries of what’s possible. Here you’ll work with the best and your talent will be front and center on projects that impact the world. Are you up to the challenge? 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.
 
 
Utilizing your strong analytical skills, you’ll prepare, analyze and evaluate financial information associated with forecasts and cost pools for budget, forecast, pricing, planning, invoicing and control. Additionally, the Senior Financial Specialist will actively monitor the actual costs of programs and compare allocations to the budgeted costs to identify and understand variances, interprets data to determine present and future financial performance and performs month end close activities for assigned programs. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance or Business equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree 
In-depth knowledge of Earned Value methodology and basic knowledge of Earned Value Management systems 
Clear understanding of internal financial practices in General Ledger Accounting, Rates and Compliance, and Cost Proposal, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Fixed Assets, and Travel functions 
In-depth knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) 
Strong analytical skills including ability to analyze data and reconcile financial accounts 
What sets you apart: 
In-depth knowledge of revenue recognition practices 
Outstanding communication skills 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Financial Specialist jobs in McLeansville, NC Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in McLeansville, NC Senior Financial Specialist salaries in McLeansville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
