
 
 
 
 Strategy Director - Morristown, NJ 07960 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Strategy Director Avaya 1,076 reviews Morristown, NJ 07960 Avaya 1,076 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company About Avaya 
 Businesses are built by the experiences they provide, and every day millions of those experiences are delivered by Avaya Holdings Corp. (NYSE: AVYA). Avaya is shaping what's next for the future of work, with innovation and partnerships that deliver game-changing business benefits. Our cloud communications solutions and multi-cloud application ecosystem power personalized, intelligent, and effortless customer and employee experiences to help achieve strategic ambitions and desired outcomes. Together, we are committed to help grow your business by delivering Experiences that Matter. Learn more at www.avaya.com. 
Job Information 
 
The Avaya Innovation is chartered with creating new, disruptive capabilities in the market, following the direction of composable enterprise communications. Innovation will focus on artificial intelligence in particular, and networking, security, and differentiated digital functions drawing on input from customers, partners, internal development and select strategic partners. Avaya Innovation is seeking the best and the brightest to help transform how the world connects and Avaya’s culture. New recruits will be responsible for identifying, cultivating, and refining innovations to market focusing on speed to success or failing fast.
 Description 
 
The business development lead will direct the business development activities for Avaya’s Innovation organization. This individual will lead new sales and client-relationship management, track emerging markets/trends, recommend new services, propose/develop new strategic partnerships, write proposals and plans, and help to define the longer-term objectives that are needed to meet strategic business goals for the organization. A primary focus will involve increasing Avaya’s global market penetration of artificial intelligence (AI), analytics, and digital experience solutions. May direct a small team of staff. Contributes on-going leadership to cross-functional teams in support of corporate goals. Has a proven business development and sales interaction record, preferably in a cloud or service provider environment. Work is typically performed without appreciable direction. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
As business development lead for the Avaya Innovation organization, the successful candidate will collaborate with internal teams and partners, to meet the expectations of a rapidly growing business. Responsibilities will include the following: 
 
 Developing the necessary business plans to extend the market penetration of Innovation solutions/services within existing markets and into new geographic regions. 
 Contributing to the bid and proposal processes of tendering. 
 Participating in the strategic development and direction of the organization. 
 Leveraging accomplished research abilities and strong networking skills as a way to build a pipeline of new opportunities. 
 Providing market feedback to executive leadership regarding competitive offerings, new requirements and assisting with the creation of new product/service development ideas. 
 Working to stringent targets, the job holder will be required to adopt a professional and knowledgeable approach to each new business opportunity. 
 Be a role model within the business, demonstrating a commitment to effective and proactive management, promoting the values and culture of the organization. 
 Skills 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
 Strong leadership, business acumen and negotiation skills. 
 Proven track record of successfully pitching for new business. 
 Experience working with senior management to align sales strategies and solutions. 
 Proven ability to collaborate cross-functionally with other teams and partners. 
 Demonstrated ability to motivate and communicate with others at all levels. 
 Able to adapt and succeed in a changing environment. 
 Possesses extensive business relationships that can be leveraged to grow the business. 
 Previous experience working with customers to identify uses cases where the technical solution can help to solve a customer's business challenges. 
 Contact center and unified collaboration knowledge is strongly preferred. 
 Knowledge of mobility services, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and service provider grade network / services provision will be an advantage. 
 Footer 
 Avaya is an Equal Opportunity employer and a U.S. Federal Contractor. Our commitment to equality is a core value of Avaya. All qualified applicants and employees receive equal treatment without consideration for race, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran or any other protected characteristic. In general, positions at Avaya require the ability to communicate and use office technology effectively. Physical requirements may vary by assigned work location. This job brief/description is subject to change. Nothing in this job description restricts Avaya right to alter the duties and responsibilities of this position at any time for any reason. You may also review the Avaya Global Privacy Policy (accessible at https://www.avaya.com/en/privacy/policy/) and applicable Privacy Statement relevant to this job posting (accessible at https://www.avaya.com/en/documents/info-applicants.pdf). Avaya 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Strategy jobs in Morristown, NJ Jobs at Avaya in Morristown, NJ Director of Strategy salaries in Morristown, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Avaya Avaya 1,076 reviews Businesses are built on the experiences they provide, and every day millions of those experiences are built by Avaya. For over one hundre... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
