
 
 
 
 Software QA Tester - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software QA Tester Neato Robotics 7 reviews San Jose, CA Neato Robotics 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Neato Robotics is developing technology at the forefront of robotics & artificial intelligence.
 
Our products are designed to free people from household chores and will change how we all look at housekeeping tasks. Our products, the award-winning Neato family of autonomous robotic vacuums, have set new standards for intelligence, ease of use and cleaning effectiveness. The products have been available in retail and online in the U.S. since 2010, and more recently in Europe and Asia. And they are only the first few of many new products to come.
 
Our team consists of roboticists, mechanical, electrical and software engineers and product professionals who have launched brands that are now familiar names in consumer electronics. Our management team is seasoned in leading startups from early stage to successful multinational enterprises.
 
We are wholly owned subsidiary of Vorwerk International and headquartered in San Jose, CA. For more information on Neato robotics please visit our web site at www.neatorobotics.com
 
This position is for a Consumer Electronic Device / Software QA Tester to support the development of a consumer robotic product. Position reports to the SQA Manager. Testing will include sensors, mechanisms, and embedded software. Duties include writing and executing manual test cases. Report test summary and status to management. The position involves a substantial portion of "hands-on" work and requires an individual able to work independently with minimal supervision. The cross-disciplinary nature of consumer robotics products requires a candidate with understanding of evaluation of electromechanical (or robotics) systems.
 
Day to day duties include validating software builds on our current and future platforms. Performing Functional, Performance and Reliability tests. Develop and manually execute test cases. Help design and create simulated real world test environments and scenarios. Identify defects via internal testing tools, video, keen observation, and sound testing methodology. Validate robot's autonomous navigational performance. Perform design verification tests on post proto-type hardware. Validate laser and sensor performance. Compile and analyze test results.
 
Work with Software, Electrical, and Mechanical Engineers, as well as Product/Project Mgmt and Marketing throughout the development cycles. Recommend product enhancements. Participate in bug review meetings and the product/software approval process.
 
Responsibilities
 
Perform test planning, test development, validation, and improve test coverage using different testing techniques on assigned projects.
 
Perform issue reporting, research, analysis, confirmation and support resolution on assigned projects.
 
Perform a variety of QA and test related support tasks for internal development team.
 
Maintain the quality of test activity and generate documentations and reports.
 
Organize test process, result, and data to be scalable.
 
Investigate test technique to develop improved test process and the software.
 
Desirable Experience
 
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science
 
Minimum of 5 years of experience in product test engineering. (both hardware and software)
 
Strong lab skills for analyzing, debugging, and test solution development
 
Familiarity with writing test program in C, C++, Python, etc.
 
Firmware testing
 
Experience with version control solutions
 
Able to work independently and as part of a team
 
Excellent communication, organizational, time management, and interpersonal skills
 
Consumer Background - experience testing consumer electronic devices (mobile phones, hand held, tablets, Cameras, Gaming, GPS, etc) Neato Robotics 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Tester jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Neato Robotics in San Jose, CA Quality Assurance Tester salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Neato Robotics Neato Robotics 7 reviews Based in Silicon Valley, California, Neato Robotics, Inc. was founded on the idea that it’s possible to create robots that are smart enou... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
