
 
 
 
 EMI Senior Signal Integrity Engineer - Boise, ID 83716 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search EMI Senior Signal Integrity Engineer Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Boise, ID 83716 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
As a Senior EMI Signal Integrity Engineer in Micron’s EMC and Signal Integrity Lab within the Module Development and Signal Integrity group, your responsibilities include EMI characterization and analysis of parts and systems, developing EMI measurement infrastructure, and EMI customer support. This includes working closely with business units, field application engineers, product engineers, internal subject matter experts, and customers. Job responsibilities include: 
Design and conduct laboratory experiments for EMI characterization of Micron components and systems 
Analysis of EMI measurement data to understand emission sources 
Development of internal EMI characterization tools and methodologies, including EMI simulation of components and systems 
Enable and configure customer test platforms to verify and troubleshoot customer-reported EMI problems 
Drive pathfinding and debug efforts to fully understand customer-reported EMI problems 
Provide guidance on EMC procedures, techniques, and analysis to Quality team members performing compliance measurements 
Participate in EMI pathfinding efforts for cutting edge memory technologies and applications 
Communicate technical insights to application engineers, designers, and team members 
Provide general technical input on EMC issues including immunity, interference, and ESD 
Desired Qualifications: 
MSEE+ and at least 10 years of relevant experience 
Strong background in Electromagnetics, EMI/EMC, RF, and antennas 
Strong background and thorough understanding of EMI measurement tools 
Strong background and understanding of EMI/EMC test methodologies 
Skills in communicating technical concepts to customers and application engineers 
Experience with the spectrum and network analyzers 
Experience with anechoic chambers, TEM/GTEM, and near field measurements 
Experience with EM and signal integrity simulation is a plus 
Experience with customer support and customer engagement is a plus 
Experience with SI measurements is a plus 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Responsible for supporting the design and analysis of high speed memory interfaces and package power distribution networks. Involved in different product development efforts. Responsible for creating integrated circuit package models using 3D EM simulation tools and performing system simulations and analysis using various time and frequency domain simulators. Support and learn from lead and principle Signal Integrity engineers while interacting with the Package Design, Silicon Design, Product Engineering, and Marketing departments. Micron 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Integrity Engineer jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron Technology in Boise, ID Integrity Engineer salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
