
 
 
 
 Senior C++ Software Engineer, AI Streaming Software - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior C++ Software Engineer, AI Streaming Software NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for Senior C++ Software Engineer, AI Streaming Software! 
 
Academic and commercial groups around the world are powering a revolution in artificial intelligence using deep learning techniques running on NVIDIA GPUs, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing. Intelligent machines powered by AI computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. Today, a self-driving car empowered by AI can meander through a country road at night and find its way. An AI-powered robot can learn motor skills through trial and error. This is truly an outstanding time. We believe the era of AI has begun. 
 
In this role, you will develop hardware-accelerated solutions that enable rapid creation and deployment using the latest deep learning, artificial intelligence and distributed system technologies. This position offers you the opportunity to collaborate within a worldwide matrixed software teams focusing on AI based Broadcast, Robotics, Automotive, Medical and Intelligent Video Analytics), and have broad impact within our highly-dynamic and technology-focused company. You will also be responsible for planning and executing the development steps required to guarantee the compliance of the software with functional safety standards such as ISO 26262 and IEC 61508, according to the NVIDIA functional safety lifecycle.
 What you’ll be doing:
 You will be implementing various aspects of AI streaming software SDK for end-to-end solutions and new programming paradigm for Deep Learning applications for heterogeneous computing platforms incorporating deep learning accelerators, scaling from edge devices to enterprise systems, powered by NVIDIA Tesla and the Jetson platform.
 Implement and develop applications and solutions using cutting-edge state of the art distributed technologies to ensure scalability, reliability and efficiency.
 Take on complex system-level optimization and resource utilization challenges.
 Participate in a product development lifecycle that values high-standards for clear requirements, software quality and performance.
 Design new AI based streaming tools and lead technical design discussions
 Write code in C++14/17/20
 Apply functional safety software guidelines such as MISRA C/C++, AUTOSAR
 Flexibility to work cross-functional teams.
 What we need to see:
 BS in CS or CE degree preferred (or equivalent experience)
 5 + years of software development experience on Linux.
 Experience in C++ 14/17/20
 Background of video/image processing, computer vision , Deep learning and Video codecs technologies.
 Good understanding of operating systems concepts.
 Experience with cloud native architecture involving dockers, k8s.
 Strong analytical skills and proven success in problem-solving and achieving performance objectives.
 Passion for expanding your technical knowledge into new areas.
 Ability to excel in a multinational, multi-time-zone environment: excellent communication skill (verbal & written), collaborates well, represents our core values.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Excellent programming experience in C++
 Proven experience in writing software for functional safety
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and talented people in the world working for us. Are you a creative problem solver with a passion for solving real-world problems with AI? If so, we want to hear from you
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
