
 
 
 
 Automation/Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Engineer Staff - Littleton, CO 80125 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Automation/Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Engineer Staff LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Littleton, CO 80125 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The coolest jobs on this planet… or any other… are with Lockheed Martin Space. Lockheed Martin is a pioneer, partner, innovator and builder. Our amazing people are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every single day we use our skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds’ hardest engineering problems. 
 
Our culture encourages employees to dream big, perform with excellence and create incredible products. We provide the resources, inspiration and focus and if you have the passion and courage to dream big, we want to build a better tomorrow with you. 
 
Going to space is just the beginning. It’s what you do when you get there that matters. Lockheed Martin builds the satellites and spacecraft that do amazing things in space for government and commercial customers. Connecting people. Advancing discovery. And protecting what matters most. Lockheed Martin-built satellites give earlier warning of severe weather, connect troops on the battlefield, and deliver GPS directions to a billion people worldwide. 
 
Lockheed Martin Space has an immediate opportunity for a dynamic, hardworking career level Autonomy and Artificial Intelligence (A/AI) Machine Learning Engineer who wants to join our mission. If you have an interest in all thing artificial intelligence/machine learning, a passion for driving new applications of AI/ML in space, and an interest in working for a company that will put astronauts on Mars, create 3D printed satellites, launch payloads that learn in orbit, or that develop national defense systems, come and be a part of our team. At Lockheed Martin Space, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. 
 
Based out of either Littleton, CO; Sunnyvale, CA; or Valley Forge, PA this role will offer you the following challenges: 
 
 Engage with technical and business users to identify opportunities to drive business operation efficiencies and business growth Create innovative solutions to complex analysis requirements Engage in critical design reviews and provide insights into alternate design choices Develop machine learning components and integrate into business processes
 Plan, conduct, develop, and operationalize machine learning models on datasets that include time-series, text, etc. Conduct statistical analysis, set up experiments, formulate hypothesis and evaluate statistical significance to identify meaningful insights, communicate findings and provide recommendations Maintain awareness of emerging analytics technologies
 Craft whitepapers, research papers, follow industry trends in Machine learning and AI to 
integrate solutions 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 9 years of professional experience; or 7 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. Considered an emerging authority. Familiarity with one or more of the AI disciplines (e.g. Natural Language Processing, Anomaly 
Detection, Markov Chain and Monte Carlo (MCMC) Methods, Machine Learning, Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analysis and Hypothesis Testing) 
 Demonstrated proficiency in designing efficient algorithms and performing analysis with a 
numerical scripting language such as Python, R or MATLAB (preferably in Python) 
 Strong working knowledge of basic statistical concepts such as point estimation, probability 
distributions, hypothesis tests, and how they can be applied 
 Ability to implement algorithms into software to train systems to recognize patterns and perform specific functions 
Desired Skills: 
 Ability to evaluate, develop and present Analytics best practices Demonstrated pursuit of technical knowledge and education required to acquire and maintain 
an expertise of the latest technological trends and advancements 
 Track record of being a strong independent contributor Demonstrated strong organizational skills and high work ethic behaviors and excellent 
interpersonal skills and team building abilities 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills, including the communication of findings and 
their relevance in business terms 
 Proven ability to communicate and present to program management and executive leadership Ability to build strong relationships with stakeholders, customers, colleagues and suppliers 
and to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise and actionable manner 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Littleton, CO Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Littleton, CO Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Littleton, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,584 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
