
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Seattle, WA Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. 
 
 If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
About the role: 
Anduril’s Lattice software platform integrates together many sensors into a single cohesive view of the world, providing needed context for our users. Software engineers at Anduril build the systems that run on our autonomous assets, the networking and backend services that integrate large amounts of sensor data, and the user interfaces that display that data in real time. 
We believe in having as little separation between engineers and our users as well as between engineering teams. As a Software Engineer, you will be working alongside a team of engineers with a diverse set of backgrounds and skills. Anduril has a collaborative culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership. As an early member of the team, your decisions today will have a large impact on the company now and into the future, as well as our customers! 
We believe that simple systems are easier to understand, maintain, and scale. You will be making trade-offs as you work to ensure that our systems are prepared to scale - so being able to effectively communicate these trade-offs with your teammates is a must. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
Engineers are responsible for the full product lifecycle, including design, implementation, deployment, and maintenance 
Collaborate with cross-functional internal hardware & software teams to incorporate their innovations and vice versa. 
Take feedback to iterate on and improve Anduril’s software systems 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Prior engineering experience from the industry, along with academic pursuits & studies in the areas of: Computer Science, Computer/Software Engineering, Mathematics, or Physics. 
Familiarity with algorithms, data structures, storage systems, cloud infrastructure, front-end frameworks, and other technical tools. 
Proficiency in a variety of programming languages such as Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, etc. 
A desire to work on software and applications that have real-world impact. 
U.S. Person status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Have a bias for action. If you see a problem, you want to solve and fix it 
Be naturally curious about the technologies and tools you use 
Have a point-of-view, but are still low-ego 
We encourage people from all backgrounds go apply but our tech stack uses AWS, C++, Go, Typescript, and React so familiarity with all of these tools and languages would be useful 
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Seattle, WA Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
