
 
 
 
 GSK Computational Biologist at the LGR - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search GSK Computational Biologist at the LGR GSK 4,510 reviews San Francisco, CA GSK 4,510 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Site Name:  USA - California - San Francisco 
 Posted Date:  Jun 2 2021 
“Technology is key to our innovation strategy at GSK, and CRISPR is one of the most important technologies of our time.” Dr. Hal Barron - Chief Scientific Officer and President GSK R&D 
Are you a curious, collaborative and driven scientist looking to help deliver cutting-edge science? The Laboratory for Genomic Research (LGR) is a new functional genomics center on the UCSF Mission Bay campus in San Francisco, CA, representing a novel hybrid model that brings together researchers from UC Berkeley, UC San Francisco, and GlaxoSmithKline under a single roof working on projects both together and independently. The new laboratory will house up to 40 scientists; 12 of whom will be GSK employees working in close partnership with UC employees to develop and apply CRISPR-Cas based functional genomics technologies to collaborative research projects. The outputs of those research projects will be focused on technologies, new drug targets, and biological mechanisms that will foster both academic and industrial advances. 
As a GSK team member, you will be responsible for supporting collaborative and GSK-only projects for GSK. Working in this multi-faceted, dynamic, and innovative academic-hybrid scientific environment, this role will give you the opportunity to: 
work on CRISPR-Cas based approaches to target discovery and validation 
apply enabling technologies including scRNA-seq, high content imaging, and robotic-enabled pooled and arrayed screening 
develop and apply cutting-edge functional genomics tools and relevant enabling technologies 
Exceptional scientists with expertise in genetic screening, imaging and/or advanced cell culturing models such as iPSC-derived cell types, organoids, or multi-culture cell models are highly encouraged to apply. 
Why you? 
Basic Qualifications: 
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals: 
PhD in Computational biology, bioinformatics, computational sciences, machine learning, artificial intelligence, or biomedical/biological sciences OR MS in a related field with 10 years of related experience. 
Experience in a programming language (such as R, Python or Perl) for complex data analysis. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus: 
Demonstrated experience in single cell genomics analysis. 
Knowledge of genome-wide genetic, genomic, pathway and network methods. 
Skills to collect, integrate, mine and analyze complex biological data and translate them into testable hypotheses. 
Knowledge of and experience with common bioinformatics databases, resources and tools. 
Knowledge of the drug discovery and development process. 
Demonstrated experience in processing multiple large scale genomic and genetic platforms, such as transcriptomic, proteomic or Next Generation sequencing data, including understanding of pathway/network analyses. 
Ability to work effectively in multidisciplinary teams. 
Functional genomics: Gene editing, CRISPR in phenotypic screens with OMIC/imaging readouts. 
Publication record in peer reviewed journals. 
Experience in analyzing data sets related to oncology or/and immunology. 
Why GSK? 
Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. 
These include   Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork.  As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
 Operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk. 
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution. 
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning. 
Sustaining energy and well-being. 
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations. 
Budgeting and cost-consciousness. 
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at  1-877-694-7547  (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US). 
GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies 
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. 
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site. GlaxoSmithKline 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Biologist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at GSK in San Francisco, CA Biologist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from GSK GSK 4,510 reviews We are a science-led global healthcare company with a special purpose: to help people do more, feel better, live longer. We have 3 global... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
