
 
 
 
 ML Prototyping Engineer - East Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ML Prototyping Engineer Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,173 reviews East Palo Alto, CA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 7+ years of hands-on design/implementation/consulting experience with large scale, production systems with the emphasis on infrastructure, frameworks, end-to-end data and model flows, and life cycle 
 5+ years professional experience in software development in languages related to ML like Python or R. Experience working with RESTful API and general service-oriented architectures 
 Track record of implementing and operating cloud solutions in a variety of business environments such as large enterprises and start-ups 
 3+ years of experience in building and delivering multiple projects in AI/Machine Learning/Deep Learning, including training and retraining systems, multiple frameworks (TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet), deep-learning based approaches (text analysis, video analysis, ML@edge) 
 Understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures, and algorithms 
 
Do you have a builder’s mentality where “show me” means more than “tell me”? Are you passionate about technology, understand cloud architectures & platforms, and quick to pick up emerging technologies? Are you adept at working with Customers to experiment with innovative approaches and the validate the technical feasibility of solutions? Do you have expertise in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence?
 
Core to Amazon’s DNA is its methodology around executing experiments and prototypes to find the quickest way to prove new ideas, technologies, and business models in a real-world environment. This experimentation fuels Amazon’s innovation. The role of the AI/ML Prototyping Engineer will apply these methods to assemble and build prototypes with leading Customers around the world to address their most strategic Machine Learning challenges. You'll work closely with AWS Field Teams including Chief Technologists, Solution Architects, Technical Account Managers, and AWS Service Developers to partner with customers to solve hard problems. Amazon is seeking a senior technical professional to join the AWS Solutions Architecture team to support our rapidly growing and dynamic business.
 
Roles and Responsibilities
 
 Work with AWS sales, business development, solutions architects, customers, and partners to identify strategic use cases and build working prototypes and demos 
 Extract best-practice knowledge, reference architectures, and patterns from engagements to promote re-use with the worldwide AWS SA community 
 Architect, develop, and maintain tools to increase our scale and efficiency 
 Share insights and lessons learned with AWS Service teams to contribute to the continual improvement of AWS platform and services based on Customer need 
 Prepare architecture and design briefs that outline key features and decision points and provide prescriptive guidance to Customers 
 Develop and present detailed technical demonstrations to Senior Business and Technical leaders 
 Position requires travel -- generally, between 0 - 25% 
 
This position can be based in Seattle or Palo Alto.
 
AWS is one of Amazon’s fastest growing businesses, servicing millions of customers all over the world, reshaping the way global enterprises consume information technology, and powering the developers who are building the next generation of global industry leaders. AWS customers include some of the most innovative startups like Netflix, Airbnb, and Instagram, as well as some of the largest global enterprises like 3M, BMW, Siemens, and Samsung.
 
Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 History of successful technical sales consulting and architecture engagements (i.e. working prototype solutions, proof-of-concept, demos) 
 Knowledge of professional software engineering and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 5+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling and analysis 
 Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships 
 Consulting experience and track record of helping customers with their AI needs 
 Experience with AWS Sagemaker and professional experience running ML models for edge computations 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations and virtual teams. 
 Ability to think understand complex business requirements and render them as prototype systems with quick turnaround time 
 Working knowledge of modern software development practices and technologies such as Agile methodologies and DevOps. 
 AWS Certification as an AWS Solutions Architect, Developer, or SysOps Associate/Professional 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit US Disability Accommodations. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in East Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in East Palo Alto, CA Engineer salaries in East Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,173 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
