
 
 
 
 Senior ASIC Verification Engineer - GPU - Durham, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior ASIC Verification Engineer - GPU NVIDIA 238 reviews Durham, NC NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a Senior Verification Engineer:
 NVIDIA is seeking an outstanding ASIC Verification Engineer to verify the design and implementation of the world’s leading SoC's and GPU's. This position offers the opportunity to have a real impact in a dynamic, technology-focused company impacting product lines ranging from consumer graphics to self-driving cars and the growing field of artificial intelligence. We have crafted a team of extraordinary people stretching around the globe, whose mission is to push the frontiers of what is possible today and define the platform for the future of computing. 
 
 What you’ll be doing:
 As a Senior Verification Engineer at NVIDIA, you will be responsible for verifying the design, architecture and micro-architecture using advanced verification methodologies
 Define the verification scope, and contribute to the development of the verification infrastructure for memory subsystem units
 Collaborate with architects, designers, and software engineers across sites to accomplish your goals 
 
 What we need to see:
 Bachelors or Masters Degree or equivalent experience in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering
 Minimum 10 years of relevant work or research experience
 Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies
 Experience verifying memory subsystem units and properties such as memory coherency and arbitration policies
 Fluency in Object Oriented Programming with C++ and/or SystemVerilog
 Exposure to design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB), and methodologies (UVM or equivalent)
 Your work displays a passion for debugging and strong problem solving skills
 Strong communication skills are required 
 
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Prior sub-system level verification experience related to memory subsystem is a huge plus
 Familiarity with cache coherency, arbiter, high-speed IO protocols and/or on-chip interconnect
 Experience and/or knowledge of Memory Management and TLB architectures is a plus.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you creative and autonomous? Do you love the challenge of crafting the highest performance & lowest power silicon possible? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our GPU ASIC team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at NVIDIA in Durham, NC Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
