
 
 
 
 Operations Manager, Artificial Intelligence - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations Manager, Artificial Intelligence TELUS International 1,183 reviews Remote Remote TELUS International 1,183 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Basic Information
 Ref number
 Req_00080023
 Primary Location
 Home Office - United States
 Description and Requirements
 As an Operations Manager, you will own the overall financial health of the different accounts and work with your team and site leadership to improve all areas related to process, people and technology. 
You will be a leader of a local/area team consisting of Program and Project Managers, Project Coordinators and other Team Members. With your active lead, you will coach and support your team and help drive excellence in project execution and continuous improvement of operations. 
 
This is a US-based position, and we are looking for candidates in the Eastern (EST) time zone in order to support current teams and clients. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
Personally engage with customers as senior operational leader: understand customer business issues and lead area team to execute on defined solutions across all service offerings. 
Lead, coach and support team of Program and Project Managers, Project Coordinators and other Team Members. Track and monitor performance of global delivery teams and external suppliers to achieve high levels of customer satisfaction, quality, and profitability. 
Accountable for increasing organic program revenue, managing margin and other KPIs. 
Work with operations leadership to ensure customer satisfaction and implement continual process improvement, measurement/benchmarking, and automation across all lines of service delivery. 
Manage and develop project management standards and methodologies. Responsible for training program for new Project Management team members. 
Responsible for operational revenue forecast and partners with sales team on sales forecast. 
 
Primary Requirements 
BA/BS required. Advanced business degree preferred. 
8-10 years’ experience in project management, program management, finance or marketing. 
Strong project management and negotiation skills while working within established business priorities and constraint. 
Requires extensive inter-personal skills, excellent business planning skills, cross-group coordination at all levels, business acumen, and the ability to work on several diverse projects at the same time. 
Passion about our customers, our technology and our people. 
Superior judgment, team building, budgeting, and the ability to work under continual deadline pressure required. 
Strong analytical/problem solving skills, demonstrated success in driving complex strategies and projects, outstanding organizational skills and agility, strong communication skills. 
A consistent, "can do" attitude, and will act quickly to rally organizations around a common vision. 
 
 Additional Job Description
 As an Operations Manager on our AI team, you will be responsible for managing customer relationships of defined global customers. Telus 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at TELUS International in Remote Operations Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TELUS International TELUS International 1,183 reviews At TELUS International, we focus on the human connection to deliver high-tech, high-touch customer experiences powered by next-gen digita... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
