
 
 
 
 Senior Electrical Designer - Remote - Brookfield, WI 53005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Electrical Designer - Remote Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Brookfield, WI 53005 Remote Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
 INNOVATE WITHOUT BOUNDARIES!  At Milwaukee Tool we firmly believe that our People and our Culture are the secrets to our success - so we give you unlimited access to everything you need to create disruptive new technologies and solutions on our electrical engineering teams. Our Engineering Team is responsible for giving life to the batteries, motors, and electronics that power solutions changing the lives of our users. Every developmental phase of these critical components happens in-house under the watch of this team. We continue to invest in electrical engineering resources to design and develop leadership in electronic capabilities; something unique within the industry. And we're pushing the limits in firmware engineering, power electronics, embedded systems, machine learning, and the use of artificial intelligence. 
 
Behind our doors you'll be empowered every day to own it, drive it, and do what it takes to design and develop the biggest breakthroughs in the industry. Meanwhile, you'll have the support and resources of the fastest-growing brand in the construction industry to make it happen. 
 
Year after year, our team continues to make significant breakthroughs in the industry. We're just getting started. To learn more about our story click  HERE . 
 
 The Senior Electrical Designer will be a part of the PCB Design team and will play a critical role in the development of our power tool electronics. As a member of the PCB Design team you will apply your technical expertise in PCB layout, will be challenged to be resourceful, and will need to communicate complex layout topics with Engineers. 
 
 You'll also be DISRUPTIVE through these duties and responsibilities: 
 
 Work with Electrical Engineers to design Printed Circuit Board Assemblies (PCBA) for AC & DC circuits in new and existing products. 
 Perform PCB layout including: definition of PCBA dimensions based on system design constraints, circuit block arrangement (floor-planning), power and ground plane creation, component placement, and routing of signal nets to minimize cost and maximize design for manufacturability, reliability, thermal management, and test (DFx). 
 Cultivate our component library including creation of component footprints, generation of schematic symbols, 3D models and entry of new parts in the Electronics CAD (ECAD) library.
 Create & modify both general as well as project specific Design Rules and resolve DRC errors. 
 Present PCB designs for Technical Review in compliance with Milwaukee Design Processes.
 Build PCB document packages used by manufacturing including assembly drawings, 3D PCBA model files, and Gerber files.
 Work closely with Electrical and Mechanical Engineers to achieve excellence in System Design and Quality.
 Participate in the continuous improvement of PCBA development processes and tools. 
 
 What TOOLS you'll bring with you: 
 
 Associate Degree in a technical discipline or demonstrated equivalent work experience. 
 5+ years of applicable experience in PCBA design and assembly. 
 2+ years of experience working with high production volume PCBAs typical of consumer products. 
 Demonstrated expertise in the use of professional level PCB CAD tools used for high volume PCB design, preferably Altium.
 Basic understanding of analog/digital circuit theory and EMC/ESD in electronics. 
 Highly detailed oriented, organized, and able to work in a team environment. 
 Proficiency in PC skills including MS Office (specifically PowerPoint and Excel). 
 Must have good interpersonal, verbal and written communication. 
 Highly motivated, and able to work independently 
 
 Other TOOLS we prefer you to have: 
 
 Ability to lead and influence others. 
 Experience working with battery chargers or switch mode power supplies 
 Experience with circuits over 200V and 30A 
 Experience designing to agency specifications (UL, CSA) 
 Experience with 3D modeling (SolidWorks) 
 
 We provide these great perks and benefits: 
 
 Robust health, dental and vision insurance plans. 
 Generous 401 (K) savings plan. 
 Education assistance. 
 On-site wellness, fitness center, food and coffee service. 
 And many more, check out our benefits site  HERE . Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Electrical Designer jobs in Brookfield, WI Jobs at Milwaukee Tool in Brookfield, WI Electrical Designer salaries in Brookfield, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Milwaukee Tool Milwaukee Tool 408 reviews Since the company began in 1924, Milwaukee Tool has led the industry in developing innovative solutions that deliver increased productivi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
