
 
 
 
 Natural Language Processing (NLP) Researcher - Vision + Language - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Natural Language Processing (NLP) Researcher - Vision + Language Kitware Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Team Description: 
Our Computer Vision team is a leader in the creation of cutting-edge algorithms and software for automated image and video analysis. Our solutions embrace deep learning and add measurable value to government agencies, commercial organizations, and academic institutions worldwide. We understand the difficulties in extracting, interpreting, and utilizing information across images, video, metadata, and text, and we recognize the need for robust, affordable solutions. We seek to advance the fields of computer vision and deep learning through research and development and through collaborative projects that build on our open source software platform, such as Kitware Image and Video Exploitation and Retrieval (KWIVER) toolkit. 
Researchers at Kitware enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international conferences and encouragement to seek funding to grow and develop their own research areas, if they desire. The Kitware Vision Group has collaborated with more than 20 universities in the past five years and maintains active involvement in major vision conferences. 
About the projects: 
NLP and Computer Vision research is increasingly interrelated, with common computational approaches and the increasing availability of text + image/video benchmarks. Likewise, multi-modal domains such as social media and news stories are of increasing interest for applications such as misinformation detection, attribution, and characterization. In addition to this, projects at Kitware require understanding written instructions, including natural language rules. 
 
 
In This Position You Will: 
Develop and evaluate algorithms to understand the textual content of multi-modal data. 
Collaborate with computer vision researchers and machine learning developers to integrate NLP approaches for real world problems. 
Develop software and algorithms to differentiate human-generated text from AI-generated text. 
Enjoy support and encouragement for participation in national and international NLP, machine learning, and/or computer vision conferences 
Be encouraged to seek funding to grow and develop your own research areas, if you desire 
 Required Qualifications:
 PhD in Computer Science or related field 
Strong publication history in NLP (ACL, EMNLP, NAACL), machine learning (AAAI, ICML, ICLR, NeurIPS) and/or computer vision (CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, WACV) conferences. 
Experience collaborating successfully with others and thriving in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment 
Candidates should include a detailed list of publications as part of their resume/CV 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with natural language text generation using one or more of GPT-2, BERT, or Grover. 
Past work applying NLP to textual instructions and/or rules. 
Due to contractual restrictions, candidates that are US Persons (citizens, permanent residents, asylees or refugees) will be preferred for this position. 
 Company Description 
Kitware collaborates with customers to solve the world’s most complex scientific challenges through customized software solutions. Kitware delivers innovation by focusing on advanced technical computing, state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, and full-spectrum software solutions. Since its founding in 1998, Kitware has developed a reputation for deep customer understanding and technical expertise, honest interactions, and open innovation. We are proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. For additional information, please visit kitware.com. You can also follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook. 
Additional information 
Kitware is proud to be a 100% employee-owned company. Our team members enjoy a small company environment, flexibility in work assignments, and high levels of independence and responsibility. Besides a great work environment, our comprehensive benefits package includes a generous compensation plan, tuition reimbursement program, flexible working hours, six weeks paid time off, 401(k), health insurance, life insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, bonus plan, and free coffee, drinks and snacks. 
Kitware actively subscribes to a policy of equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, protected veteran status, uniformed service member status, or any other characteristics protected by applicable law. Kitware 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Remote Jobs at Kitware in Remote Researcher salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kitware Kitware Inc. is a software research and development company. Our core areas of expertise are computer vision, data and analytics, scienti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
