
 
 
 
 Research Asst I - Houston, TX 77030 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Asst I MD Anderson Cancer Center 1,741 reviews Houston, TX 77030 MD Anderson Cancer Center 1,741 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description MISSION STATEMENT
 
The mission of The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center is to eliminate cancer in Texas, the nation, and the world through outstanding programs that integrate patient care, research and prevention, and through education for undergraduate and graduate students, trainees, professionals, employees and the public .
 
 
 SUMMARY -
 
 
The overall purpose of this position is to assist in the development of models for hepatic and liver segmentation and artificial intelligence applications for strategic research collaboration and deployment into the clinical setting. This position will work with the PI and lab personnel to contribute to computational research projects, co-author grants and manuscripts, and work with collaborators to develop and integrate image guided cancer therapy models and technologies into the clinical workflow. Additionally, this position will plan, organize, and participate as a team member in Image Guided Cancer Therapy Research Program projects, evaluate research output, and assist in revision of techniques and approaches to ensure continual improvement and progress. 
 
 JOB SPECIFIC COMPETENCIES -
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence  Conducts research experiments in Artificial Intelligence, biomechanical modeling, and other IGCT/Morfeus-related research projects. 
 
 Research Studies  Engages and assists in research, design, and implementation of image registration and artificial intelligence technologies in image guided cancer therapy. Collaborates and coordinates with research and clinical stakeholders, communicates findings and applications via co-authorship of abstracts, poster and podium presentations, and publications. Contributes to project development, collaborations, grant and manuscript writing, prepares reports to detail methods, results, and impacts of assigned tasks and projects. 
 
 Administrative.  Plans, organizes, coordinates, and participates as a team member in research projects involving artificial intelligence and deep learning. Reviews, evaluates and correlates research data. Prepares drafts of protocols, research grants, manuscripts, and grant reports. 
 
Other duties as assigned 
 
 COMPETENCIES
 
 
Innovative Thinking - Approach problems with curiosity and open-mindedness; offer new ideas, solutions and/or options. 
 
Technical/Functional Expertise - Demonstrate technical proficiency required to do the job; possess up-to-date knowledge in the profession; provide technical expertise to others. 
 
Analytical Thinking - Gather relevant information systematically; break down problems into simple components; make sound decisions.
 
 
Bachelor's degree, major course work in one of the basic sciences. No experience. It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html 
 
Additional Information
 
 Requisition ID: 140873
 Employment Status: Full-Time
 Employee Status: Regular
 FLSA: non-exempt, eligible for overtime, and is subject to the provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA)
 Work Week: Days
 Fund Type: Soft
 Pivotal Position: No
 Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 30,400
 Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 38,000
 Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 45,600
 Science Jobs: Yes MD Anderson Cancer Center 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Assistant jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, TX Research Assistant salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from MD Anderson Cancer Center MD Anderson Cancer Center 1,741 reviews The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston is one of the world's most respected centers focused on cancer patient care,... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
