
 
 
 
 QA / Quality Manager L3 - Chicago, IL 60606 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search QA / Quality Manager L3 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Chicago, IL 60606 Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
7+ years of QA testing industry experience in executing test cases, troubleshooting defects and issues 
Experience working with programming languages for application development (Python, Java, etc.) 
Ability to create test cases, develop and update testing standards 
Strong organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills 
Excellent communication skills (written and oral) 
Attention to detail, specifically for accuracy 
Ability to be a fast learner in a quick-paced working environment 
Requirements : 
Complete knowledge of key testing and defect management tools (JIRA, Github, JMeter, etc.) 
Comfortability with Agile environment and principles 
Experience with automated testing techniques and tools 
Knowledge of configuration management and database concepts 
Executing test script on code for defects or issues to ensure quality of applications 
Determine quick resolutions and proactively resolve potential issues throughout the development process by working with other team members and functions 
Create reports on defects and document resolution steps 
Responsible for all aspects of quality in the final development of applications. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Manager jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Chicago, IL Quality Manager salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
