
 
 
 
 Senior Software Development Engineer - Seattle, WA 98119 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Development Engineer Expedia.com 960 reviews Seattle, WA 98119 Expedia.com 960 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Would you like to work with a creative, highly collaborative and nurturing engineering team building an intelligent, scalable and personalized travel assistance platform? 
Are you interested in working with state-of-the-art technologies such as real-time streaming, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) along with the latest and greatest backend engineering stacks? 
Do you want to have a positive impact on the travel experience of millions of people the world over? 
Our goal is to build the best conversational technology platform in the industry. A platform that can meet customers on any channel (social, SMS, web, or voice), to understand and anticipate their needs and deliver unparalleled service. We are using cutting edge AI and ML technologies to build this platform. 
Our conversation platform is to conversations, what AWS is to compute and storage; a one stop shop to build conversational intelligence and virtual agent solutions for the entire company and beyond. This team's mission is to enable virtual agents built using the platform to take intelligent actions based on their ability to interpret and learn from the environment in which the travel conversation is occurring. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will propose, prototype, design and implement various components of the conversation technology platform working closely with other teams. 
What you'll do: 
Design, build, test and ship new features and services for our technology platform at scale. 
Work closely with data scientists and ML engineers, learn more about and gain experience with AI and ML tools and techniques 
Your work will enable groups across the company to create outstanding virtual agent experiences across Expedia Group brands and our partners worldwide that address traveler needs without needing human intervention! 
Ship services built using Java/Kotlin, deep natural language understanding and intelligent decision-making components to support building of smart virtual agents 
Mentor junior developers and help them grow 
Participate in resolution of production issues and lead efforts toward solutions. 
Contribute to vigilantly rewriting, refactoring, and perfecting code 
Work with product management and operations in an agile environment 
Work with technologies such as: Java, Kotlin, Python, AWS, Kafka, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, S3, Lambda, Docker, Spring Framework, Dropwizard, Data Dog, Looker and various machine learning tools and libraries 
Who you are: 
6+ years of proven ability in leading technical designs, mentoring developers and helping drive engineering maturity. By now, you would have built and supported critical components of sophisticated products and platforms at scale. 
Have outstanding interpersonal skills 
A problem solver who gets things done and an excellent coder with deep understanding of algorithms, data structures, distributed applications, and data modeling. 
A specialist with Java and AWS or equivalent cloud technologies 
Passionate about quality of work, persistent and steadfast. 
Experienced in solving distributed computing problems 
An exceptional fit if you are also a builder of AI/ML models, have delivered projects involving NLP and reinforcement learning or have dabbled in creating applications that use AI/ML 
Have expertise in agile software development methodologies and in using them efficiently within teams 
Why join us:
 Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are a global travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and bring the world within reach – that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work, and to provide them the tools to do so. 
Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach. We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares. 
If you have a hunger to make a difference with one of the most loved brands in the world and to work in the dynamic travel industry, this is the job for you. 
Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, Vrbo®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Expedia® 
About Expedia Group
 Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is a force for good, we help people experience the world in new ways and build lasting connections. We provide industry-leading technology solutions to fuel partner growth and success, while facilitating memorable experiences for travelers. Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, Egencia®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™.
 © 2021 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50 
Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization. Expedia 30+ days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Expedia.com in Seattle, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Expedia.com Expedia.com 960 reviews Expedia Group (NASDAQ: EXPE) powers travel for everyone, everywhere through our global platform. Driven by the core belief that travel is... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
