
 
 
 
 Vulnerability Management Lead - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vulnerability Management Lead NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Remote NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
For more than 30 years, NCI Information Systems has been a leading provider of digital transformation solutions and services to U.S. government agencies. With its NCI  Empower ™ Platform, NCI is at the forefront of implementing artificial intelligence (AI) solutions to solve the government’s most complex mission challenges. Headquartered in Reston, Va., NCI is accelerating public sector AI adoption to create a government workforce that is exponentially more creative and productive. For more information, visit www.nciinc.com. 
Responsibilities:
 
NCI : The Vulnerability Management Lead will l ead focus on vulnerability management and compliance to meet program SLA’s and KPIs. 
Responsibilities: 
Directly impact the stability and security of our system infrastructure by assisting teams across the enterprise to better maintain their platforms 
Process manager for the vulnerability management process with the ability to identify and improve efficiency in operations 
Ensure that system vulnerabilities (new and backlogged) across the enterprise are dealt with in an efficient and timely manner
 Partner with the vulnerability scanning teams, infrastructure operations teams, application development teams and IT management to map, track, monitor and communicate progress on vulnerability remediation activities 
Collaborate and gain agreement with technical team leads on their plans and actions to address needed updates and holding them accountable for delivering on their commitments.
 Analyze remediation patterns and troubleshoot any blockers that are identified. 
Responsible for IT Staff level communication on SLA/KPI attainment 
Anticipate and plan for future risk in meeting vulnerability SLA/KPIs 
Primary focal point for Contract Security team
 Liaise between Enterprise Staff, Security and business units on vulnerability management of non-IT supported assets 
Own Continuous Process Improvement to ensure improved effectiveness 
Lead projects / tasks as identified by client leadership 
Able to create, communicate, prioritize and execute remediation plans 
Ability to adapt plans in a fast-paced environment 
Qualifications:
 
Requirements: 
Bachelors Degree and 7-12 years of equivalent experience OR Masters Degree and 5+ years of equivalent experience 
Ability to obtain a Public Trust Clearance 
Preferred Experience: 
CISSP, CISA, CISM, CEH or other relevant security certifications 
Familiarity with CUI requirements for unclassified IT systems a plus 
Have track record of competency in obtaining initial A&A and reauthorization 
Familiarity with Unclassified network administration 
Experience in network infrastructure and security best practices 
Experience with Local Area Network administration and maintenance, including user control and VPN access 
Experience with firewalls 
Experience with Mobile Device Management
 Comfortable with Windows operating systems 
Willingness and ability to independently take on a variety of Vulnerability management tasks 
Linux operation systems experience 
Physical Requirements: 
This position requires the ability to perform the below essential functions: 
Sitting for long periods 
Standing for long periods 
Ambulate throughout an office 
Ambulate between several buildings 
Stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl as required 
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 
About NCI:
 
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. NCI Information Systems Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Remote Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
