
 
 
 
 Customer Training Growth Lead - Austin, TX 73301 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Training Growth Lead IBM 30,778 reviews Austin, TX 73301 IBM 30,778 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
In 2010, IBM inventors received a record 9,130 patents, led by research in artificial intelligence, cloud computing, security and quantum computing (this was the company's 28th consecutive year of U.S. patent leadership). IBM’s leadership is not only about technology, but also about our deep understanding of industry and client needs, and relentless focus on privacy, safety and ethics. At IBM we believe these technologies have the potential to deeply change human society, and to become a new engine of economic development. Around the world, and with so much opportunity, these skills are becoming critical to economic development, business success, and individual empowerment. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The Expert Labs Customer Training team is looking for a professional with solid understanding of Go-to-Market and Routes-to-Market strategies for training services, expertise working with a diverse sales ecosystem, working with clients, passion for the role of education in product adoption, and experience building ecosystems focused both on revenue and eminence growth. 
 
This role will have the responsibility of defining and executing growth strategies for the Expert Labs Customer Training Business which includes revenue generation from digital training, expert-led training, and skills advisory services; as well as ecosystem growth through Global Training Partners (GTPs), Business Partners (BPs), and MOOCs (Coursera, Edx, etc.). This role involves working with internal stakeholders, customers, and our learning services ecosystem. 
 
The Learning organization is building programs through which we will share IBM’s wealth of resources in these fields with organizations and academic institutions around the world, and we are looking for professionals with a passion for skills development. Join us to help IBM significantly impact the growth of these skills in the market, and to deepen your own technology skills. 
Preferred locations: Raleigh, NC, Austin, TX or New York City 
 
 Your Role and Responsibilities
 Working with IBM teams to drive the growth of the customer training business while positively impacting customer product adoption 
Drive revenue growth working with services sellers, license sellers and other sellers to include our offerings in sales proposals 
Drive increase of training attach rate with consulting engagements working with delivery team 
Drive growth through enterprise contracts inclusion
 Drive consumption of digital subscriptions 
Working with clients to identify skills gaps and present recommended solutions to fill gaps 
Partnering with other IBM teams for identification of skills development opportunities
 Building the revenue and eminence ecosystem 
Refine Global Training Partner current strategies to increase content licensing and platform revenue 
Leverage MOOCs (Coursera, Edx, Pluralsight) for eminence and revenue 
Build reselling relationships with VADs and Business Partners 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
At least 10 years’ experience working with technology vendors or training vendors in technical sales, consulting, training, or services sales 
Expertise supporting startup-like business growth 
Ability to work with multiple internal teams through influence and expertise 
Ability to advise customers on skills development programs in alignment with business goals 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Master’s in computer science, data science, analytics, or artificial intelligence
 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Team Lead jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at IBM in Austin, TX Customer Service Team Lead salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,778 reviews What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
