
 
 
 
 ISR Current Operations Functional Specialist/Subject Matter Expert (0621F) - Arlington, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ISR Current Operations Functional Specialist/Subject Matter Expert (0621F) Redhorse Corporation 47 reviews Arlington, VA 22209 Redhorse Corporation 47 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company ISR Current Operations Functional Specialist/Subject Matter Expert 
 About the Organization
 Now is a great time to join Redhorse Corporation. Redhorse specializes in developing and implementing creative strategies and solutions with private, state, and federal customers in the areas of cultural and environmental resources services, climate and energy change, information technology, and intelligence services. We are hiring creative, motivated, and talented people with a passion for doing what's right, what's smart, and what works. 
 Position Description
 Redhorse is seeking an ISR Current Operations Functional Specialist (FS)/Subject Matter Expert (SME) to support the Office of the Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence (OUSD(I)) Director for Defense Intelligence (DDI) Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) Operations Division. The ISR Operations Division coordinates Department-wide efforts advising senior leaders regarding global ISR operations and/or resulting in the rapid production of ISR capability from concept initiation to specialized modification to deployment into the operational theater under the direct guidance of the Director of ISR OPS Directorate. The ISR Operations Division also leads the Algorithmic Warfare Cross Functional Team (AWCFT) which resides within ISR OPS Directorate to integrate Artificial Intelligence (AI) within the Defense Intelligence Enterprise (DIE). 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 This position requires rapid assimilation of organizational priorities, identifying and correcting constraints and challenges, and receiving and disseminating information in order to satisfy ISR requirements. Tasks include: 
 Analyzing policy, reports, proposals, and other military doctrine based on an understanding of historical context and the future direction of the Department in areas pertaining to ISR, and providing analyses and recommendations through white papers, briefings, talking points, or other formats. 
 Producing, preparing, and delivering briefings and weekly summaries or the status of ISR asset deployments, including documenting, updating, and tracking internal and external suspense dates, and monitoring Global Force Management. 
 Participating in Department-level and IC forums, working groups, and other activities (e.g., Joint Collection Management Boards) related to providing ISR support to the warfighter. 
 Attending planning meetings and articulating problems and solutions with regard to achieving initial and full operational capability of deploying ISR assets and enablers. 
 Assisting in day-to-day Department-level coordination related to the deployment and reallocation of ISR systems. 
 Maintaining a collaborative relationship with in-theater ISR activities (both US and partner nations) in order to maintain an understanding of the current ISR operating environment. 
 Coordinating with CCMDs, Services, Joint Staff, and other OSD organizations to facilitate the integration of existing and future US and Partner ISR capabilities. 
 Providing analyses and recommendations, supported by participation in Department-level forums (e.g., Defense Collection Management Board), to enable oversight of Department Collection Management efforts. 
 Minimum Basic Requirements for Skills, Experience, Education and Credentials include: 
 Master's degree from an accredited college or university with a minimum of 10 years of any combination of military, civilian, or contractor experience with the Government or DoD and a minimum of 5 years (8 or more years is highly desired) of ISR experience is required;
 acceptable substitutions for the above requirement include:
 a bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with a minimum of 12 years of any combination of military, civilian, or contractor experience with the DoD and a minimum of 7 years (10 or more years is highly desired) of ISR communication architectures and networks experience is required; or 
 a total combination of 15 years of military operational service with ISR operations task-related experience, including a minimum of 5 years earned as an E-6 or O-3 (or above) is required. 
 Demonstrated understanding of the Global Force Management process as it applies to allocating ISR capability to meet CCMD ISR requirements is required. 
 Demonstrated understanding of Joint Staff, CCMD, and Service ISR organizations, responsibilities, and processes is required. 
 One year of experience in tracking and reporting current ISR operations is highly desired. 
 Recent (within last three years) experience on Service, Joint, or OSD Staffs is highly desired. 
 Experience with OUSD(I) is highly desired. 
 Three years (six years is highly desired) of experience in a Collection Management position is desired. 
 Experience facilitating ISR collaboration with Partner nations or coalitions (e.g., FVEY, NATO) is highly desired. 
 Current and active TS/SCI security clearance required. 
 Redhorse Corporation shall, in its discretion, modify or adjust the position to meet Redhorse’s changing needs. 
 This job description is not a contract and may be adjusted as deemed appropriate in Redhorse’s sole discretion. 
 EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled Redhorse Corporation 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Associate jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Redhorse Corporation in Arlington, VA Operations Associate salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Redhorse Corporation Redhorse Corporation 47 reviews Redhorse Corporation seeks to improve the way government interacts with and uses data and technology in the national security, energy, an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
