
 
 
 
 Software Developer - Application Server Technologi - Des Plaines, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer - Application Server Technologi Capgemini 8,255 reviews Des Plaines, IL Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :8+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Data Visualization Developer 
Further requirements and responsibilities are as follows: 
Build intuitive and robust dashboards in PowerBI using corporate standards and templates 
Facilitate user design sessions to establish and execute on requirements 
Build drill down and drill through navigation for train-of-thought analysis 
Incorporate data visibility and security rules into dashboards based on user 
Utilize latest features of PowerBI and stay abreast of new features and functions on the PowerBI roadmap 
Actively participate in monthly internal user group meetings for Data Analytics and Visualization 
Requirements : 
Minimum of 4 years experience in PowerBI. 
Experience in the Design, Implementation and Support of Distributed and Big Data Analytics Platforms 
Masters Degree in a technical discipline or equivalent work experience. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 29 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Des Plaines, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Des Plaines, IL Software Engineer salaries in Des Plaines, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
