
 
 
 
 Product Manager - Denver, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager Pinnacle Group 38 reviews Denver, CO Pinnacle Group 38 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Job Description: 
 Client Product Managers are part of the Product team. 
 The Product Manager supports various roles, primarily the Agile Product Owner role. 
 Candidates will own the Delivery Team’s backlog, ensure user stories are written and acceptance criteria are met, and candidates willdemo the working features internally and externally. 
 In addition, there will be times candidates will be gathering requirements, designing and developing user experience workflows, and collaborating with stakeholders and development teams to ensure successful implementation of new or enhanced functionality for the products. 
 
 Candidates will need to have: 
 Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
 Four or more years of relevant Product Management work experience. 
 Three or more years of Agile Product Owner experience. 
 Intermediate experience of leading SDK and API development. 
 Knowledge of location technologies including indoor and outdoor digital 2D and 3D maps 
 
 Even better if candidates have: 
 Master’s degree preferred 
 Experience leading cross functional project management initiatives 
 Experience with front and back end engineering teams and technologies 
 Experience with UAT, unit, regression, performance, UX and reliability test approaches. 
 Experience with UI/UX design principles 
 Knowledge of developing and delivering SaaS platforms. 
 Knowledge of robotics development framework 
 Intermediate experience or interest in drones 
 Abreast of the latest technology trends and best practices in terms of location based technologies. 
 
 Client: 
 Client is serious about innovation. 
 About being the first and being the best. 
 Client Location Technology (VLT) sits at the core of the Strategy and New Business Development organization and is a critical part of driving innovation across Client global customer base, both inside and outside of Client. 
 Backed by more than 50 years of location-based expertise, we are building solutions that leverage the power of location intelligence to help drive technologies of the future. 
 Client manages a geospatial platform that enables technologies like 5G, Multi-Access Edge Computing, AR/VR, and Artificial Intelligence that are allowing us to create products that were previously impossible. 
 #LI-KB1 Pinnacle Group 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Pinnacle Group in Denver, CO Product Manager salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pinnacle Group Pinnacle Group 38 reviews Pinnacle Group recruits nationally, helping our clients identify and recruit talented actuaries and actuarial students in all areas of in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
