
 
 
 
 Reticle Engineer - Manassas, VA 20110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Reticle Engineer Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Manassas, VA 20110 Micron Technology 1,047 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life.  Join an inclusive team passionate about one thing: using their expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can fuel the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Responsibilities and Tasks: 
 Establish and improve process condition and technology. Upgrade process capability and reduce production cost. Establish and modify process management projects. Set up process parameters for a variety of semiconductor equipment. Evaluation, promotion and planning of new equipment / materials. Abnormal analysis and improvement. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Maximizes yield by working on tools, the process, or wafer fabrication recipes. Troubleshoots wafer fabrication problems and performs root cause analysis. Works with other process areas to understand and control process deviations. Long-term investigation of defect issues may require extensive work with shift engineering and other functional areas. Evaluates products to ensure they meet the required design and performance specifications. Conducts research to assess process adjustment requirements and recommends process improvements or equipment changes needed to efficiently manufacture new product or part types. Micron 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Manassas, VA Jobs at Micron Technology in Manassas, VA Engineer salaries in Manassas, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Technology Micron Technology 1,047 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
