
 
 
 
 Salesforce Dev - Des Plaines, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Salesforce Dev Capgemini 8,255 reviews Des Plaines, IL Capgemini 8,255 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration :6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
10+ years of Experience in software development and/or programming design and systems management 
At least 6 years of experience with customization on the Salesforce Lightning platform which should include: Lightning Components using the Lightning Design System framework, Apex, and declarative platform tools. (Process Builder, Visual Workflow, Lightning App Builder, etc.) 
2-3 Implementations of Service Cloud Features - Omni Channel , Live Agent , CTI , Case Management 
4+ years of technical team leadership Experience 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Experience in solution design, particularly with Salesforce. 
Familiar with onshore/offshore delivery model"" 
Implementing Salesforce solutions including custom platform development (Apex, Visualforce, Lightning Components), integrations with back office systems (often through the use of middleware tools) and complex data migrations. 
Implementation of Service Cloud Implementation 
Providing effort estimates for all technical components on a project 
Leading design discussions with the client & developers (onshore and offshore) 
Providing best practices on general code/UI/integration design and deployment 
Performing code reviews 
Managing offshore developers and ensuring they deliver high quality product. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Salesforce Developer jobs in Des Plaines, IL Jobs at Capgemini in Des Plaines, IL Salesforce Developer salaries in Des Plaines, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,255 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
