
 
 
 
 Junior Software Developer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Software Developer RoW 13 reviews Remote Remote RoW 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Westeros Graduate Program is a world of opportunities and the freedom to create your own. Our two-year graduate program will see you developing solutions at the forefront of technological advancements. Cloud. Cybersecurity. Artificial Intelligence. Data. These are just some of the technologies you’ll work with. This is how you’ll improve the way we serve customers. It’s how you’ll transform us and our future. 
What will you be doing? 
 
Make technology work harder to make life simpler. Find ingenious ways for it to make banking better, faster, and easier for customers. Keep their money safe and their data secure. This will mean building relationships across Westeros Technology and the bank, getting to know the business, and understanding how technology can progress it. Sometimes, this will demand hands-on involvement in designing and developing the solution. You could be overseeing the production of that solution and working directly with the end-user. 
Whatever role you take on, you’ll have the mix of technical and interpersonal skills necessary to get the job done. 
Our technologists solve problems by innovating. You’ll touch on everything – from cybersecurity to data to cloud to artificial intelligence. What you do here is all about finding new ways to apply the latest technologies. To push the boundaries of what’s possible. To be curious and experiment. To deliver better every day and never stop learning. This will equip you with the impressive technical capabilities and core leadership skills you need to progress. Where they take you will be up to you. Whichever path you decide to pursue, know that we’ll empower you with a wealth of learning opportunities, including providing support through our Technology Academy. In time, you could progress to become a member of our Global Technology Leadership team. This means where you go next will be directing where we go next. 
True technologists are innovative and curious. You’ll combine a thirst for knowledge with the resourcefulness to seek it out, be that in others or elsewhere. We particularly want to hear from: 
 
Innovative and creative thinkers who challenge themselves and each other, push the boundaries of thinking, share knowledge and explore new ideas 
Analytical problem solvers who can overcome complex challenges using data and logic 
Collaborative people who work with colleagues and clients to achieve their goals 
Commercial minds who understand anything we do is about improving something for our customers. 
If you have a passion for tech, your career here will be all about indulging in it. RoW 7 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Junior Software Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at RoW in Remote Junior Software Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from RoW 13 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
