
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) is the next explosive growth area in technology relevant to every business in every industry on the planet. The data economy is already booming, with zettabytes of data generated by 50 billion connected devices. From these mountains of data, AI and ML will harvest valuable predictive signals and patterns that will fundamentally transform the face of business. With our own already existing volumes of data and research assets, Microsoft is investing to be a key player and a market leader in this industry. 
 Microsoft has the charter to bring the best of our AI & Research assets, tools and cloud infrastructure, rich data, and trusted position together, to deliver AI and ML services and solutions to customers.
 The mission of the AI Customer Engineering team (ACE team) within the Digital Platform Group is to accelerate the infusion of AI/ML in real world solutions and extending the signals from real world patterns to building robust, scalable services and products. To achieve this, we are co-innovating AI and ML powered solutions (rich APIs, ML models and end to end services) with our strategic ISVs and Enterprise customers, leverage many other Azure technologies, including Azure Data Analytics (Synapse, ADF, SQL and ADB) and Python/C# microservices, Azure Functions and AKS. 
 If you are excited about the rapid developments in cloud computing and distributed business applications and you want to be a key participant in accelerating software development across Microsoft, then this job is for you. 
Responsibilities 
Create and manage complete designs that solve classes of problems, enable group of components and satisfy business, customer, engineering and operational requirements. 
We are looking for smart, highly motivated, and innovative software developer experienced with Azure technology stack to join us at the ground floor of this well-resourced start-up effort. Joining this team, you can expect to work with a team of talented colleagues in building cutting-edge AI business solutions alongside of R&D teams and strategic ISVs and customers. We seek experienced software engineers who are passionate about building complete, highly performant intelligent software services, with a scalable and sustainable architecture and implementation while incorporate data privacy capabilities. 
We want a customer-focused engineer who is motivated to drive the creation of great enterprise products and who can collaborate and partner with other product teams, and engineers.
 Knowledge transfer to partners and community is one of the core responsibilities, we need you to present in public event, and author/publish blogs.
 Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree, or MS degree in Computer Science, Statistics or Applied Mathematics, Data Science, or Machine Learning. Ph. D. preferred.
 
3+ years of practical experience in Machine Learning techniques & tools
 
5+ years of demonstratable experience with general purpose programming language and frameworks (C#/Python/Java/web etc.)
 
5+ years of demonstratable software design and development in cloud, distributed system and services APIs, large system architecture and strong knowledge of databases 
5+ years of demonstratable experience in large-scale data processing design and implementation on Azure, or other leading Cloud Infrastructure
 
Will to be, or become a lead software engineer working on fast paced team with the latest tools and technology 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
AZDAT #ENGGJOBS 
 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
