
 
 
 
 Software Systems Engineer - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Systems Engineer Mitre Corporation 258 reviews McLean, VA Mitre Corporation 258 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us.
 We are currently seeking Software Systems Engineer to join the Cross-cutting Urgent Innovation Cell (CUIC), an organization that is unique to MITRE because:
 We are team of analysts, scientists, innovators, and engineers focused on delivering meaningful solutions to national security challenges.
 We concentrate on rapid prototyping, mission analysis, experimentation, and research together in a unique environment that is structured to optimize results.
 We leverage our strong relationships with our customers and their missions to drive innovation that helps solve our nation's biggest challenges.
 CUIC relies on initiative and enthusiasm from individual staff members who work proactively and collaboratively towards common goals. We are looking for talented problem solvers with a passion for adapting emerging academic and commercial technologies to develop cross-cutting innovative solutions for the defense, intelligence, and civilian communities.
 We are seeking individuals with expertise in software systems engineering and systems architectures. Candidates do not need experience in all these areas but should have strong proficiency and hands-on experience in at least one.
 As a member of CUIC, your day-to-day work will be in one or more of the following:
 Apply your knowledge of software development, computer vision, artificial intelligence, remote sensing or machine learning to a variety of challenging problems by developing software prototypes to measure the feasibility of an algorithm/approach.
 Adapt research done in academia and industry to solve critical national security problems important to both the defense and intelligence communities.
 Code in Python, C++, or other languages to prototype/test algorithms and software tools in a team environment.
 Deploy prototyped solutions into sponsor environments.
 Work across multiple compute environments, to include on-premise and cloud, potentially at multiple security levels.
 White-board (i.e. brainstorm, problem solve) with experienced technical staff to develop solutions for challenging problems, work with a small team to implement/test those solutions, and then quantify their accuracy.
 Learn new techniques and approaches on-the-job by leveraging both structured educational content as well as expertise from team members.
 Maintain full responsibility for deliverables-including definition, completion, and technical quality, as well as assuring consistency across the responsibility span.
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, applied mathematics/statistics, operation research, artificial intelligence, or other physical science/engineering fields and
 2-5 years of related experience
 Applicants selected for this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or applicants who are eligible for security clearances.
 Required Qualifications:
 1-2 years of experience working technical challenges.
 Demonstrated problem-solving skills and capable of working with scientists, analysts, and technical software developers across several technical disciplines.
 Ability to obtain and maintain a TS/SCI level security clearance
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Master’s degree
 Experience cleaning and wrangling real-world messy data.
 Experience working with geospatial data and/or geographic information systems.
 Domain knowledge of machine learning and computer vision techniques for classification, detection, key attribute extraction, segmentation, or activity detection.
 Experience with modern source control software and methodology, including version control with Git and code reviews in a GitHub Flow-like development workflow.
 Proficiency with Python or C++.
 Experience working in cloud computing environments, preferably Amazon Web Services.
 Experience with container technologies (e.g. Docker, Singularity) and container orchestration tools (e.g. Kubernetes, OpenShift).
 Experience with DevOps concepts and technologies (e.g. CI/CD pipelines, Ansible, Jenkins).
 Possess an active TS/SCI level security clearance
 This requisition requires the following clearance(s):
 MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual identity, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected status. 
 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org.
 Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. Mitre Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at Mitre Corporation in McLean, VA System Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mitre Corporation Mitre Corporation 258 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
