
 
 
 
 Digital Forensic Examiner - San Antonio, TX 78243 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Forensic Examiner General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews San Antonio, TX 78243 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in a related specialized area or field or the equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
Department of Defense Secret security clearance is required at time of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Put your forensic talent to the ultimate test. At General Dynamics Mission Systems, we create the technologies, products and services that help our service members, intelligence analysts and first responders keep our nation safe. The work we do is so advanced our teams often redefine what’s possible for the world. If you want to be a leader with the company that delivers smart solutions for our nation’s challenges, this is your opportunity.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Digital Forensics, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar and everything in between.
 
 
In our highly collaborative and global environment, the Digital Forensic Examiner will perform forensic analysis of digital information using standard computer forensics and evidence handling techniques, gather and handle evidence, and conduct peer reviews of cases completed by other examiners and mentor less experienced examiners. This is a critical role that requires strong experience in the use of forensically sound procedures to identify network computer intrusion evidence and identify perpetrators. You’ll employ forensic tools and techniques to crack file and system passwords, detect steganography and recover deleted, fragmented and corrupted data from digital media of all types. You will also be expected to provide expert witness testimony in both military and civilian courts in support of forensic examinations. 
Required Skills: 
Prior experience working in an accredited laboratory. Team Lead/Supervisory experience, performed technical and quality assurance reviews on forensic processes and reporting. 
Prior law enforcement related forensic investigation experience and understanding of search and seizure, evidence control, chain of custody. 
Possess recent and relevant experience with forensic tools such as EnCase, Forensic Toolkit (FTK), and/or X-Ways. 
Possess recent and relevant experience in computer data extraction and subsequent analysis, to include mobile data extraction and analysis. 
In-depth experience with various file system formats (FAT32, NTFS, EXT2, HFS+). 
In-depth understanding of operating system concepts. 
In-depth experience with registry analysis. 
In-depth experience with Internet history analysis. 
In-depth experience with email analysis. 
In-depth experience with signature and hash analysis. 
Ability to perform complex large data set analysis. 
Strong written and verbal skills. 
Ability to acquire and maintain a TS clearance 
Desired Skills: 
Industry standard certification(s) such as: EnCE, CFCE, ACE, GCFA, DoD. 
Forensic tool and script development 
Programming experience 
Suggested Qualifications: 18-22 years of professional experience without a degree; or 10-14 years of professional experience with a Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education; or 8-12 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree; or 4 years of professional experience required with a related PhD or JD; Considered an emerging authority / authority in discipline. Consideration should always be given for the level of specific domain expertise. 
 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Examiner jobs in San Antonio, TX Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in San Antonio, TX Examiner salaries in San Antonio, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
