
 
 
 
 Learning Manager - Las Vegas, NV 89119 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Learning Manager Sitel 11,784 reviews Las Vegas, NV 89119 Sitel 11,784 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 GROW AS YOU GO. We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU. #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT. We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES. We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE. We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. 
 With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion and empathy of our people to Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 
 SUMMARY OF RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Manages training programs and learning experiences for adult learners in a site. 
 Hires, trains and supervises a staff of trainers. 
 Develops/implements training programs for contact center personnel, which may include management development programs. 
 Develops evaluation and validation instruments to collect and interpret data assessing organizational needs and training program effectiveness. 
 Identifies skill and knowledge requirements for sites/accounts through analysis of data from multiple sources. 
 Designs learning strategies to fill needs as identified through analysis and in partnership with Coaches and Operations Managers. 
 Conducts the most complex training classes. 
 Develops standards for monitoring agents/representatives. 
 Ensures that feedback programs provide agents with guidance to correct problems. 
 Conducts train-the-facilitator sessions to keep trainers effective. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES/SKILLS 
 Strong understanding of computer basics (Windows, Excel, Word, e-mail and Internet). 
 Strong problem-solving skills, research skills and decision-making skills. 
 Excellent interpersonal skills. 
 Organization and time management skills. 
 Excellent listening and oral/written communication skills. 
 Ability to manage projects and deadlines, manage people, create effective partnerships with leadership, establish strong community education ties, develop training materials and apply reason to business problems. 
 Good judgment and the ability to express thoughts clearly and simply. 
 
 EDUCATION 
 Four-year college degree or equivalent directly related work experience. 
 
 EXPERIENCE TARGET 
 3-5 years of proven success as an internal and/or external training and development practitioner with experience coaching, mentoring and developing others in a complex, fast-paced environment. 
 Solid understanding of training processes and practices for adult learners. Sitel 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Learning and Development Manager jobs in Las Vegas, NV Jobs at Sitel in Las Vegas, NV Learning and Development Manager salaries in Las Vegas, NV Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,784 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
