
 
 
 
 Managing Director, Data & Analytics - South Carolina - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Managing Director, Data & Analytics Greystar 1,247 reviews South Carolina Remote Greystar 1,247 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Managing Director, Data & Analytics is responsible for Greystar’s enterprise-wide data and information strategy, governance, control, policy development, and effective exploitation to enhance the value of the company and its core areas of focus. Beyond the continuous management and development of critical data platforms & analytics capabilities which act as Greystar’s competitive differentiators, the role will have accountability for information protection, data governance, data quality and data life cycle management.
 
 
This position is a remote role and candidates can sit anywhere within the U.S. Preferred locations are Charleston, SC or Dallas, TX.
 JOB DESCRIPTION
 Engage with key business l eaders as an influential voice across the enterprise. Hear their needs and be highly responsive. Act as the ultimate product manager for data. Seek out opportunities to create value from data. Establish a framework for priority and governance, and measure and report on return on key data investments.
 Develop a thorough understanding of the current data platform strategy. Effectively communicate the go-forward data strategy and its value to the executive teams and business partners across the company.
 Create and promote a data culture throughout the enterprise, including self-service. Remove IT bottlenecks in accessing data and provide ready access for analysts, data scientists, and other business users to enterprise data, while also balancing the free flow of data with the safeguards that are necessary to protect sensitive data.
 Implement the tools and processes to enable users to understand the data they are working with, preparing it in the right way for analysis, conducting analysis in ways that give meaningful and informative business information, and presenting the analysis results visually.
 Advance Greystar’s Data & Analytics maturity to global capabilities which will enable Greystar to understand global patters & trends, use data mining and predictive analytics to understand probable future conditions and events, and to inform and guide the strategic decisions that shape the organization’s future.
 Use data science, artificial intelligence & machine learning to adapt to changing business conditions, recommend and/or automate decisions & actions, and spark innovations that differentiation Greystar in a competitive market.
 Establishes and maintains a network of reliable external sources for market, economic, and consumer data relating to the multifamily real estate industry, and performs comparative analyses with Greystar data to confirm and validate trends and projections, and provide a more comprehensive understanding of trends within the multifamily housing industry.
 Protect Greystar’s data against intrusion, corruption and loss. Position Greystar’s data protection posture to comply with regulations across the company’s global footprint such as GDPR & CCPA. Zealously protect Greystar’s reputation with our investment clients and the millions of residents who call a Greystar apartment their home.
 Data quality is directly connected to data value & data risk. This role will improve data quality by establishing governance standards, technology enablement for validation of data, and getting business commitment for ownership of data through roles such as Data Stewards.
 Find opportunities to use vendors, service providers, consultants and others to reduce Greystar’s focus on non-core functions while handling cost.
 Support key digital transformational initiatives by leading the charge on building a customer data model, enabling personalized experiences and individualized decision making for Greystar’s residents.
 Build a world-class engineering organization by attracting, recruiting and retaining top-tier talent.
 Participate in the annual business planning and budgeting process to ensure proposed data plans align to overall business strategy and direction; ensuring the on-time and on-budget delivery of approved projects and initiatives, providing reforecasts and long-term financial projections as required to effectively handle costs. Greystar 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Analytics jobs in South Carolina Jobs at Greystar in South Carolina Director of Analytics salaries in South Carolina Company Info Follow Get job updates from Greystar Greystar 1,247 reviews Providing exceptional homes & communities for thousands of people worldwide is what has made Greystar the leader in multi-family housing ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
