
 
 
 
 R&D Engineer (C#) - REMOTE - Brentwood, TN 37027 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search R&D Engineer (C#) - REMOTE Aspect Software Inc 129 reviews Brentwood, TN 37027 Remote Aspect Software Inc 129 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Aspect employs a team of passionate individuals who are changing the face of customer engagement. Over our 40-year history we have empowered employees by creating an inspired community that values customer obsession, unlocked communications and relentless innovation. Our ability to think big has enabled us to continually evolve and lead the market, and to stay on the forefront with exciting technologies including cloud, mobile and artificial intelligence. 
Job Description 
GENERAL SCOPE & SUMMARY 
A Software Engineer contributes as a team member for the development of a specific product component, responsible for design documentation, implementation, unit testing and defect resolution with coordination and direction from a Principal Engineer or higher. The Software Engineer will be responsible for handling customer problems in real-time and developing code fixes or enhancements to be included in future code releases. The job requires close interaction with the development, QA, Support and Professional Services teams. The Software Engineer leverages computer programming languages and other specific technologies required to develop and maintain the component at an advanced level. 
Qualifications 
SPECIALIZED KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS 
Knowledge of engineering tools, methods and processes. 
Knowledge of agile development and the SCRUM framework. 
Understanding of object oriented development principles and best practices. 
Ability to communicate complex information to internal audiences. 
Strong customer service and teamwork skills. 
Professional demeanor to maintain and enhance relationships. 
Works on projects of moderate scope and complexity. 
Performs moderate to complex code, design analysis, testing or experimentation on segments of projects. Provides time estimates and schedules. 
Ability to use technical concepts to initiate alternatives, develop or modify existing designs or techniques. 
Ability to develop resolutions to problems of limited scope and follow standard practices and procedures in analyzing situations or data from which answers can be readily obtained. 
Performs under direct management and mentoring. 
Team member on more complex projects. 
Strong passion for product security. 
TECHNOLOGY KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS 
Use of Microsoft Visual Studio as an IDE to develop software applications. 
Use of Microsoft Visual C# 
 
 OTHER DESIRABLE KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS 
Familiarity with contact center concepts. 
Familiarity with the use of Microsoft SQL Server 
Querying and storing data using Microsoft SQL Server. 
Use of Microsoft Team Foundation Server as a source code repository. 
Writing code in additional languages (Microsoft Visual Basic, Microsoft Visual C++). 
Familiarity with telephony technologies (VoIP, SIP, RTP, SIPRec, CTI). 
Audio and video media processing and compression codecs. 
Client side web development technologies (JavaScript, JQuery, MVVM Frameworks, TypeScript) 
#LI-CS1 
Aspect is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to diversity. In that spirit, we are particularly interested in receiving applications from a broad spectrum of people, including women, minorities, individuals with disabilities, veterans or any other legally protected group. Aspect Software Inc. 17 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job R&D Engineer jobs in Brentwood, TN Jobs at Aspect Software in Brentwood, TN R&D Engineer salaries in Brentwood, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aspect Software Inc Aspect Software Inc 129 reviews Aspect is on a mission to simplify and improve customer engagement. Our enterprise software is used by millions of agents every year and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
