
 
 
 
 Defense Travel System Administrator - Norfolk, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Defense Travel System Administrator Goldbelt, Inc. 21 reviews Norfolk, VA Goldbelt, Inc. 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Employment Type: 
 Full Time 
 FLSA Status: 
 Exempt (Salary) 
 Hot Job: 
 No 
 Job Code: 
 10814 
 State/Territory: 
 Virginia 
 
 Goldbelt Hawk designs, develops, and implements comprehensive solutions for problem spaces including computer security, scalable architectures, advanced analytics, artificial intelligence, and network/data center operations. Specializing in incident response at the local and enterprise-wide levels as well as forensic analysis, our personnel deliver threat analysis and reporting while implementing solutions based on mature planning and development practices.
 Essential Job Functions: 
 
 Documented experience in administering DTS at the equivalent level of an Echelon IV or higher Navy command 
 DTS experience should include DTS travel documents, Non-DTS Entry Agent(NDEA) functions, cancellation procedures, constructed travel, fiscal year crossover, group travel, itinerary changes, City Pair program, routing lists, authorizations, vouchers, Commercial Travel order (CTO) Partnership. 
 Documented experience in administering the Government Travel Charge Card Program (IBA and CBA) at the equivalent level of an Echelon IV or higher Navy command.
 CitiBank's experience should include CBA reconciliation, card maintenance, and APC support. 
 
 Necessary Skills and Knowledge: 
 
 Ability to work independently and to interact professionally with senior Navy Officers and personnel. 
 Knowledge of current relevant guidance including the Joint Travel Regulation, the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation (DoDFMR), Navy DTS Business Rules, and NAVSUPINST 465.8. 
 Functional experience with Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel applications. 
 Understanding of Navy policies for the protection of Personally Identifiable Information 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 Shall have a high school diploma 
 At least two (2) years of DTS experience,
 At least two (2) years of Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel applications experience 
 Active current security clearance is valid up to SECRET level. Goldbelt, Inc. 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Goldbelt in Norfolk, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Goldbelt, Inc. 21 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
