
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Burlington, VT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer University of Vermont 199 reviews Burlington, VT University of Vermont 199 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Design, program and execute machine learning and artificial intelligence development on mechanistic computer simulations consisting of agent-based models of wound healing for The An-Cockrell Lab, a Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) funded lab. Create highly granular three-dimensional agent-based models of volumetric muscle loss on high-performance computing systems. Design and implement large scale simulation experiments to characterize the clinically plausible multi-cytokine and cell population parameter space of the agent-based model and the application of various methods of machine learning, including deep reinforcement learning, to train neural networks that will interact with the simulations. Independently design, manage, implement and maintain large-scale machine learning in a secure, scalable and reliable manner. Manage design, execution and security. 
Minimum Qualifications (or equivalent combination of education and experience)
 Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, physics or mathematics and four to five years experience with the application of machine learning, including training of LTSM artificial neural networks, on multi-scale mechanistic simulation models requires. Proficiency with Python, experience with C++, and knowledge and experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques required. Demonstrated track record of working well with a multi-disciplinary team of researchers required. Ability to take specific direction for mission critical tasks required. Demonstrated history of successful academic productivity in terms of publications or presentations at national-level meetings required. 
Desirable Qualifications University of Vermont 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Burlington, VT Jobs at University of Vermont in Burlington, VT Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Burlington, VT Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Vermont University of Vermont 199 reviews The University of Vermont and State Agricultural College, more commonly known as the University of Vermont or UVM, is a public research u... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
