
 
 
 
 CCG Consultant - Rosslyn, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CCG Consultant Deloitte 10,138 reviews Rosslyn, VA 22209 Deloitte 10,138 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence by tapping into the power of data analytics, robotics, and cognitive technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI). Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our team, you will play a key role in helping to our clients uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data and transforming the Government and Public Services marketplace.
 The team
 Our Strategy & Analytics practice brings together several key capabilities that will allow us to architect integrated programs that transform our clients' businesses, including Corporate & Business Unit Strategy, Technology Strategy & Insights, Enterprise Model Design, Enterprise Cloud Strategy and Business Transformation.
 Our professionals will serve as trusted advisors to our clients, working with them to make clear data-driven choices about where to play and how to win, in order to drive growth and enterprise value.
 You will help our clients: 
 
 Identify strategies for growth and value creation
 Develop the appropriate business models, operating models, and capabilities to support their strategic vision
 Creation and development of strategies to support vision and mission definition
 Qualifications
 Required: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in Business Management, Communications or business-related field
 1+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience
 Ability to build a project plan to execute business transformation to include any of the following: stakeholder engagement, business case development, ROI estimation
 Experience assessing data reporting strategy and making recommendations to clients.
 Experience working independently with minimal guidance
 Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment
 Ability to obtain and maintain the required Security Clearance for this role
 
Preferred:
 
 Prior professional services or federal consulting experience
 Experience working with Lean Six Sigma
 Well versed in Business Process Re-Engineering
 The team
 Deloitte's Government and Public Services (GPS) practice - our people, ideas, technology and outcomes-is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.
 The Strategy and Analytics Cross Consulting Group (CCG) is a cohort of client service practitioners who provide cross-functional, enterprise-level data analysis solutions needed to accomplish key policy objectives and make informed decisions. Our CCG practitioners develop advanced analytics products and apply data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data to advance and enable mission outcomes. They also support all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions through data collection and ETL and from performing analyses to delivery of insights to decision-makers.
 Qualifications
 Required: > 
 
 Bachelor's degree required >
 Recruiter choose (1) or (2) and delete the other: (1) Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future OR (2) Limited immigration sponsorship may be available.
 If applicable, Recruiter choose (1) or (2) and delete the other: (1) Must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance for this role OR (2) Active > security clearance required
 Travel up to X% >
 Preferred: >
 How you'll grow
 At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Deloitte 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in Rosslyn, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Rosslyn, VA Consultant salaries in Rosslyn, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,138 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
