
 
 
 
 L&D Product Manager - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search L&D Product Manager Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews San Francisco, CA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description § A bachelor's degree in computer science, or similar field.
 § 3+ years' product/program management experience, ideally in a large, multicultural corporate environment.
 § Proven experience innovating with technology in the field of learning and development.
 § Proven knowledge of xAPI, SCORM, LMS, LRS.
 § Proven ability to communicate effectively, including an ability to influence without authority.
 § Proven experience in all Microsoft Office applications, specifically MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and MS Word.
 § Experience with end to end product delivery, overseeing roadmap strategy and definition, feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product, contributing to engineering discussions around technology decisions and strategy related to a product.
 
 About Us: 
We are passionate about creating a shopping experience that customers will love. If you are an experienced and innovative L&D leader who is passionate about high-quality, innovative, and meaningful development experiences that drive measurable results with far-reaching impact, then we want to hear from you.
 
 The Role: 
We are looking for a leader with an experience strategizing and executing on large-scale projects in the L&D space as well as experience implementing digital L&D products. In this position, you will be single threaded owner for all L&D products, managing the entire product lifecycle from strategic planning to tactical execution. This position requires a solid technical background. You will need a high degree of ownership, strong business acumen, excellent communication and influencing skills, and experience with learning technologies. You thrive in a fast-paced environment and are great at developing product vision and strategy by working backward from the customer and defining / driving overall product strategies and roadmaps.
 
 Responsibilities: 
§ Maximize innovation by promoting the use of appropriate and effective technology.
 § Develop and execute on L&D technology strategy and roadmap. Set the product vision, define the strategic roadmap, analyze user data, and work directly with key stakeholders to prioritize launches across program teams.
 § Manage products through initial launch and follow-on releases, identifying dependencies and clearing blockers.
 § Define the success metrics for features or services and track performance. Utilize metrics to deep-dive issues and uncover business-driving trends and patterns.
 § Writing business cases and produce financial models for key strategic projects.
 § Lead needs analysis activities to drive insights that ensure that we support our learners’ needs and offer compelling user experiences.
 § Build strong working relationships across stakeholder groups, such as HR, business leaders, as well as frontline employees and managers.
 
§ Support the development of team-wide standards for planning and executing on projects that involve the implementation of learning technologies.
 
§ Master’s Degree in relevant field (e.g., Organizational Development, Human Resource Development, Behavioral Sciences, or related field).
 § Experience developing with eLearning tools such as Captivate, Articulate Studio/Storyline, Camtasia, Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator, and technology such as HTML and JavaScript.
 § Familiarity with tool integrations using APIs and scripting.
 § Knowledge of current trends in learning technology, such as artificial intelligence, augmented reality, virtual reality, etc.
 § Experience in leadership and business needs consulting.
 § Experience working in a physical retail environment driving improvements that have resulted in measurable business impact.
 § Able to prioritize in a complex, fast-paced work environment and manage time appropriately.
 § Experience in the database area.
 
Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Learning and Development Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in San Francisco, CA Learning and Development Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
