
 
 
 
 ML Engineer - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ML Engineer Apple 10,251 reviews Austin, TX Apple 10,251 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 21, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200258269 
At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Today, our technology and services power advertising in Search Ads in the App Store and Apple News. Our platforms are highly-performant, deployed at scale, and setting new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy.
We are looking for an ambitious individual who can thrive in an agile environment. You will develop distributed systems and apply cutting edge algorithms and ML models to improve relevance across a range of advertising applications. The position involves building large scale data infrastructure as well as the capability to analyze big data. Detecting meaningful data patterns; assuring the integrity and breadth of the data; measuring user, campaign and app performance; and finally analyzing the results of extremely large-scale experiments. In addition, the successful candidate will apply advanced ML techniques for federated learning where privacy mechanisms are safeguarded at the very onset and delightful relevance experiences are built by applying encryption techniques, on-device segmentation, advanced language models, ranking algorithms by utilizing the best of aggregated server and on-device data. 
Key Qualifications 
Experience in Algorithms, Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Networking, Statistics or Systems Software implementation of new algorithms 
Proficiency with databases, SQL, and scripting languages 
Practical understanding of the mathematics behind modern machine learning, linear algebra and statistics 
Ability to take requirements from design through to implementation, both independently and with larger teams 
Closely working with operational teams on deployment, monitoring, management concerns 
Experience in distributed machine learning architectures or federated learning 
Description 
You will have the opportunity to work on a platform with extreme scale requirements. You should have experience developing and implementing relevant personalization algorithms, revenue optimization solutions and network data processes within a content + audience network. You have excellent understanding of scalable architectures including operational concerns.
You will join and contribute to a culture that emphasizes observability and understandability, reliability, resiliency, simplicity, reusability, extensibility, scalability, velocity and productivity. We are one team, nurturing each other’s growth and supporting each other in delivering for our customers and Apple. 
Education & Experience 
BS/MS in Computer Science, Distributed Systems, Software Engineering, or related field; and experience designing, building, maintaining, and extending web-scale production systems, with exposure to AB testing and machine learning methodologies. Apple 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Apple in Austin, TX Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,251 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
