
 
 
 
 Risk Manager (m/f) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Risk Manager (m/f) AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS Remote Remote Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Employer Profile
 
AAA Intergalactic Investments Corp. is a company of the Awards-winning AAA Intergalactic Investments Group (AAA INTERGALACTIC) – the first financial group dedicated to interplanetary and intergalactic infrastructure.
 
AAA INTERGALACTIC received the Award for BEST RENEWABLES AND FUTURISTIC INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
 
AAA Intergalactic's core team has extensive global experience in the areas of:
 
Futuristic Infrastructure including Intergalactic Infrastructure, Renewable Energy, Smart Real Estate, Telecommunications, Financial Technology, Artificial Intelligence, Insurance, Logistics, Agriculture, African Industry.
 
AAA Intergalactic is a young dynamic financial group with team members:
 
 
 active in 59 partner countries 
 from 60 nationalities 
 locally 
 
rooted and globally connected across several countries
 
 and speaking 
 
more than 76 local languages
 
AAA Intergalactic's companies are active in the cosmos, precisely in America, Europe, Africa and Asia. AAA Intergalactic creates motivational growth conditions through a positive working environment. We have a sincere, direct, scrupulous, and fair management culture. We train our staff members and recruit worldwide. Purposeful team members are recognised and generously rewarded. You can become one of AAA Intergalactic Investments Group's members if you are human, competent, self-confident, self-motivated, have an international experience and are multilingual.
 
Watch our videos
 
1\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDn0j7DldoY&t=7s
 
2\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-3ar6tXUG0&t=1s
 
3\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzaaNB8AfRY&t=16s
 
4\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=TprSm-FF3E8
 
5\. www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzaaNB8AfRY&t=19s
 
5\. www.youtube.com/channel/UC5kE8zNVq5uJBGzNBe8yncw
 
We employ committed investment professionals from different nationalities, and career backgrounds on planet Earth working across
 the full investment life cycle including the origination and execution of new investments and the management of our growing portfolio.
 
As a Risk Manager, you will identify and assess all eventual threats and put plans to reduce or eliminate evaluated risks. You should be able to keep your eye on seemingly minor details.
 
Tasks
 
 
 Evaluate risk, which involves comparing estimated risks with criteria established by AAA Intergalactic such as costs, legal requirements and environmental factors, and evaluate previous handling of risks 
 Plan, design and implement an overall risk management process for the organisation make risk assessments, which involves analysing risks as well as identifying, describing and estimating the risks affecting the business 
 Establish and quantify the organisation's 'risk appetite', i.e. the level of risk they are prepared to accept 
 Report risk in an appropriate way to the board of directors 
 Undertake corporate governance involving external risk reporting to stakeholders 
 Carry out processes such as purchasing insurance, implementing health and safety measures, and making business continuity plans to limit risks and prepare for if things go wrong 
 Provide support, education and training to staff to build risk awareness 
 Conduct audits of policy and compliance to standards, including liaison with internal and external auditors 
 
Requirements
 
We welcome diversity and are looking to complement our Risk Management team with people sharing the following qualifications and abilities:
 
 
 Relationship driven personality that likes to work in an international environment 
 Solid personal, communication and presentation skills 
 Problem-solving and decision-making abilities 
 Strong analytical skills 
 A good eye for detail 
 Negotiation skills 
 Resilience and the ability to cope under pressure 
 Planning and organisation skills 
 The ability to react quickly and think on your feet 
 Technical acumen 
 The skills to be a team player and to work on our own 
 Leadership qualities 
 Proven numerical skills and the ability to evaluate costs 
 A proactive approach to work, in terms of suggesting changes and improvements to processes and systems 
 Commercial awareness and the ability to understand broad business issues. eat commercial judgment 
 Dynamic entrepreneurial personality with strong communication skills 
 A genuine interest and knowledge of private equity and international markets 
 Completed Master’s degree or MBA University degree in economics, finance, Technology, Engineering or business administration 
 Strong financial modelling experience, and solid understanding of valuation methodologies of REAL ASSETS, and financial statements – prior experience in assessing financial institutions 
 Proven track record in complex project management and negotiating agreements 
 Fluent proficiency in English and at least one other European, or African(including Arabic) or Asian language 
 1-4 years’ work experience in investment banking, strategy consulting or private equity 
 Experience in emerging Markets would be an advantage 
 Entrepreneurial spirit and proactive "can-do" attitude 
 An open-minded, team player, curious, and hands-on mentality 
 
Benefits
 
This position can offer full-time benefits, and periodic review for incentive pay based on organisational and personal achievement. The full package will be based on education and experience and will be commensurate with other social impact investment organisations.
 
How will you be recruited?
 
Given the restrictions correlated to the COVID-19 pandemic, all interviews will be conducted by virtual connection to protect our candidates and employees.
 
Please send us your CV, including your photo and your cover letter.
 
 Start:  Immediately or as soon as possible
 
Apply now if you are a professional who has been looking for opportunities to make an impactful and positive difference in our target industries and regions in the cosmos.
 
Your Recruiting Team
 AAA Intergalactic Investments Corp.
 30 Wall Street
 New York City, NY 10005
 United States of America
 
Please find more opportunities on our career page AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Risk Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS in Remote Risk Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from AAA INTERGALACTIC INVESTMENTS Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
