
 
 
 
 Chief Scientist - Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Scientist JANUS Research Group 28 reviews Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD JANUS Research Group 28 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ***This position is contingent upon award*** 
 JANUS Research Group is seeking a Chief Scientist with research, development, and testing experience in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD. This candidate will be responsible for leading a team conducting research and studies of complex problems in Multi-Domain Operations, and providing the basis for highly available, reliable, and scalable solutions. 
 Your Future Duties And Responsibilities: 
 Lead the design and development underlying architecture and interfaces for Identity Intelligence products. 
 Oversee development of processes, models, and tools to analyze collection data and apply modern Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence techniques. 
 Identify and leverage leading edge technologies and innovative enterprise solutions to increase operation flexibility and agility. 
 Modeling and Simulation for system development, prototyping, integration, and deployment. 
 
 Experience and Education 
 Required Skills: 
 The candidate shall have an active DoD TS/SCI clearance. 
 Must work well in agile team environments. 
 Atlassian Suite of tools (JIRA, Confluence). 
 MS Office Suite of tools. 
 Leading large technical teams. 
 
 Required Education and Experience: 
 Bachelor’s in Computer Science or Engineering field with 10 years of experience. 
 Experience contributing to documentation such as Software Requirement Specifications, Software Design Description, Software Test Plan. 
 Experience solving hard analytical problems via quick prototype and test of new ideas, and implementation of cost-effective tradeoffs in large-scale software systems within research and development. 
 Experience leading the development and delivery of high-quality software solutions to develop and operationalize models, tools, and applications that drive optimized decision making. 
 Experience leading teams and deploying solutions in an agile, DevSecOps, CI/CDenvironments using lifecycle management methods and tools. 
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering field with 20 years of experience. 
 Experience developing or integrating with DCGS-A and/or ICITE. 
 Agile Certifications. 
 DevOps Certifications. 
 Cloud Certifications. 
 
 Benefits and unique perks offered, but not limited to: 
 Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance 
 Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) 
 401(k) Matching Program 
 10 Paid Holidays 
 Paid Time Off (PTO) 
 Short-Term and Long-Term Disability 
 Basic and Voluntary Life Insurance 
 Education Assistance Program 
 Award Incentive Programs: Leader of the Year, Employee of the Quarter, Energy Award 
 Scholarship Award Program 
 Referral Incentive Program 
 Employee Longevity Recognition 
 
 JANUS Research Group provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: 
 Judy Pagac 
Director of Human Resources 
judy.pagac@janusresearch.com
 
 (706) 364-9100 
 Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within JANUS Research Group will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering a career with JANUS Research Group. 
 Janus Research Group participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information. JANUS Research Group 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD Jobs at JANUS Research Group in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD Scientist salaries in Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from JANUS Research Group 28 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
