
 
 
 
 Applied Scientist - Mapping and Geospatial ML/AI - East Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Scientist - Mapping and Geospatial ML/AI Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews East Palo Alto, CA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Graduate degree (M.S or PhD) in machine learning, computer vision, robotics, or related field. 
 2+ years of top quality research and development experience, with strong analytic and problem-solving skills 
 Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as Python, Java, C/C++ or C# or related language 
 Deep Learning implementation expertise (TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet, etc) 
 Excellent problem solving ability 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 
Interested in building Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions for mapping and geospatial applications? Our team's mission is to make machine learning easy, stronger, and universal across data driven products and businesses. We live in a time wherein mapping, location, and geospatial data has become ubiquitous. Cloud computing has made it easy to gather and process location and geospatial data generated by satellites, mobile devices, and also IoT devices. Our vision is to bring the best ML/AI algorithms to mapping and geospatial data and problems. Building high quality mapping applications requires a unique combination of humans and ML/AI algorithms. We specialize in developing managed ML/AI services such as SageMaker and also Human-in-loop (HIL) ML/AI services such as SageMaker Ground Truth, Amazon Augmented AI for model inference, and Mechanical Turk for crowd intelligence. Our strategy is to bring the best of ML based automation to machine learning engineers and data scientists build mapping, geospatial, and location aware applications.
 
We are seeking an experienced Applied Scientist for the Mapping and Geospatial ML/AI services team. This is a role that combines science knowledge (around machine learning, computer vision, and robotics), technical strength, and product focus. It will be your job to help develop ML science for mapping and geospatial problems and work closely with the engineering team to ship them to our customers. You are also expected to work closely with other applied scientists and demonstrate Amazon Leadership Principles.
 
Strong technical skill and experience with machine learning, computer vision, or robotics is required. Experience working with location, mapping, and geospatial data is a plus. Our customers are strongly technical and the solutions we build for them are strongly coupled to technical feasibility.
 
If you are ready for the challenge, come and help us design the future.
 
Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 PhD in Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Robotics or a related quantitative field. Research experience in location, mapping, or geospatial domains is a plus. 
 Publications in top-tier computer vision or machine learning conferences and journals 
 Proven track record of innovation in creating novel algorithms and advancing the state of the art 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in East Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in East Palo Alto, CA Scientist salaries in East Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
