
 
 
 
 Solutions Architect - HPC - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Solutions Architect - HPC NVIDIA 238 reviews California Remote NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you a computational scientist or engineer passionate about working on the frontiers of artificial intelligence and high performance computing?
 NVIDIA is searching for a Solutions Architect to work with developers and scientist working on critical problems that demand HPC and AI. Solutions Architects are the primary technical contacts for our customers and engage deeply with scientific researchers and application developers. We need individuals who can develop positive relationships with customers, learn their requirements and work to bring solutions that enable their success.
 Your primary responsibilities will be to lead high performance computing (HPC) and deep learning technical customer engagements with a focus on developers and computational scientists at universities and research institutions. You should be comfortable working in a dynamic environment, and have experience with HPC, deep learning and software and systems. Your ability to work independently is important, and you will rely upon your excellent communication skills during consulting engagements. We expect you to work closely with the entire customer team, including sales, program management and business development. Some travel to conferences and customers will be required.
 What  you’ll  be  doing:
 Engage with customers to develop a keen understanding of their goals, strategies, and technical needs – and help to define and deliver high-value solutions that meet these needs.
 Assist field business development in guiding the customer through the sales process for GPU Computing products, being responsible for the technical relationship and assisting customers in building creative solutions based on NVIDIA technology.
 Provide customer requirements to engineering to foster product and platform improvements.
 Be an industry leader with vision on integrating NVIDIA technology into HPC architectures.
 Be an internal champion for Deep Learning and HPC among the NVIDIA technical community.
 What  we  need  to  see:
 MS or PhD or equivalent experience in Engineering, Mathematics, Physical Sciences, or Computer Science.
 8+ years of work related experience in software development or Machine Learning or HPC.
 Programming experience with HPC languages such as C/C++/Fortran, and data science languages like Python.
 Parallel programming experience with OpenMP/MPI.
 Experience with GPU Computing and CUDA/OpenACC programming.
 Experience working with supercomputing and technical computing customers.
 Experience with modern Deep Learning software architectures and frameworks including Tensorflow, PyTorch or other Deep Learning Frameworks
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
 Ambitious and independent with the ability to multi-task effectively with minimal day-to-day direction.
 Strong written and oral communications skills leading to effective collaboration with management and engineering.
 Ways  to  stand  out  from  the  crowd:
 CUDA optimization experience.
 Experience programming embedded platforms e.g., NVIDIA Jetson or similar.
 Data Science experience.
 Experience using and running large-scale HPC resources, e.g., Slurm, PBS, etc.
 Cloud development/deployment experience e.g., Docker and Kubernetes.
 Experience in data science methods and analysis.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in California Jobs at NVIDIA in California Software Architect salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
