
 
 
 
 Software Development Engineer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Development Engineer Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,176 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 Do you want to fundamentally improve the everyday productivity of software developers using AWS? The AWS CodeBuild team is looking for a software engineer to transform the customer experience for developers using the entire Code suite of services to build out and model their development process. You and your team will own services that will enable customers to develop and customize their development process, along with easing their use of Continuous Integration techniques for their software. As the software development engineer of this team, you will play an important role in shaping the definition, vision, design, roadmap and development of this set of CodeBuild product features from beginning to end. You will:
 
 Help drive business decisions with your technical input 
 
·
 
 Design, implement, test, deploy and maintain innovative software solutions to transform service performance, durability, cost, and security. 
 
·
 
 Use software engineering best practices to ensure a high standard of quality for all of the team deliverables 
 
·
 
 Write high quality distributed system software 
 
·
 
 Work in an agile, startup-like development environment, where you are always working on the most important stuff 
 
·
 In this role you will contribute to a critical and highly-visible function within the AWS business. You will work with extraordinary talent and have the opportunity to hire and shape the team to best execute on the product. If you’re excited to have a large impact on AWS and the cloud computing industry, you’ll find this role to be engaging, challenging, and full of opportunities to learn and grow.
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 Learn more about Amazon on our Day 1 Blog:  https://blog.aboutamazon.com/
 
 
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and develop technical designs 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Seattle, WA Software Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 72,176 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
