
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Perception - Autonomous Vehicles - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Perception - Autonomous Vehicles NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Intelligent machines powered by Artificial Intelligence computers that can learn, reason and interact with people are no longer science fiction. GPU Deep Learning has provided the foundation for machines to learn, perceive, reason and solve problems. Now, NVIDIA’s GPU runs Deep Learning algorithms, simulating human intelligence, and acts as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world.
 We are now looking for extraordinary Autonomous Vehicle Perception Engineers to develop and productize NVIDIA's autonomous driving solutions. As a member of our perception team, you will work on building world-class perception solutions by developing state-of-the-art machine learning models using large-scale data. You will be challenged to improve robustness and accuracy of models using multiple sensor modalities (e.g., camera, radar, and ultrasonic) under challenging and diverse scenarios to fully enable autonomous driving anywhere and anytime.
 What you'll be doing:
 Research and develop state-of-the art machine learning models for perception in challenging and diverse scenarios .
 Develop low latency, real-time, embedded computer vision algorithms to deploy machine learning models.
 Analyze and improve the system using using both real and synthetic benchmark data.
 What we need to see:
 MS or PhD in Computer Science or related fields (or equivalent experience).
 4+ years of software engineering experience related to computer vision and machine learning systems.
 Hands-on experience in developing machine learning models to solve complex real world problems.
 Experience with deep learning framework (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, etc).
 Strong programming skills in C++ and python.
 Outstanding communication and collaboration skills as we work as a tightly-knit team, always discussing and learning from each other.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience with CUDA.
 Hands on background in deploying DNN models to embedded platforms for real-time applications.
 Hands-on experience in using simulated / synthetic data to improve accuracy of machine learning models.
 Experience with disciplined, design based approach to software development.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
