
 
 
 
 Sr Salesforce Developer - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Salesforce Developer Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Seattle, WA Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS or related field. 
 5+ years of Salesforce development experience using Apex, Visualforce, SOQL and SOSL, Lightning component frameworks, triggers, batch apex, and Salesforce APIs. 
 5+ years of experience in Salesforce point and click configuration using workflows, validation rules, roles & profiles, reports and dashboards. 
 2+ years as lead or technical architect of Salesforce 
 Experience integrating Salesforce with other applications using SOAP, REST, BULK APIs, Mulesoft, third-party integration tools and ETL with Salesforce. 
 Demonstrative success with at least two large Salesforce custom-build applications. 
 Experience in building complex, scalable, and high-performance software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers. 
 Ability to communicate risks and solutions to business owners. 
 
Amazon Business, rooted in the retail sector, is where we are reshaping how businesses buy and sell supplies. We provide a procurement solution to more than 5 million businesses across geographies and industries to help streamline their purchasing. What makes Amazon Business unique is that we also enable hundreds of thousands of third-party sellers to sell to business customers of all sizes, including public sector entities and multinational enterprises. Since launching in the U.S. in 2015, we have expanded to eight additional countries and reached $25 billion in worldwide annualized sales, more than half of which are from third-party sellers.
 
Across Amazon, we're working on technology that will transform purchasing and bring savings and efficiency for a digital, intelligent, and sustainable future. Through artificial intelligence, machine learning, and predictive analytics, Amazon Business (AB) brings automation and insights to provide a procurement solution to enable pioneering leaders to have a strategic role in transforming their organizations.
 
The AB Marketing Team is seeking an experienced Sr Salesforce Developer to drive the automation of processes, develop new applications, and help manage the integrations to our various marketing systems. While Salesforce will be the main focus, you will need to be willing and able to learn and support various business initiatives that have direct integration with Salesforce (e.g. Pardot). As an Application Engineer, you will help own and contribute to defining and governing coding standards, implementing design patterns, and refactoring existing code. In addition to working on the latest Salesforce technologies, such as Lightning and Einstein, you will also work with AWS Services to innovate across the marketing/sales technology stack. You’ll be chartered with creating and operating applications that deliver critical capabilities to the marketing team world-wide and embed operational knowledge and encode best practices into everything we do.
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Building applications using Apex and Lightning. 
 Working with Lightning Framework, Lightning components, Lightning events and Salesforce Lightning Design system. 
 Working in agile development methodologies with Service Cloud implementation. 
 Perform technical analysis, design, development, implementation of applications with necessary customization. 
 Support cross systems and related integration's across native Salesforce eco system. 
 Build solution on Salesforce.com platform, including development in Force.com, Visualforce, Lightning, Apex, Web Services, and API's. 
 Work with a cross-functional Scrum team to maintain and enhance Salesforce Service Cloud applications in iterative release cycles. 
 Troubleshoot and fix defects for planned releases and production issues. 
 Research and find opportunities to utilize SFDC best practices, guidelines to improve system productivity, scaling and monitoring. 
 Participate in technical discussions, influencing smart decisions about when to use configuration vs. coding. 
 Experience with continuous integrations, automations, and deployment of processes. 
 Mentor peers via code review and ad hoc assistance. 
 Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, related field, or equivalent work experience. 
 Certified Salesforce Platform Developer II (PDII) or equivalent experience. 
 Certified Salesforce Administrator or equivalent experience. 
 Certified Salesforce Platform App Builder or equivalent experience. 
 Adobe product experience (e.g. Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Target, Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Analytics, Adobe AdCloud suite). 
 Proficiency in HTML, XML JavaScript, SQL, Java or C++ 
 Experience designing, architecting, implementing and/or operating within AWS. 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Salesforce Developer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Salesforce Developer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 72,176 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
