
 
 
 
 Senior Software Systems Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Systems Engineer talentarchitect.com Remote Job details Salary $80,000 - $110,000 a year Full Job Description COMPANY:  Stilman Advanced Strategies 
POSITION:  Senior Software Systems Engineer. Including Product Owner and customer responsibilities 
LOCATION:  Work Remote-  100% work from anywhere USA job, we all do it!  US Citizenship is required.  This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance during early employment which we sponsor. 
 
 Company Overview 
STILMAN Advanced Strategies develops software based on Linguistic Geometry (LG), a unique Artificial Intelligence (AI) approach. Our core technology generates predictive, tactically correct Courses of Action (COAs) that dynamically adapt in response to changes in missions and actions taken by the intelligent opposition. These tools support mission planning, rehearsal, training and execution use cases for military commanders across echelons and services. Our applications have been shown to deliver unique value to the warfighter due to the quality of generated COAs, UX/UI design that makes it easy to fully comprehend complex COA results and to define mission inputs, as well as ease of deployment and integration with other system with well-defined modern APIs. 
 
Our small, distributed team has been developing and continually improving these software applications since 1999. We pride ourselves on the quality of our software and we are excited as we continue this development with US Navy, US Army, Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and other agencies to further enhance, integrate, and deploy these products. 
 
 The Role: Senior  Software  Systems Engineer 
We are looking to bring on a dedicated  System Engineer  to work closely with our software developers on our primary software applications that include web app that leverages modern UI technologies, UX concepts, GIS/mapping, communications protocols, data formats, and military concepts, as well as backend components with custom Artificial Intelligence (AI) engine, military modeling and simulation framework (M&S), and integration capabilities for our own front end and for 3rd party systems. This web-based system encompasses a large feature set for map-centric scenario construction and editing, 2D and 3D animated visualization, real time collaboration, COA analytics, wargaming, and integration with other military and simulation systems. As the feature set grows, we need to ensure that user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the military users can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool. 
 
In this role, you will become the Subject Matter Expert (SME) of military Courses of Action analysis, wargaming and simulation software systems. Prior military tactical experience and/or understanding of the military operations and capabilities would be a very strong asset, although not required. 
 
You will communicate with the clients to assist with gathering feedback and new requirements and decomposing them into actionable, well-defined user stories and tasks. You will work with the development team to design solutions to customer needs, help document the system and feature design, and communicate it with key stakeholders outside of the company. You will take part in design of UI/UX and military modeling for new features or redesigning existing ones based on customer needs, feedback, and your own recommendations for usability improvements. You will work directly with the development team to manage and prioritize backlog, track developer progress and guide them in making decisions to ensure end software closely matches user needs. As a superuser of our software you will use the software, communicate insights for the development team, and demonstrate the functionality to the current or prospective customers. You will support our integration efforts through close communication with the product owners and software engineers of the other companies to make sure that the end product fits customer needs, and to represent and advocate for the technical approach designed by our development team. 
 
 Key Skills to Have for this Technical role 
 Military experience required. Officer level, tactical/combat background, simulation training combo strongly preferred, at least one required 
 Technically savvy in systems and software development 
 Excellent communicator 
 Dependable, creative, and detail oriented 
 Great Experience to Have, Some Combination needed 
 Modeling and Simulation 
 Representing technical team in meetings 
 Capturing user needs 
 Managing the development backlog 
 Planning the work of software developers 
 Software development experience 
 Technical writing 
 UI/UX design 
 Benefits & Other 
 We offer an attractive compensation package including competitive salaries, bonuses, medical and dental coverage, flexible schedule & PTO, and tuition assistance. For Colorado residents, to comply with the new state law our posted base pay can start from 80-110K.
 US Citizenship is required, residing in any US state acceptable as we have been 100% WFH for 20 years! No CTC or 3rd parties please. 
 We fly under the radar on social media but will be glad to share more information with you once we are in discussions. Thanks for considering Stilman Advanced Strategies for your next career move! talentarchitect.com 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at talentarchitect.com in Remote Senior Software Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from talentarchitect.com Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
