
 
 
 
 Software Engineer 2 - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer 2 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,140 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do you want to work on building a planet-scale artificial intelligence (AI) system? The central Azure team is looking for truly exceptional software engineers to be part of a specialized startup team to build the next generation of cloud-based AI systems. Our work encompasses a wide array of hardware, compilers, distributed systems, operating systems, networking, and datacenter technologies. 
The platform and infrastructure part of the new AI systems team is looking for engineers who are passionate about solving problems associated with large scale AI service’s performance, scalability, reliability, and efficiency. To build and manage one of the largest AI services in the industry. 
Responsibilities 
Design, implement and deliver service infrastructure to support service expansion in regions and clouds; strategize and codify capacity management to meet customer demand. 
Deliver world-class monitoring systems and telemetry pipelines to enhance service and job observability for both end-users and operators. 
Design and implement release and deployment infrastructure to scale service deployments to thousands of clusters while continue to increase our release cadence and agility. 
Design and build change management systems that orchestrate and automatically ensure the safety and correctness of any change made to the production system. 
Codify security and compliance requirements by building and strengthening system defenses against malicious attacks and exploits. 
Use data-driven and machine learning approaches to build quality and operational insights; leverage insights to drive quality and operational excellence across pre and post production pipelines. 
Design and implement performance and scalability infrastructure that focuses on methodically calibrating data at scale to ensure meaningful characterizations and comparisons. 
Leverage performance and profiling tools to identify hot spots and bottlenecks across hardware and software boundaries: from CPU, GPU, microcode, OS, networking to product code and drive end-to-end job performance. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications:
 3+ years of experience with coding in one of C, C++ and C#, Java. 
Experience with improving service operations or engineering fundamentals.
 Excellent collaboration skills.
 A Master’s degree (or Bachelor’s degree with 3+ years of work experience equivalent) in computer science or a related field.
 At least 2 years of experience building and shipping production software or services. 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 Proven ability to create componentized and well-architected software 
Prior experience in building large scale cloud services, distributed systems, or operating systems 
Understanding of TensorFlow and PyTorch runtimes - a plus 
Experience programming GPUs (graphics processing units), CUDA/cuDNN/NCCL - a plus 
Experience programming FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) – a plus 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check. This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 21 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,140 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
