
 
 
 
 Experience Design Associate Director - Charlotte, NC 28202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Experience Design Associate Director Bank of America 30,351 reviews Charlotte, NC 28202 Bank of America 30,351 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: Global Banking Associate Director of Experience Design, Bank of America Experience Design At Bank of America, we’re guided by a common purpose: to help make financial lives better by connecting clients and communities to the resources they need to be successful. Bank of America’s Experience Design team includes interaction designers, graphic designers, researchers, strategic designers, design program managers, content strategists, design technologists and other creative professionals. The team is constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to find ways all our digital platforms can empower customers to reach their financial goals in more customized, intuitive, innovative, engaging, secure, and time-saving ways. 
At Bank of America we are investing heavily in transformational programs that empower the bank’s commercial clients to do business with the bank “whenever, wherever and however” they want; as well as advance banker efficiency through automation, simplification and scale. Leveraging human-centered design, seamless omni-channel experiences and data-driven insights powered by Artificial Intelligence (AI), Global Banking Digital is helping shape the future of commercial banking. 
 As a Associate Director of Experience Designer, you will Manage teams, across a platform, coaching, directing and unblocking as needed, to produce great work that delights clients and achieves business goals. Proactively seek out strategic partnerships across organizations at every level, build strong relationships with product, technology and business associates. Ensure a portfolio of design work is delivered on time and on budget while achieving the objectives and goals set by executive leadership. Evangelize and evolve our XD practice, culture and craft, lead design meetings and actively participate in critiques. Advocate for Design Systems while simultaneously thinking beyond one design solution and one technical platform, seeking reusability where efficiency matters and variability when differentiation drives value. Regularly and actively engage team members in career management conversions, charting a path and providing tools to develop skills as well as create new growth opportunities. Hold each team member to the highest level of quality and professionalism You are a person who Is an enthusiastic, highly motivated self-starter with a strong work ethic and an intense focus on achieving results. A “roll-up your sleeves” doer. Collaborates effectively to get things done, building and nurturing strong relationships. Is exceptional at problem-solving, issue resolution, and time management. Demonstrates strong listening, communication, and presentation skills. Is a continuous learner who adapts quickly and positively to change. Commits to delivery dates and delivers on time. Embraces the opportunity to work in an office while collaborating with teammates and partners in other locations. Is available to travel occasionally. You are a person has (required skills) 10+ years of design experience with a dazzling portfolio of designs 6+ years of work experience as lead/senior designer and track record managing and inspiring people to achieve their maximum potential. Expert in user-centered design methodologies and rapid ideation processes like Lean UX, Design Sprints, and Fail-Fast.  Excellent communication and presentation skills, including exceptional listening and consultative capabilities and writing skills  Strong organizational and influencing skills across teams, ability to engage stakeholders, to understand change readiness, manage differences and create buy-in You will be better prepared if you have (desired skills) Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in design or related discipline Mastery of human-centered design methodologies and rapid ideation processes such as Lean XD and Design Sprints We are a culture that Is committed to building a workplace where every employee is welcomed and given the support and resources to build and advance their careers. Along with taking care of our clients we want to be a great place for people to work, and we strive to create an environment where all employees have the opportunity to achieve their goals. Believes diversity makes us stronger so we can reflect, connect to and meet the diverse needs of our clients around the world. Provides continuous training and developmental opportunities to help employees achieve their goals, whatever their background or experience. Is committed to advancing our tools, technology and ways of working. We always put our clients first to meet their evolving needs. Believes in responsible growth and is dedicated to supporting communities around the world by connecting them to the lending, investing and giving they need to remain vibrant and vital. Job Band: H4 Shift:  1st shift (United States of America) Hours Per Week: 40 Weekly Schedule: Referral Bonus Amount: 0 Bank of America 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Design Director jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Bank of America in Charlotte, NC Design Director salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bank of America Bank of America 30,351 reviews Bank of America Corporation is a bank holding company. Through its banking subsidiaries (the Banks) and various non-banking subsidiaries ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
