
 
 
 
 Sr Machine Learning Engineer - San Ramon, CA 94583 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Machine Learning Engineer GE Healthcare 2,077 reviews San Ramon, CA 94583 GE Healthcare 2,077 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description Summary 
Want to make a difference in the healthcare domain and ship groundbreaking technology of large-scale systems with deep learning and artificial intelligence? We are looking for a highly motivated individual, passionate about deep learning frameworks and tools to join the GE Healthcare. As the Machine Learning Engineer, you will work with Data Scientists and Platform Engineers on building world class AI tools in Healthcare domain. 
 
GE Healthcare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions innovator. Our Digital organization is structured around three major areas: Products & Platform, Go to Market and Centers of Excellence. 
Job Description 
Essential Responsibilities: 
You will be expected to design, develop, maintain deep learning frameworks, tools, services. You need to have: 
Knowledge in Machine learning and Deep Learning. 
Experience in at least one popular deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow, Pytorch etc). 
Practice strong software development/testing principles and best practices: Test-driven development (TDD), CI/CD, code refactoring, coding standards, etc. 
Evaluate new AI & software tools through POCs and propose solutions for implementation 
Document guides, systems design, reference architectures and implementations 
Qualifications/Requirements: 
Basic Qualifications: 
Master’s Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics)
 6+ years of professional experience
 2+ years of experience in public cloud infrastructure (AWS/other) 
Strong implementation experience with a variety of high-level languages and frameworks such as Python, TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, CNTK, etc. 
GE Leadership Program Graduates will get credit towards relevant work experience, commensurate to the program they have completed 
Our total rewards are designed to unlock your ambition by giving you the boost and flexibility you need to turn your ideas into world-changing realities. Our salary and benefits are everything you’d expect from an organization with global strength and scale, and you’ll be surrounded by career opportunities in a culture that fosters care, collaboration and support. 
#LI-SAN 
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
 Relocation Assistance Provided:  Yes General Electric 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Ramon, CA Jobs at GE Healthcare in San Ramon, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Ramon, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from GE Healthcare GE Healthcare 2,077 reviews GE Healthcare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions innovator. We enable clinicians to make faster, more informed ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
