
 
 
 
 Cloud Software Engineer - Durham, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Software Engineer Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Durham, NC Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we live by three core values that drive our business: Partner. Innovate. Act. These values combine to help us create important work all over the world to advance how people live and work. 
HPE makes Hybrid IT simple. HPE helps customers to design the right mix of Hybrid IT solutions to serve their unique needs. We bring next generation infrastructure that uses intelligent software to simplify and accelerate the delivery of new apps, services and business insights. Our mission is to empower our customers with new ways to deliver and manage IT on-premises and in the cloud. We are working on the next generation of cloud storage and computing services built with simplicity, scale and security in mind. 
 
Data – and what you can do with it – never stops evolving. And extracting value from it is easier said than done. What's the answer? Intelligent, built-for-cloud storage from HPE. 
Simplify operations through AI 
Run any workload, anywhere 
Meet shifting business needs 
Be ready for the multi-cloud world 
Are you looking for a unique, truly innovative role? What if it could be with one of the most impactful IT companies in the world? Then we have the right opportunity—we are looking for a  Software Engineers  to join us!
 Software Engineers  within HPE Storage you will join an industry-leading organization in the delivery of Hybrid Storage solutions on premises and in the Cloud. You will have the opportunity to work with a global product team for software design, development, release management, and support during the full product lifecycle. Aligning with HPE’s technical career path, HPE offers you both vertical and horizontal growth in engineering and related product delivery roles. 
Responsibilities: 
Work with product managers and owners to define and drive the next generation of intelligent data storage products and solutions 
Build solutions that manage the data across public and hybrid cloud environments 
Optimize cost and performance of HPE Storage software offering in public/hybrid cloud environments 
Design and develop solutions that protect and manage cloud native apps and data 
Develop tools to simulate and test large scale customer deployments in public and hybrid cloud environments 
Share and review your innovative technical ideas with peers, high level technical contributors, and managers 
Education and Experience: 
Strong Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent 
Typically 2-3 years’ experience software engineering for junior roles and typically 6+ years of experience for more senior profiles 
Experience in developing SaaS based applications within AWS/Azure or other public cloud technologies 
Knowledge and Skills: 
Passion for technology, with the ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions 
Eager, quick learner with strong team work spirit 
Excellent verbal and written English communication skills 
Experience with structured programming languages such as C, C++, Python, Go and Java 
Our microservices are built using Go and Python, so experience here is real plus. 
Experience in building large scale distributed systems 
Experience in one or more of the following areas is a plus: data protection, recommendation systems, data mining, machine learning or artificial intelligence 
What we can offer you: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and participation in the shared values and purpose that make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers! At HPE, our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. 
If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
1076824 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Cloud Engineer jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Durham, NC Cloud Engineer salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,787 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
