
 
 
 
 Systems Engineer (Full Performance) - Dulles, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Engineer (Full Performance) BAE Systems 4,124 reviews Dulles, VA BAE Systems 4,124 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description BAE Systems, a top-ten prime contractor to the U.S. Department of Defense, enables the U.S. government to transform data into intelligence and provides engineering, integration and sustainment support for critical military platforms and systems. Intelligence & Security provides services and products to the Department of Defense, the government, federal law enforcement officials, and troops deployed around the world. 
 
At BAE Systems, we promote a strong, collaborative culture and provide our employees with the tools, skills and training they need to succeed. We are all about trust, camaraderie and a shared ambition to lead the world in defense technologies and national security services. We offer flexible work environment to support the balance in your life and keep you performing at your best. Be a part of a company that is part of the community; driven to improve our future and protect our freedom. 
 
We are looking for experienced System Engineers to join our technology-based program supporting a key government customer. This program will deliver engineering services for network infrastructure as well as sophisticated enterprise computing infrastructure including end-point devices, data center hosted servers, multi-Cloud services as well as virtualized applications, and storage systems. Enterprise Computing Engineering services include modern application technology including containerized solutions with orchestrated workflow that function both on customer premise, and via remote Cloud services. Network infrastructure engineering services are comprised of core infrastructure, voice and video engineering, field engineering, application management and development for networks, network analytics, firewalls, network access controls and bandwidth service delivery. This is a fast paced, challenging, and career rewarding experience to recruit and develop provide top talent and solutions on one of the most complex and high profile programs within the government. 
CBLT 
 
 Required Education, Experience, & Skills
 
We are actively seeking Systems Engineers with a minimum of 3 years' experience. Bachelor's or Master’s Degrees are preferred in one or more of the disciplines described below where specific skills may include the following… 
System requirements capture, analysis, decomposition, and design. 
Analysis, design, development, deployment, and lifecycle support for innovative hardware systems and applications. 
Requirements generation, and independent verification and validation tools 
Systems engineering tools (DOORS, JAMA, JIRA, etc.) 
Identification of technical trends in information technology, awareness on-going IT projects, and business unit requirements 
Applying project management model (e.g. Agile, Spiral, Waterfall) for a given development effort 
Model Based System Engineering principles 
Enterprise Architecture frameworks and principles 
Systems Engineering Lifecycle (SELC) support 
Use of Digital Twin to enable virtual designs 
Ensuring developed systems comply with the enterprise technical architecture 
Assisting in keeping senior management apprised of project or program status 
Assisting project and program teams in preparing for program management reviews 
 
Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills
 
 IT system automation to include artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) 
Experience with automated testing 
Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) 
Automation tools (e.g. Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Terraform, etc.) 
Knowledge of Security Development Operations (SecDevOps) on iterative development projects 
Cloud design, implementation, and configuration 
Knowledge of Infrastructure as Code 
Knowledge of Agile development principles. 
Knowledge of modern software languages (e.g. Java, C, C++, C#, Python, Perl, etc.) 
 
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security
 
BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference. 
 
Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels.
 
 
At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues. BAE Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job System Engineer jobs in Dulles, VA Jobs at BAE Systems in Dulles, VA System Engineer salaries in Dulles, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BAE Systems BAE Systems 4,124 reviews At BAE Systems, we provide some of the world's most advanced, technology-led defense, aerospace and security solutions. We develop, engin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
