
 
 
 
 Customer for Life Director I - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer for Life Director I SUSE 23 reviews Texas SUSE 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Customer for Life Director I 
Job Description: 
About Us 
SUSE  the world’s largest independent open source company, helps customers, partners and communities  be  the difference  in their spheres of influence. Through open collaboration and agile, enterprise-grade open source solutions, customers, partners and communities are empowered to simplify tasks, modernize environments and accelerate business innovation – ultimately reaping the benefits of measurable value and better futures. Our customer obsessed operating model means exceptional service, value, flexibility and customer choice, with no enforced lock in. 
SUSE ’s open, open source approach helps our customers and partners move their businesses forward, transforming IT, delivering increased agility and faster innovation. 
Reports To 
Global VP Customer for Life 
Objective  of the role 
Leading the Customer Success function in the Americas means that you will 
build, lead, coach and motivate a team of Customer Success Managers (CSMs), 
champion to establish a customer success focused culture across the whole organization and 
support staff to achieve their targets in line with SUSE’s revenue goals. 
This will be done in close collaboration and alignment with your peer for EMEA & APJ and our global Customer Experience Program Manager. 
In this function, you will be accountable for evolving Customer Success as a program and ensure it’s embedded as a strategy in the SUSE organization. As we continue to roll-out the Customer Success model we expect that your team will expand and grow, not just by adding additional CSMs but also in responsibilities. Also, you will influence sales leaders in driving and embedding the program into their activities and objectives. 
The Customer Success team will focus on the post-sales lifecycle and through close partnership with SUSE’s customers, we will guide them to maximize the value they get from their investments using SUSE’s products by ensuring clearly defined business outcomes and success metrics captured in mutually agreed Customer Success Plans. This all leads to a greater customer experience as well as higher product usage & adoption resulting in growth of business due to improved customer retention, renewal, up/cross sell metrics. 
Focus Area 
Selection of customers to participate in the CS program together with sales leaders. 
Drive internal initiatives that are aiming to improve the overall Customer Experience by ensuring customers benefiting from the full potential of SUSE products and services. 
Continue to develop and evolve the Customer Success Program to cover the customer journey with SUSE through all phases (onboarding, adoption, expansion and renewal). 
Build Customer Success Playbook. 
Build and implement a scalable coverage model for the CSM function to span from “high volume / low touch” to “strategic accounts / high touch”. 
Select (automate) tools to manage and measure the program and scale it. 
Work cross-functional to achieve the best outcomes for our customers and SUSE. 
Align with Partner Organization to link SUSE’s Customer Success Model with SUSE’s Partner Program. 
Define and implement KPI’s for the program and report progress to the SUSE Leadership team on a regular basis as agreed. 
About You 
The ideal candidate will be an excellent leader and a well-rounded general manager. 
The scope of the role is international as customers, team members and key stakeholders will be located NA & LATAM. Close collaboration with the EMEA & APJ Customer Success leader is essential. As a result, a global and international perspective is critical, as is the ability to manage employees and influence/collaborate with colleagues across functions in a global setting with a wide mix of time-zones and cultures. 
Significant experience with global / strategic customers as this is a key focus area of the Customer Success team. 
Ability to influence in a matrix organization enabling a cross-functional collaborative working environment. 
The leader will role model the SUSE leadership expectations, including integrity and openness (ownership and accountability, respectful and open communication), humility and result driven with high standards, disciplined execution, continuous learning and adaptation. 
He/she will have a strong and analytic intellect, with the ability to develop and implement a strategy to improve customer retention, expansion, revenue, and life cycle span step-by-step. 
Ability to build relationships with peers across the matrix and influence others effectively, taking the wider business on the customer centricity transformation and growth journey. 
A focus on execution and delivering results. The successful candidate can demonstrate the success of the Customer Success program based on according KPIs. 
Commercial acumen – ability to provide leadership, content, and drive results in Enterprise scale business. 
Strong leadership skills – for collaboration and communication across all levels and both internal and external customers as well as people management. 
Empathy and listening skills. 
Flexibility and agility. 
Knowledge of IT technology and an understanding of Open Source market and solutions. 
Proven track record of achieving objectives and goals. 
SUSE  is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status. 
Job: 
Sales 
SUSE , the world’s largest independent open source software company, powers digital transformation with true open source technologies for the enterprise that simplify, modernize and accelerate traditional, cloud and edge solutions. SUSE collaborates with partners, communities and customers to deliver and support solutions that enable mission-critical business outcomes. SUSE’s container and cloud platforms, software-defined infrastructure, and artificial intelligence and edge computing solutions allow customers to create, deploy and manage workloads anywhere – on premises, hybrid and multi-cloud. For more information, visit  www.suse.com . Suse 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Customer Service jobs in Texas Jobs at SUSE in Texas Director of Customer Service salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from SUSE SUSE 23 reviews SUSE, the world’s largest independent open source company, provides unparalleled customer choice and powers digital transformation for th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
