
 
 
 
 Sr. Manager, Information Development - Cranberry Township, PA 16066 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manager, Information Development Omnicell 149 reviews Cranberry Township, PA 16066 Omnicell 149 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Do you want to make a meaningful difference in the quality of healthcare? Omnicell is empowering health systems and pharmacies to radically transform the way they manage medications, so they can achieve the vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy. Thousands of hospitals, pharmacies, skilled nursing facilities and care homes trust Omnicell to provide continuous innovation. They need us to deliver solutions to meet the ever-evolving challenges of the healthcare landscape. We encourage creative problem solving and outside-the-box thinking that only a diverse, well-rounded workforce can bring. 
 
Join us as we build on our powerful combination of advanced automation, predictive intelligence, and expert services to create a safer future for patients—one where medication errors are a thing of the past. You’ll be joining an organization whose culture encourages individual development, rewards intellectual curiosity, and embraces an inclusive environment. Join our growing company and help shape the future at Omnicell! 
 
 Senior Manager, Technical Writing and Communications / Information Development 
 
As Omnicell strives to position itself as a premier digital healthcare company, the Senior Manager, Technical Writing and Communications/Information Development will play a leadership role in support of those efforts by establishing a comprehensive, company-wide vision for the Information Development department. This position will be required to deeply investigate and understand current processes used in the creation and delivery of information to our stakeholders, challenge the status quo and chart a new course for information development and delivery for the future. This position will directly oversee a national team of writers and managers operating out of our offices across the United States and will provide guidance and oversight for Information Development efforts at our off-shore subsidiaries. As a senior manager within our department, this position will engage, inspire, and continuously work to leverage our employees’ performance strengths while also constructively working on areas for improvement. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Provide expertise that informs Omnicell’s Information Development department about modern strategies and methods for creating and delivering technical communications to the appropriate consumers of that information. 
 Understand information development practices underway across Omnicell’s operating offices. 
 Develop a forward-looking department vision that supports Omnicell’s positioning as a premier digital healthcare company with consideration for how information development and delivery intersects with User Experience (UX) and User Assistance (UA), brand language, help systems, training efforts, etc. 
 Determine opportunities for current process harmonization, improvement and elimination. 
 Socialize, refine and communicate changes to Information Development processes and output to key leaders across the company. 
 Lead the full department through the change management processes required to achieve a new strategy for the team. 
 Provide managers with strategies for measuring team member capacity and workload planning. 
 Provide coaching and guidance to mangers in the area of team building, team health, practice harmonization, etc. 
 
 Required Knowledge and Skills 
 
 Understanding of the potential impact of Artificial Intelligence on the future of technical communications. 
 Strong comfort level and understanding of the current technology landscape with both consumer technologies and business support systems with an eye toward the future of information development over the next 3+ years. 
 Intimate knowledge and understanding of modern human-machine interfaces. 
 Passion for the future of technical communications and information delivery. 
 Deep comfort level with Agile Development processes and tools, and ability to coach teams through enhanced engagement with these processes. 
 Deep comfort working with Software and Hardware Engineering teams. 
 Experience working with Senior Managers and Executives across the company. 
 Ability to influence and persuade others. 
 Strongly demonstrated written and verbal communication and presentation skills. 
 Knowledge of Information Mapping concepts and structured authoring (e.g., DITA). 
 
 Basic Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor’s degree. 
 Seven plus (7+) years in information development, technical writing or related discipline. 
 High level of proficiency with Microsoft Office, particularly Excel, PowerPoint, and Word. 
 Familiarity with common publication tools such as Adobe Acrobat (Pro), FrameMaker, and Photoshop. 
 
 Preferred Knowledge and Skills 
 
 Master’s Degree 
 Experience in supervising or managing diverse teams 
 
 Work Conditions 
 
 Office Environment 
 Position requires 10-25% travel (self-managed) 
 
 Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. 
 
Omnicell will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. Omnicell 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Information Manager jobs in Cranberry Township, PA Jobs at Omnicell in Cranberry Township, PA Information Manager salaries in Cranberry Township, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Omnicell Omnicell 149 reviews Omnicell, Inc. is a leading provider of solutions targeting patient safety and operational efficiency in healthcare facilities. From the ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
