
 
 
 
 Performance Analysis Engineer - Phoenix, AZ 85018 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Performance Analysis Engineer Intel 5,455 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85018 Intel 5,455 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
This position is for a Performance Measurement and Analysis role within Network Platforms Groups (NPG) Architecture and System engineering team. We are looking for a Performance Engineer to define and lead execution of performance tests, conducts deep dive performance analysis results on x86 and non-x86 architectures for communications, infrastructure and Network Function Virtualization (NFV) market segments. Candidate will also be responsible for developing performance analysis tools and methodologies required for analysis. As part of the team, candidate will be working with architects and application engineering teams to analyze and interpret results. Candidate will closely be collaborating with Engineering and marketing for positioning current and future products. You will also be publishing internal and external performance reports and papers. The role is required to be executed in the lab in Chandler, Arizona. 
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Highly motivated individual willing to work under pressure and deliver high quality results on time 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Strong quantitative and analytical skills 
Problem solving skills 
Effective prioritization and time management skills 
Stakeholder management, strong collaboration, tolerance for ambiguity, and critical thinking 
Excellent teamwork ethics 
Willing to work in an agile work environment with a fast-paced task flow 
Qualifications 
Candidate must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly. 
Minimum Qualifications 
Candidate must have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field. 
Minimum 1+ years of experience or equivalent coursework in the following areas: 
Intel® Xeon® Microarchitecture and Server system architecture. 
Peripheral Component Interconnect Express (PCIe) architecture, Network Interface Cards/Controllers (NICs), and Virtualization 
Performance analysis tools like Linux perf, VTune, and PCIe analyzer 
Linux, OS, C, or C++ python programming language 
Performance debugging and analysis on Intel Architecture 
Exposure to Computer Networking 
Exposure to x86 and non-x86 
Preferred Qualifications:
 Minimum 1+ years of experience or equivalent coursework in the following areas: 
Building a complete system from commercial off the shelf Commercial Off-The-Shelf (COTS) components motherboard processor DRAM HDD SSD, etc. 
Track record on publishing papers and technical reports 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Performance Engineer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Intel in Phoenix, AZ Performance Engineer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,455 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
