
 
 
 
 Senior Developer Technology Engineer - AI - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Developer Technology Engineer - AI NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is looking for a passionate, world-class computer scientist to work in its Compute Developer Technology (Devtech) team as an AI Developer Technology Engineer.
 Artificial intelligence, the dream of computer scientists for over half a century, is no longer science fiction. And in the next few years, it will transform every industry. Soon, self-driving cars will reduce congestion and improve road safety. AI travel agents will know your preferences and arrange every detail of your family vacation. And medical instruments will read and understand patient DNA to detect and treat early signs of cancer. Where engines made us stronger and powered the first industrial revolution, AI will make us smarter and power the next. What will make this intelligent industrial revolution possible? A new computing model — GPU deep learning — that enables computers to learn from data and write software that is too complex for people to code.
 What you will be doing:
 Study and develop cutting-edge techniques in deep learning, graphs, machine learning, and data analytics, and perform in-depth analysis and optimization to ensure the best possible performance on current- and next-generation GPU architectures.
 Work directly with key customers to understand the current and future problems they are solving and provide the best AI solutions using GPUs.
 Collaborate closely with the architecture, research, libraries, tools, and system software teams at NVIDIA to influence the design of next-generation architectures, software platforms, and programming models.
 What we need to see:
 A Masters Degree or PhD in an engineering or computer science related discipline (or equivalent experience)
 3+ years of relevant work or research experience.
 Strong knowledge of C/C++, software design, programming techniques, and AI algorithms.
 Firsthand work experience with parallel programming, ideally CUDA C/C++.
 Strong communication and organization skills, with a logical approach to problem solving, good time management, and task prioritization skills.
 Some travel is required for conferences and for on-site visits with developers.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. Are you a creative and autonomous computer scientist with a genuine passion for parallel computing? If so, we want to hear from you. Come, join our AI Compute DevTech team and help build the real-time, cost-effective computing platform driving our success in this exciting and quickly growing field. 
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Developer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Senior Developer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
