
 
 
 
 Staff Software Engineer, Engineering Productivity, Search Ads - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Software Engineer, Engineering Productivity, Search Ads Google 3,890 reviews Mountain View, CA Google 3,890 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following:  Mountain View, CA, USA; Irvine, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 10 years of software development experience, or 8 years with an advanced degree. 
 Experience with software development using Java, C/C++, Objective C, Python, Javascript, or Go. 
 Experience building infrastructures, frameworks, and tools to improve developer experience and speed up development, testing and release. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master’s or PhD degree in Engineering, Computer Science, other technical related field. 
 15 years of professional software development experience. 
 Experience collaborating cross-functionally to build systems, create processes, and facilitate development efforts that enable other engineers to be more productive. 
 Experience as an active participant in technical/developer communities, open source projects, or similar developer group and presenting/speaking at technology conferences/hackathons/webinars. 
 Experience with building developer productivity and developer productivity tools. 
 Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels, and to deal with ambiguity and thrive in a rapidly changing environment 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions. 
 
Our team mission is to build solutions for improving the developer experience for Google Ads and Google, through close partnerships with the product teams and tight collaboration with Core Workflow teams. We are constantly seeking innovation in the tooling and measurement space by thinking big with a pragmatic approach that delivers long term value to the company. 
Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. 
Responsibilities 
 Gather and analyze requirements at scale (100s of teams). 
 Focus on the end-user value and experience.
 Analyze large amount of data and conduct experiments.
 Author algorithms and ML models to extract intelligence.
 Architect a platform for gathering large amount of heterogeneous data. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Staff Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,890 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
