
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Glenview, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist North American Corporation 28 reviews Glenview, IL North American Corporation 28 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Envoy Solutions is a diversified distribution company for janitorial supply, packaging solutions, foodservice disposables and specialty products. Based in Glenview, Ill., Envoy Solutions is the parent company of North American Corporation, WAXIE Sanitary Supply, Southeastern Paper Group and NVISION. Operating as the nation's premier specialty distribution platform, Envoy Solutions works to make buildings cleaner, people safer and operations more productive, every day. 
 
Position Overview 
 
We are currently searching for a Data Scientist with a superior skillset in the areas of big-data analytics, algorithm development, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. This key position will support the Commercials division with both predictive and prescriptive analytics in the areas of procurement, sales, and consumer behavior. The role will rely on effective collaboration with IT, FP&A, Procurement and Sales teams. We organize business information into four layers: semantic, data, intelligence and visual. The primary responsibility of this position is to develop and maintain the intelligence layer of business information, that being the data science artifacts, algorithms, and analytical processes used to develop insights and recommended actions. Additionally, this position will focus on standardizing and blending data from disparate sources and across multiple business units in support of merger and acquisition activities.
 Responsibilities Include:
 Develop and maintain the intelligence layer of business information and analytical processes with fastidious documentation of standard operating procedures.
 Develop a strong familiarity with the technology architectures used by the Integrated Data Warehouse, up and downstream information systems, and future optimization platforms.
 Apply the foundational schemas of information science as defined by the Director of Business Analytics to develop standard protocols for big-data analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence.
 Support the Business Analytics team with creating and configuring algorithms and data science artifacts to increase the speed, accuracy, and efficacy of known working models.
 Engineer experimental models based on business hypotheses and standard practices. Bring to production those key prescriptive analytic recommendations which prove to have value for the organization.
 Develop recursive models using machine learning and artificial intelligence methodologies to retool and enhance predictive and prescriptive analytical models.
 Apply data storytelling methodologies to articulate findings and recommendations to various audiences in visually appealing and easily consumable presentations.
 Perform inferential deep-dive analysis on items of interest or curiosity that appear during daily activities and present findings of note to the Director of Business Analytics.
 Complete data standardization and categorization tasks in support of merger and acquisition activity.
 Fulfilling ad-hoc report requests and as-needed support for systems and tools, e.g. CRM, ERP, BI.
 The ideal candidate will have:
 5 - 7 years of experience in data science, machine learning and artificial intelligence methodologies.
 5 - 7 years of business analytics experience.
 Advanced proficiency in data science programming languages, e.g. Python, R, Matlab.
 Master’s Degree or higher in Data Science or related field.
 Microsoft applications experience with reporting tool experience.
 Strong communication skills across all levels of organization. 
 This position offers a competitive starting salary and comprehensive benefits program. 
 
Envoy Solutions (and its subsidiaries) is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This means that we consider all applicants for employment and employees eligible for employment without regard to race, marital status or civil union status, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation and/or any other characteristic protected by law. We also provide reasonable accommodations to our applicants and employees with disabilities in order to assist them in the performance of their essential job functions. North American Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Glenview, IL Jobs at North American Corporation in Glenview, IL Data Scientist salaries in Glenview, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from North American Corporation North American Corporation 28 reviews Headquartered in Glenview, IL (just 20 miles north of Chicago, walking distance from the metra train stop).

North American Corporation... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
