
 
 
 
 Coordinator - Career and Technology Education - Anne Arundel County, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Coordinator - Career and Technology Education Anne Arundel County Public Schools 292 reviews Anne Arundel County, MD Anne Arundel County Public Schools 292 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Is this position exempt from overtime pay? 
 
Yes 
 
 Provides leadership and visionary expertise to the Career and Technical Education program. Develops curriculum, instructional practices, assessments, and professional learning that infuses rigorous standards and practices into every grades/course level experience. Collaborates with colleagues to coordinate, supervise, and plan the implementation and evaluation of the entire program. Aligns academic and strategic initiatives to all AACPS systemic goals. Develops and manages grants to support instruction. Collaborates with other offices to expand Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Virtual Reality (VR) experience for students while championing High Demand/High Wage career opportunities for all. 
 
 Essential Duties & Responsibilities 
 
Does this position have supervisory responsibilities? 
 
Yes 
 
 1. Plans, develops, and implements the content area's multi-year strategic plan aligned with the district's vision. 
 
2. Facilitates professional development to improve the content knowledge and pedagogy for school-based and central office staff. 
 
3. Collaborates with school administration to conduct classroom observations and provides methods on collaborative work with classroom teachers and enhancing and integrating curricular units and lessons with engaging resources. 
 
4. Supports school-based staff in creating student-centered environments that encourage learning, promote inquiry, and integrate effective uses of technology. 
 
5. Develops and adapts program and course materials creating a rigorous and coherent system of curriculum and assessments. Facilitates the creation of e-curriculum resources shaped through the lens of diversity, equity and inclusion. 
 
6. Collaborates to develop procedures for the evaluation, selection, acquisition, and distribution of high-quality instructional materials. 
 
7. Seeks grant funding opportunities and applies for grants; serves as grant manager to monitor grant funds and services; builds inventories, programs, and opportunities for all students in assigned content area. 
 
8. Supervises staff, screens applicants for school-based content area leadership and instruction and collaborates on staffing decisions with school-based administration. 
 
9. Prepares reports, analyzes budget requests, prepares documentation for state and federal program approval and funding, and maintains files, records, and/or expenditure controls. 
 
10. Interprets program, curricular policy and methods to interested parties including partners, school system personnel, and civic associations. Assists in developing evening and summer course material, partners with the Maryland State Department of Education and other educational offices/agencies both within and outside the school system. Serves on and leads state, school-based, and system-based committees and councils regarding initiatives and programs. 
 
11. Performs other duties as assigned. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.
 
 The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made on request to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions . 
 
 Education 
 
 Master’s degree in applicable field of education from a regionally accredited college or university. 
 
 Experience 
 
 Five (5) years of successful teaching experience. 
 
 Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 
 Knowledge of current trends, research and materials in curriculum innovation and design with special emphasis on teaching techniques and supervision in content area. 
 Knowledge of school organization, administration, and supervision. 
 Demonstrated ability to analyze data, establish priorities, develop key strategies, monitor progress, and align the work and performance goals of others to district and division outcomes. 
 Ability to develop curriculum documents, instructional strategies, assessments, and lead curriculum writing teams through the design process. 
 Ability to plan and delivery professional development in a variety of formats that are most appropriate to the adult learner. 
 Excellent written and oral communication, interpersonal skills, human relations skills, and the ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. 
 Demonstrated expertise in organizational and systemic planning. 
 Demonstrated leadership and management skills with the ability to supervise the work of others. 
 Ability to employ a variety of teaching styles to respond to the needs of diverse learners. 
 Ability to effectively communicate with diverse communities and develop outreach strategies to encourage parental involvement in student learning. 
 Demonstrate ability to effectively work and communicate with diverse populations. 
 Demonstrated proficiency with business technology applications (e.g. Video/Web Conferencing, Microsoft Office Suite -Word, Excel, Outlook, and/or PowerPoint preferred). 
 
 Licenses/Certifications 
 
 Hold or eligible for a Maryland State Department of Education (MSDE) Advanced Professional Certificate (APC). 
 Holds or be eligible for Administrator I certification in accordance with MSDE. 
 Possesses a valid Motor Vehicle Operator’s license and have daily access to reliable transportation. 
 
 Career Ladder Requirements 
 
 N/A 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 
 As required by the duties and responsibilities of the job. 
 
 
   VR20132 
 
 
 Established:   5/1/2013 
 
#LI-JH1 
 CB Anne Arundel County Public Schools 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Education Coordinator jobs in Anne Arundel County, MD Education Coordinator salaries in Anne Arundel County, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Anne Arundel County Public Schools Anne Arundel County Public Schools 292 reviews Anne Arundel County Public Schools, the 5th largest system in Maryland, provides a challenging and rewarding educational experience for e... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
