
 
 
 
 PwC Digital Products - Front End Developer - Exp. Associate - Tampa, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PwC Digital Products - Front End Developer - Exp. Associate PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS 8,027 reviews Tampa, FL PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS 8,027 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. A career in Products and Technology would provide you the opportunity to be part of an organization that is building a leading tech experience that solves big challenges for our firm and our clients. Our products and tech-driven solutions are how we move faster, cut through complexity and fuel growth. We start with the problem and solve it with experience and tech know-how. Our skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists are passionate about using technology to accelerate change. Our external facing team is responsible for the design and development of our technology products and accelerators. They are involved in all aspects of the product build and streamline processes to improve products leveraging state-of-the art technology for our clients. 
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future. 
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to: 
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner. 
Share and collaborate effectively with others. 
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise. 
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly. 
Follow risk management and compliance procedures. 
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism. 
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce. 
Build and maintain an internal and external network. 
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms. 
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct. 
Opportunity to work on proprietary software solutions developed by PwC Digital that delivers to Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) companies an integrated platform for Trade Promotion Management and Revenue Growth Management Analytic capabilities, backed by 25+ years of experience. Work in a collaborative startup-like environment to solve a wide breadth of complex data & analytics problems. Work with Fortune 500 companies and build groundbreaking products for the fast-moving consumer goods industry. 
Job Requirements and Preferences : 
 
 Basic Qualifications : 
 
 Minimum Degree Required : 
Bachelor Degree 
 
 Additional Educational Requirements : 
In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations. 
Minimum Years of Experience : 
1 year(s) 
 
 Preferred Qualifications : 
 
 Degree Preferred : 
Master Degree 
 
 Preferred Fields of Study : 
Computer and Information Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Systems Analysis, Analytics, Data Processing/Analytics/Science, Business Analytics, Mathematics, Management Information Systems, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics 
 
 Preferred Knowledge/Skills : 
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas: 
Understanding of modern web application development (e.g. AngularJS, NodeJS, Python, CSS3, Boostrap); 
Demonstrating experience with markup scripts, HTML, CSS, and others; 
Understanding of Javascript (JS), Typescript, Angular.js, Node.js; and development frameworks including Angular and React; 
Leveraging RESTful API; 
Tracking security risks and mitigate and escalate them in a timely manner; 
Understanding the maintenance characteristics, runtime properties, and dependencies of your team’s software; 
Documenting your software to establish that future generations of developers understand the intention behind the features and components you build; 
Troubleshooting and researching the root cause of problems, and thoroughly resolving defects; 
Developing unique user experiences through web, mobile, and other application experiences; 
Developing features to enhance user experience; 
Being involved in the scrum and sprint cycles; 
Leveraging mechanisms that establish code is re-usable; 
Optimizing development for maximum speed and scalability; 
Maintaining brand consistency throughout design;
 Contributing to the development of your own technical acumen and participate in engineering excellence professional programs and contribute research to professional standards and developer tool program; 
Developing strategies to solve complex technical challenges with team; 
Participating in code reviews; and, 
Developing documentation for products and technologies. 
 
 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. 
For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryassociate. PwC 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Tampa, FL Jobs at PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS in Tampa, FL Front End Developer salaries in Tampa, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS PRICE WATERHOUSE COOPERS 8,027 reviews Together we can create change. Together we can make an impact. And the only way we can tackle the challenges of a fast-changing world is ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
