
 
 
 
 Entry-Level Software Engineer - San Jose, CA 95134 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Entry-Level Software Engineer General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews San Jose, CA 95134 Remote General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in software engineering or a related technical field, or equivalent experience is required. Agile experience preferred. 
Candidates must be able to obtain a U.S. Department of Defense TS/SCI security clearance within a reasonable amount of time from date of hire. Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required. 
Successful completion of a background check and drug screen is required. 
 
Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Imagine building your career by developing the solutions that support the mission of our nation’s service members, intelligence analysts and first responders. That’s the challenge that’s waiting for you at General Dynamics Mission Systems. Here you have the opportunity to redefine innovation and excellence for the world. Are you ready? Then make a career move that makes an impact at General Dynamics Mission Systems.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between. 
 
Working successfully within a team, the Entry-Level Software Engineer will assist project leaders in our San Jose, CA location in the research, design, development and testing of software and tools, to include development of new work products or enhancing existing applications, systems or embedded products. This may include coding, testing and documenting software solutions to advance our technology solutions. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor’s degree in software engineering or a related technical field, or equivalent experience is required; Agile experience preferred 
Clear understanding of software engineering concepts, principles, and theories 
Clear understanding of the software development process 
What sets you apart: 
Ability to interact effectively with project teams, managers and end users 
Ability to grasp and apply new information quickly and handle increasing responsibilities with growing complexity 
Team player who thrives in collaborative environments and revels in team success 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Software Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in San Jose, CA Entry Level Software Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 417 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
