
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - All Levels - Annapolis Junction, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist - All Levels OPS Consulting, LLC 3 reviews Annapolis Junction, MD OPS Consulting, LLC 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Data Scientist (All Levels) 
 Annapolis Junction, MD 
 
 Security Clearance: 
 A current government clearance, background investigation, and polygraph are required. 
 Description: 
OPS Consulting is seeking qualified candidates to devise strategies for extracting meaning and value from large datasets. Make and communicate principled conclusions from data using elements of mathematics, statistics, computer science, and application-specific knowledge. Through analytic modeling, statistical analysis, programming, and/or another appropriate scientific method, develop and implement qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing, exploring, and assessing large datasets in various states of organization, cleanliness, and structure that account for the unique features and limitations. Translate practical mission needs and analytic questions related to large datasets into technical requirements and, conversely, assist others with drawing appropriate conclusions from the analysis of such data. Effectively communicate complex technical information to non-technical audiences. Make informed recommendations regarding competing technical solutions by maintaining awareness of the constantly-shifting NSA/CSS collection, processing, storage and analytic capabilities and limitations. 
 
 Requirements: 
 A Bachelors Degree in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science 
 3, 10 or 15 years of relevant experience 
 Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data science, advanced analytical algorithms, programming (skill in at least one high-level language ( e.g. Python) and skill in at least one mid-level language (e.g. C)), data mining, advanced statistical analysis (e.g. statistical foundations of machine learning, statistical approaches to missing data, time series), advanced mathematical foundations (e.g. numerical methods, graph theory), artificial intelligence, workflow and reproducibility, data management and curation, data modeling and assessment (e.g. model selection, evaluation, and sensitivity analysis), experience as a data scientist working to support single or multiple domain areas, ability to quickly acquire needed expertise on a new application in a new domain area, and/or software engineering. Experience in several areas is strongly preferred. OPS Consulting, LLC 9 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Annapolis Junction, MD Jobs at OPS Consulting in Annapolis Junction, MD Data Scientist salaries in Annapolis Junction, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from OPS Consulting, LLC 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
