
 
 
 
 Full Stack Developer - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Developer Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Temporarily remote Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Businesses  Raytheon Intelligence & Space 
 Clearance type  None / Not Required 
 Relocation eligible  Yes 
 Ability to Telecommute  Temporary telecommuting - during COVID-19 
 Job ID  174033BR 
 Most Recent Date Posted  06/17/2021 
 City  Cambridge 
 State  MA 
 Country  United States 
 Come join our team to develop the tools for the technology-augmented warfighter of the future! Front-line operators in the military, law enforcement, search and rescue teams, and other areas increasingly rely on cutting-edge technologies to give them an edge in terms of planning, decision-making, and communication. We are looking for people to join us in developing Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology(DLT)-based communication systems with smart contracts, advanced mission modeling, tactical battlefield situational awareness applications, and cybersecurity technologies. As part of our team, you will be developing initial prototype technologies and transitioning these technologies to operational use. 
 
What you will do: 
Work with a small team on cutting-edge research and development projects 
Design and develop prototype software using the latest open-source technologies 
Receive and incorporate feedback from end users, field tests, and exercises 
Explore technical possibilities collaboratively with motivated, world class colleagues 
Deliver practical solutions to complex problems 
What you need: 
Bachelors in Computer Science/Computer Engineering/Software Engineering and 2+ years of direct experience or M.S. in one of these fields 
Strong programming skills, particular in Java or Python 
Passion for software engineering practices 
Creative problem solving and ability to build rapid prototypes 
Excellent communication skills 
Position may require some amount of overnight travel 
U.S. person or the ability to obtain an Export Authorization from the appropriate government agency for non-U.S. persons 
Additional Skills that would be AWESOME: 
Experience using Blockchain, Distributed Ledger Technologies, and smart contracts 
Experience with front and back-end package managers such as NPM, Gradle, Maven 
Experience with continuous integration (Jenkins) and modern deployment strategies (e.g., Docker) 
Why Us 
 
BBN Technologies (BBN) is the research company behind many revolutionary advances that we take for granted today. BBN is where email was invented and the first routers were implemented. Today, BBN's scientists and engineers are working to advance the state-of-the-art on topics ranging from machine language translation to quantum cryptography. BBN offers the opportunity to perform exciting and revolutionary research that solves important problems in an exciting, collaborative environment. We are looking for a creative, talented software developer to join our Intelligence Software and Systems group. Work in our group focuses on designing, developing, and deploying new advances in cyber security, artificial intelligence, virtual technologies and distributed computing to solve challenges problems across a variety of application domains. 
 
Raytheon BBN is proud to offer a comprehensive total compensation package including a competitive 401k company match, a Retirement Contribution plan, performance based incentive, and competitive benefits package. In addition to protecting your and your family’s health and well-being, we also offer important financial and family friendly benefits to meet your needs. 
 
Our Work/Life benefits include – Paid Parental Leave – Adoption Assistance – Auto and Home Insurance – Child/Elder Back Up Care – College Coach – Retirement Planning Services – Flexible Work Arrangements - Legal Services – LifeResources – Employee Discount Program – Educational Assistance – Transportation Benefits – and Wellness Reward 
 
This position requires either a U.S. Person or a Non-U.S. Person who is eligible to obtain any required Export Authorization 
174033 
 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. Raytheon 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Cambridge, MA Full Stack Developer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 147 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
