
 
 
 
 Power Architect - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Power Architect - New College Grad NVIDIA 238 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 238 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Power Architect – New College Graduate
 NVIDIA is a world leader in providing highly energy efficient products and we continue rapidly growing the research and development of energy-efficient GPU and SOC architectures. We are continually innovating in creative and unrivaled ways to improve our ability to deliver exceptional perf/watt solutions in a wide range of sectors. Come join NVIDIAs Applied Power Architecture team to develop state of the art GPUs to power AI, Automotive, GeForce, and Mobile products.
 What you'll be doing:
 You will be working on architecting GPU power features and system level power management solutions for NVIDIA products. You will collaborate closely with other Architects, Software Engineers, ASIC Design Engineers, and Product teams to study, devise and implement the power management strategy for NVIDIA's GPU roadmap. You will research and develop solutions to address complex energy efficiency problems for various GPU use-cases such as: Deep Learning training, ADAS, Gaming, Video Playback, and Idle. You will deploy machine learning techniques to develop highly accurate power and performance models of our GPUs and platforms.
 What we need to see:
 BS, preferably MSEE/MSCE with course work/projects covering digital circuits, computer architecture and VLSI design or equivalent experience.
 Knowledge of performance simulators/monitors and Low Power architectures/techniques a plus.
 Working knowledge of Python, and frameworks/packages like: TensorFlow, Pandas, NumPy, PyTorch a plus.
 Exposure to industry standard tools/flows such as , Design Compiler, PTPX, and Power Artist etc a huge plus.
 Experience with lab setup and measurement using equipment such as scope/DAQ is helpful.
 You display strong interpersonal skills, are organized and self-motivated, and play well with others (a great teammate)
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 A master’s degree/internship with a focus/projects in Low Power Architecture, power modeling, and deep learning.
 Widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers, NVIDIA leads the way in groundbreaking developments in Artificial Intelligence, High-Performance Computing and Visualization. The GPU, our invention, serves as the visual cortex of modern computers and is at the heart of our products and services. Our work opens up entire new verticals to explore, enables amazing creativity and discovery, and powers what were once science fiction - inventions from artificial intelligence to autonomous cars. NVIDIA is looking for great people in multiple disciplines to help us accelerate the next wave of artificial intelligence, in Software, Hardware, Research and more. Are you creative and autonomous? Are you searching for new ways to get the best performance silicon out of the lowest amount of power? If so, we want to hear from you.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Architect salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 238 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
