
 
 
 
 Sr. Data Scientist (Reinforcement Learning) - Ann Arbor, MI 48105 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Data Scientist (Reinforcement Learning) Martin Defense Group Ann Arbor, MI 48105 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Martin Defense Group , a privately-owned defense contractor, is seeking an experienced  Sr. Data Scientist  with specific reenforcement learning experience. The incumbent will join a group of talented Engineers, Scientists, and Innovators with tremendous top-side potential devoted to solving novel technological problems with national defense implications in the fields of Cybersecurity, Autonomy, and Naval Architecture among others. This position will be located in  any of our office  locations with a strong preference given to those interested in working in our  Portland, ME  or  Ann Arbor, MI  groups. If you this opportunity is aligned with your career interests, do not hesitate to apply or contact us for more information! 
Responsibilities:
 
Responsibilities 
The ideal candidate will function as the point person on deep learning matters related to goal-driven decision making. They will develop novel decision modeling solutions to aide the deployment of autonomous and artificial intelligence (AI) projects company-wide. In addition to functioning as the internal subject matter expert for deep learning/reinforcement learning, the qualified candidate will also work with existing Data Science staff to improve, access, and test existing existing programs to ensure we are delivering an optimal system solution. 
Essential Functions: 
Lead full research and development life cycle: problem identification, requirements definition, new theory development, analysis, experimentation, and production. 
Engineering of autonomous perception and control systems, modeling & simulation for performance evaluation, and software development for high level autonomy. 
Provide technical supervision to engineering teams, as needed. 
Communicate results to stakeholders in the Department of Defense. 
Support development of new business opportunities: gap analysis, client relations, proposal writing support. 
Qualifications:
 
Candidate should be able to thrive in a research environment – identify technical gaps in the state-of-the-art and translate client needs into system or research requirements, manage a project from conceptualization through proof-of-concept, and clearly communicate results to stake holders. Periodic travel may be necessary for project management. 
Education and Training: 
Master’s Degree with 5+ years of experience or PhD in Robotics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field, from an accredited college or university. 
Qualifications 
Position Requirements: 
Highly motivated, self-starter who can take new ideas and execute solutions in an independent environment. 
Strong record of managing robotics and machine learning projects for clients in the defense or automotive industries may be considered in lieu of a PhD. 
Experience with US Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and/or Air Force a plus. 
US Citizenship required. Martin Defense Group 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Ann Arbor, MI Jobs at Martin Defense Group in Ann Arbor, MI Senior Data Scientist salaries in Ann Arbor, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Martin Defense Group Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
