
 
 
 
 Practicing Radiologist with Artificial Intelligence Research Program - Jacksonville, FL 32099 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Practicing Radiologist with Artificial Intelligence Research Program Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32099 Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Jacksonville 
State 
Florida 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Radiology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
You are invited to partner with the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report 2020-2021), ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. Practicing at Mayo Clinic provides a rewarding career that promotes excellence in patient-centered care. You can thrive in an environment that supports innovation and has a wealth of resources available to you - including an integrated EMR and collaboration with top specialists - to give your patients the quality of care you want to achieve. 
Position description 
Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL is seeking a Clinical Radiologist with demonstrated knowledge in artificial intelligence to join our subspecialty practice. The ideal candidate will have experience and a publication and funding record in supervised and unsupervised machine learning, artificial intelligence approach to data analysis and discovery (such as convoluted neural networks), quantitative image analysis, natural language processing or clinical radiology informatics. The candidate would join a larger collection of data scientists located throughout Mayo Clinic's three-site research enterprise. Non-clinical work would include the development, validation and clinical implementation of tools to provide decision support and automation for the Radiology practice.
 This position will require the candidate to be practicing clinical radiology approximately 50% of the time in our subspecialty group. All clinical subspecialties will be considered. Mayo Clinic Florida radiology staff includes more than 60 subspecialty radiologists that are strongly supported by physicists and research scientists. Across all of Mayo Clinic the Department of Radiology includes over 300 radiologists. Patients are seen from all 50 states and over 100 countries on an annual basis. Approximately 80% of all patients at Mayo Clinic require Radiology care, with more than 2 million exams performed per year across all sites. The ideal candidate should be able to leverage the magnitude of imaging and clinical data available at Mayo Clinic to further our established efforts to leverage cutting-edge technology with the intent to optimize patient care and increase our practice efficiency. 
Extensive opportunities to teach, interact with trainees and mentor are available at Mayo Clinic Florida, with 6 fellowship positions available each year and over 25 trainees in the diagnostic and interventional residency programs. Numerous research opportunities are present. Close working relationships with clinical colleagues in our integrated practice environment allows translation of research into clinical practice and validation of tools in the clinical environment. Mayo Clinic leverages modern technology with incredible resources available to innovators, including a high performance computing environment, cutting edge GPU accelerated processing infrastructure and a comprehensive Unified Data Platform that aggregates nearly all current EHR data in real-time and allows for access to comprehensive historical medical record data. Mayo Clinic's Department of Health Sciences Research has extensive data science resources with both faculty and technical support staff available to help support this position. 
Our multi-site practice includes world experts in the development and clinical implementation of quantitative imaging tools and AI technology, with many of these tools integrated into our clinical environment. This position, although located in Florida, is expected to work closely with other informatics and AI experts across all Mayo Clinic sites. Mayo supports numerous partnerships with external vendors and has an established track record of licensing/patenting of intellectual property developed by Mayo inventors.
 License or certification 
Candidates must be board-certified or board-eligible by the American Board of Radiology. Demonstrated experience in informatics in Radiology, project management, and leadership skills are required.
 Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer! 
Category 
Physicians & Scientists 
Career profile 
Physician Radiology 
Specialty 
Radiology 
Job posting number 
120935BR 
Recruiter 
Marissa Anderson 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Radiologist jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL Radiologist salaries in Jacksonville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,283 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
