
 
 
 
 Silicon Photonics LiDAR Leader - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Silicon Photonics LiDAR Leader Intel 5,455 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Intel 5,455 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
We are looking for a strong leader to join our fast paced and dynamic environment who will ensure the execution to both the LiDAR program schedules and the defined budget of a complex technology program. This person will serve as the focal point and interface between our engineering teams and customers. 
 
Intel Silicon Photonics Product Division (SPPD) is at the forefront of silicon photonics integration. Since announcing the world's first hybrid silicon laser nearly a decade ago our team continues to lead the industry with cutting edge technology and high volume manufacturing. 
 
This position reports directly to the SPPD GM. This leader will partner with SPPD Research and Development and Operations to ensure appropriate funding, necessary staffing and to manage organizational priorities, objectives, and execution. Responsibilities also include coordinating all of the various teams involved in this program such as the Photonic Integrated Circuit design, packaging, test, and manufacturing. 
Qualifications 
The successful candidate will be able to showcase the following qualifications: 
Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Photonics or related field. 
10+ years of experience in the optics industry in Research and Development, Operations or Marketing (ideally all three). 
MBA or equivalent business experience. Automotive, LiDAR or coherent experience is a plus. 
Leadership experience driving cross-organizational product development from concept through qualification and high volume ramp. Understanding of the optics industry and automotive industry product life cycles. 
Experience working closely with customers on complex development projects. 
Experience developing and managing budgets in coordination with division, fab and finance organizations. 
Firm understanding of silicon photonics highly complex products, technologies and business strategies. 
Advanced written and verbal communication skills including the ability to simplify complex information into simple, clear messages. 
Strong leadership, business and technical acumen, disciplined process management, proactive problem solving skills, resourcefulness, results-orientation and attention to quality and detail. 
Strong analytical, project management and business partnering/influencing skills. 
Ability to develop relationships with multiple levels of the organization and motivate teams in a matrixed environment 
Reputation and track record for being proactive, having a can do attitude, customer first mindset, ability to flourish in a large corporate environment and achieve consistent results across multiple geographies and cultures. 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Position of Trust 
 
This role is a Position of Trust. Should you accept this position, you must consent to and pass an extended Background Investigation, which includes (subject to country law), extended education, SEC sanctions, and additional criminal and civil checks. For internals, this investigation may or may not be completed prior to starting the position. For additional questions, please contact your Recruiter.... Intel 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,455 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
