
 
 
 
 Senior Campaign Manager - Los Angeles, CA 90048 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Campaign Manager Conde Nast 289 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90048 Conde Nast 289 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description CitizenNet, a social data and marketing platform, which utilizes machine learning and artificial intelligence to put the right content, offer or advertisement in front of the right person at the right time is based in Los Angeles, CA and is led by CEO Dan Benyamin. The CitizenNet team is based in Los Angeles. Condé Nast’s acquisition in February 2017 of CitizenNet deepens Condé Nast’s data science talent and expertise and will be incorporated into Condé Nast’s proprietary data product “Condé Nast Spire,” to expand the audience targeting and data capabilities of Condé Nast beyond the company’s owned and operated properties to social platforms.
 Job Description
  Overview/Purpose
 CitizenNet Campaign Managers at Condé Nast drive the success of social marketing initiatives for the biggest brands in Entertainment, Publishing, CPG, and more. Effectively implement client strategy on social, and create and execute their campaigns. Learn key marketing initiatives with hands-on experience from multiple verticals, and gain from experience of working at Condé Nast, one of the most renowned media companies in the world.
 Primary Responsibilities
 Media Planning, Optimization & Measurement
 Use CitizenNet software and social platforms to plan and implement strategies and audience targeting for clients
 Build campaigns on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest, Snapchat, Twitter, etc. to achieve client goals
 Day-to-day campaign management and performance monitoring with high attention to detail
 Campaign optimization towards client goals
 Creation of reporting dashboards and insights development
 Assume ownership on high priority campaign planning, execution, and analysis projects
 Direct client communication in response to campaign management and performance
 Product
 Provide vital feedback to the CitizenNet product team to drive innovation and efficiency
 Team
 Work in a collaborative environment where insights, recommendations, and ideas are welcome
 Contribute to the growth and success of your team and clientbase through ideation and brainstorming. This can include, but not limited to: troubleshooting, platform research, and maintaining clear communication with your team.
 As a contributor to employee success and culture, participate in new employee onboarding and training
 Desired Skills and Qualifications
 We are looking for candidates who are excited about technology, data analysis, social media, and advertising. Candidates must be motivated to succeed in a fast-paced and growing environment. A willingness to adopt new technologies and trends is extremely important for this position. Our candidates must be proficient in time management with the ability to manage multiple projects at once, balancing various goals and parameters.
 Minimum requirements
 BA/BS degree
 1-2 years experience managing paid social campaigns with campaign budgets exceeding $100K
 Fluency in digital advertising concepts and paid social
 Previous use of social media platforms for marketing and/or advertising
 Exceptional attention to detail and strong organization skills
 Ability to multi-task and manage projects
 Strong communication skills and a dedicated team player
 Excel/Powerpoint/Keynote proficiency
 Experience in live events is a plus
 Experience with SQL, Python and data management platforms a plus
 What happens next?
 If you are interested in this opportunity, please apply below, and we will review your application as soon as possible. You can update your resume or upload a cover letter at any time by accessing your candidate profile.
 Condé Nast is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, age, familial status and other legally protected characteristics. Conde Nast 15 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Campaign Manager jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Conde Nast in Los Angeles, CA Senior Campaign Manager salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Conde Nast Conde Nast 289 reviews At Condé Nast, you will have the opportunity to work with our team of award-winning journalists, editors and designers, industry icons an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
