
 
 
 
 Program Manager / Technical Lead - TS/SCI Required - Tysons, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Manager / Technical Lead - TS/SCI Required Logistics Management Institute 69 reviews Tysons, VA Logistics Management Institute 69 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
LMI is seeking a  Program Manager and Technical Lead  at our headquarters office in Tysons, Virginia. The successful applicant will serve as the Program Manager and digital forensics tool development lead for a Department of Homeland Security program assessing and enhancing the application of emerging document and media exploitation and analytics, behavior science, technology systems, and machine learning/artificial intelligence research and digital forensics tools to provide enhanced capabilities for DHS and partner agency law enforcement organizations. 
 
LMI is a consultancy dedicated to improving the business of government, drawing from deep expertise in advanced analytics, digital services, logistics, and management advisory services. Established as a private, not-for-profit organization in 1961, LMI is a trusted third party to federal civilian and defense agencies, free of commercial and political bias. We operate completely free of political and commercial bias, and we are entirely aligned with the goals of our clients. Our clients value our specialized services in logistics, intelligence, homeland security, health care, and energy and environment markets. We believe government can make a difference, and we seek talented, hardworking people who share that conviction. We offer a generous compensation package with excellent benefits that start the first day of employment. Business casual dress, flex time, and tuition reimbursement are a few of our many work-life benefits available to our employees. 
Responsibilities:
 
The Program Manager and Technical Lead will provide technical and program management support. He/she will provide oversight and direction of software analytics, research, and development; application testing and evaluation; systems engineering; software design and development; human systems engineering, integration, and evaluation; and management support in order to provide operational end users with digital forensics tools. He/she will lead the contractor team in assessing DHS stakeholder agency user requirements and adapt or develop digital forensics tools, as necessary. He/she will prepare long and short-range plans for application selection and systems development and develop processes, procedures, and production methods. 
The Program Manager and Technical Lead will create, manage, and monitor associated support services necessary for programs and projects. He/she will work with Government staff including the contracting officer and contracting officer's representative, to establish and implement program goals and provide key performance metrics to establish a strategic baseline. He/she will create and maintain a detailed work plan to include specific tasks, assignments, task dependencies, milestones, and schedule for all tasks. He/she will maintain awareness of emerging digital forensics capabilities and technologies, and act as a bridge between non-technical management functions and the technical program requirements. 
Qualifications:
 High School Diploma/GED plus 12 yrs. relevant experience, OR Associates Degree in a relevant field plus 10 yrs. relevant experience, OR Bachelor’s Degree in a relevant field plus 8 yrs. relevant experience, OR Master’s Degree in a relevant field plus 6 yrs. relevant experience, OR Doctoral Degree in a relevant field plus 4 yrs. relevant experience. Candidates with degrees in non-relevant fields must have additional experience to qualify. 
TS/SCI clearance 
Progressively higher levels of experience in directing all phases of digital forensics application research and development 
Experience designing, facilitating, and overseeing literature reviews and interviews with national and international stakeholders (including law enforcement, federal Government partners, researchers, and digital forensics practitioners) to identify operational gaps and software requirements of law enforcement organizations 
Experience developing test plans and conducting testing and evaluation of digital imagery analytic tools 
Knowledge of qualitative and quantitative techniques to assess program performance 
Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing 
PMP certification desired Logistics Management Institute 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Lead jobs in Tysons, VA Jobs at Logistics Management Institute in Tysons, VA Technical Lead salaries in Tysons, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Logistics Management Institute Logistics Management Institute 69 reviews LMI is a consultancy dedicated to powering a future-ready, high-performing government, drawing from expertise in digital and analytic sol... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
