
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Mapping and Geospatial ML/AI Services - East Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in profile Sign in Employers / Post Job hamburger Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Mapping and Geospatial ML/AI Services Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,176 reviews East Palo Alto, CA Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design 
 
Interested in building Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions for mapping and geospatial applications?
 
Our team's mission is to make machine learning easy, stronger, and universal across data driven products and businesses. We live in a time wherein mapping, location, and geospatial data has become ubiquitous. Cloud computing has made it easy to gather and process location and geospatial data generated by satellites, mobile devices, and also IoT devices. Our vision is to bring the best ML/AI algorithms to mapping and geospatial data and problems.
 
Building high quality mapping applications requires a unique combination of humans and ML/AI algorithms. We specialize in developing managed ML/AI services such as SageMaker and also Human-in-loop (HIL) ML/AI services such as SageMaker Ground Truth, Amazon Augmented AI for model inference, and Mechanical Turk for crowd intelligence. Our strategy is to bring the best of ML based automation to machine learning engineers and data scientists build mapping, geospatial, and location aware applications.
 
We are seeking a Software Development Engineer for the Mapping and Geospatial ML/AI services team. Strong technical skill and experience with machine learning, computer vision, or robotics is preferred. Experience working with location, mapping, and geospatial data is a plus. In this role, you will help build a new AWS service that is going to be trend setting in the machine learning and AI field related to Mapping and Geospatial data. You will help deliver some of our most strategic technical projects, deliver large scalable systems, design new software systems and have a significant bottom-line impact on our business and competitive position. This position within the AWS AI team presents a unique and rare opportunity to get in on the ground floor within a fast growing business and help shape the technology, product and the business.
 
Our customers are strongly technical and the solutions we build for them are strongly coupled to technical feasibility. If you are ready for the challenge, come and help us design the future.
 
 
 Bachelors in machine learning, computer vision, robotics, or related field 
 Experience or academic background in location, mapping, and geospatial data 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Geospatial Engineer jobs in East Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Amazon Web Services in East Palo Alto, CA Geospatial Engineer salaries in East Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 72,176 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
