
 
 
 
 Commercial Counsel - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content   
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Commercial Counsel Socure New York State Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Founded in 2012, Socure is the leader in digital identity verification technology for Day Zero and beyond. Our predictive analytics platform applies artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques, with trusted online/offline data intelligence from email, phone, address, IP, device, velocity, and the broader internet, to verify identities in real-time. We have more than 400 customers across the financial services, gaming, telecom, and ecommerce industries, including three of the top five banks, seven top 10 issuers, three top MSBs, multiple tier-one payroll providers, the top credit bureau, and over 75 of the largest and most successful fintechs such as Varo Money, Public, Chime, and Stash. We are funded by some of the world's best investors and entrepreneurs including Accel, Scale Venture Partners, Commerce Ventures, Work-Bench, Sorenson, Citi Ventures, Wells Fargo Strategic Capital, Synchrony, MVB Bank, Santander InnoVentures, and Two Sigma Ventures.
 
Our trophy case includes numerous industry awards and accolades, including being named one of Forbes America's Best Startup Employers 2021 as well as the Best New Technology Introduced over the Last 12 months – Data and Data Services at the 2020 American Financial Technology Awards (AFTAs), being ranked #70 on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500™, getting listed as a Gartner Cool Vendor, and winning Finovate's Award for Best Use of AI/ML, to name a few!
 
The only way we can further our mission of becoming the single, trusted source of identity verification and eliminating identity fraud is by building the best team on the planet. This is where you come in!
 
Socure's legal team is expanding. Reporting to the SVP Legal, you will have a chance to help shape the company's legal function, build processes and policies, and interact with sales, finance, product, and development teams. We offer an exciting, fast paced company environment, with a shared mission to eliminate identify fraud and take over the identity verification market.
 
This is a great opportunity for someone who is passionate about their work, enjoys taking ownership of projects and identifying pragmatic solutions.
 
This is a full time position.
 
 What you'll do: 
Advise on a broad range of commercial matters and support our sales teams on deal structure and contract negotiations
 Review, draft, negotiate, and interpret a wide range of technology and commercial contracts including SaaS agreements, NDAs, vendor contracts, and partnership agreements
 Assist our Head of Legal in identifying and advising management on legal issues and risks and offer creative risk mitigation solutions
 Become and expert on company's products and business model and provide our product team with legal guidance in connection with product development
 Prepare and maintain template agreements
 Provide support to the Head of Legal on corporate and general legal matters as needed.
 
 What you'll bring: 
Three to five years of post JD experience negotiating commercial technology agreements for tech companies (SaaS preferred). Fintech and/or data licensing experience is a plus. Law firm training preferred.
 JD from an accredited law school and active Bar membership
 Experience supporting sales teams selling enterprise software/services.
 Ability to independently manage and own multiple projects with varying deadlines; the ability to make decisions under ambiguous circumstance
 Voice your opinion and a drive for continuous improvement
 A focus on closing deals and finding pragmatic solutions to any issue you encounter
 Adapt to change in a fast paced, dynamic environment
 Collaborative partnership and diplomatic communication with multiple constituencies
 You understand the commitment and hard work involved in working at a successful, fast growing start-up.
 
 Perks & Benefits: 
Competitive base salary
 
Equity - every employee is a stakeholder in our upside
 
Medical, dental and vision benefits for employees and their dependents
 
Parental leave and fertility support
 
Flexible PTO
 
401K with company match
 
Stipend to supply your home office
 
Annual professional development stipend
 
 A Message on COVID-19: 
Socure's number one priority is to safeguard the health and well-being of our team members, our families and our communities. During this unprecedented time, we are closely monitoring COVID-19 developments and updating our response plan quarterly. We are regularly soliciting feedback from our employees to help inform our return-to-office strategy. For our team members who loved going into the office, we are looking forward to meeting once again! But until then, we are striving to ensure that Socureans have the resources and support they need to excel from home. This includes a work-from-home stipend so you can build your home office and fun, virtual events so you can continue to feel connected to your coworkers.
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity of all kinds at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Socure 16 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in New York State Jobs at Socure in New York State Counsel salaries in New York State Company Info Follow Get job updates from Socure Digital Identity Verification Provider. Socure offers the power of machine learning and artificial intelligence to fight fraud. Our custo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
