
 
 
 
 Product Manager - Artificial Intelligence Solutions (Remote/Home-Based Worker) - Northbrook, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager - Artificial Intelligence Solutions (Remote/Home-Based Worker) Allstate 8,373 reviews Northbrook, IL Remote Allstate 8,373 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. 
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. 
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. 
Job Summary 
Job Family Summary 
The Underwriting as a Service team is responsible for collaborating with internal and external business partners to ensure the most efficient and effective underwriting capabilities, processes and tools are operating as designed while working towards continual improvement. We are also responsible for process analytics, ad-hoc requests, implementation, analyzing and communicating metrics and technical product management. 
Job Summary 
The Product Manager Lead Consultant is responsible for contributing towards defining, delivering, and managing the lifecycle of one or more products in Allstate’s growing product portfolio. This position will focus on the implementation and oversight of Artificial Intelligence capabilities with a focus on Machine Learning, Predictive Models, Optical Character Recognition, and Robotic Process Automation. The Product Manager Lead Consultant will work to set strategic product vision, product discovery, roadmaps, and backlog to maximize the customer and enterprise value provided by their product. Successful Product Managers help to identify assumptions and validate those assumptions using product discovery techniques. The Product Manager Lead Consultant is responsible for working closely with key stakeholders and partners, ensuring the successful definition and execution of go-to market and communications strategies for their products. 
Key Responsibilities 
Key Responsibilities 
Would you like to support ownership of partner relationships? Are you interested in building positive relationships among teams and team members to ensure partnership on objectives? As Underwriting as a Service Product Manager (Tech)-Lead Cons you will: 
 Research, analyze and interpret data to find opportunities to impact growth and profit Liaise between business unit and systems or other areas of responsibility as required based assigned projects Train / coach team members or peers and actively share expertise with other disciplines Product Management Analyze and support the development / design of new Underwriting plans, programs, processes, and products up to moderate complexity Participate in the formulation of strategies to achieve plan objectives and communicate to leadership to gain alignment Track plan performance Support the team by providing analytics and reporting, which includes generating and formatting reports that other team members need to analyze performance 
Are you searching for a position that participates in development of communication strategies, presenting communications that support strategies, new plans, programs, processes and tools, as well as ensuring project controls are in place throughout the lifecycle of the project, and follows up as necessary? As part of our team you will: 
 Assist in determining where additional resources / expertise may be necessary to successfully complete projects / assignments Forecast short-term and long-term deliverables Provide recommendations for potential next steps/actions for the team Provide expertise on systems or applications as needed by a department / discipline Continually seek opportunities for learning and development Possess advanced working knowledge of policies and procedures in management and underwriting Use understanding of current industry standards / environment to impact decisions and indicate requirements Consult on complex issues within your discipline from an internal perspective 
Job Qualifications 
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities/Experience 
 3-5 years’ experience with design and implementation of Artificial Intelligence and automation capabilities. Knowledgeable of Machine Learning, Predictive Models, Optical Character Recognition, and Robotic Process Automation capabilities Proficient Computer Proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, Word and Analytical Skills Ability to communicate effectively with business partners Advanced knowledge of data sources 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. 
 As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life - including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/ 
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. 
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 30 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Northbrook, IL Jobs at Allstate in Northbrook, IL Product Manager salaries in Northbrook, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,373 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
