
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Associate - McComb Lab - Mechanical Engineering - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Associate - McComb Lab - Mechanical Engineering Carnegie Mellon University 264 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Carnegie Mellon University 264 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In Carnegie Mellon University's Department of Mechanical Engineering (MechE), faculty members, researchers, and students are revolutionizing focus areas in advanced manufacturing, bioengineering, computational engineering, energy and the environment, product design, and robotics. In addition, they are using their expertise in interdisciplinary research centers across the university.
 We are seeking a Postdoctoral Research Associate to join the Chris McComb Lab at Mechanical Engineering. In this role, you will carry out advanced independent and/or directed research to achieve the objectives of the research project. This position will require an in depth knowledge of a specialized field, process, subject area and may involve coordinating and implementing complex research plans, the development of methods of research, testing and data collection, analysis and evaluation, and writing reports which contain descriptive, analytical and evaluative content. You will acquire the professional skills needed to pursue a career path of your choosing. You will conduct research to find opportunities related to the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning in the construction industry. Specifically, these opportunities will be defined with respect to the industry standard methodology of advanced work packaging and such other tasks that are assigned to you.
 The Lab’s research interests include human social systems in design and engineering; machine learning for engineering design; human-AI collaboration and teaming; and STEM education.
 Core responsibilities include:
 Design and conduct computational or human-subjects’ experiments
 Prepare and submit publications for peer-reviewed conferences and journals
 Mentor and supervise undergraduate and graduate students
 You should have strong attention to detail, excellent customer service, a team-oriented approach. Resourcefulness, excellence, and passion are vital qualities within Mechanical Engineering. Inclusion, collaboration and cultural sensitivity are valued proficiencies at CMU. Therefore, we are in search of a team member who is able to optimally interact with a varied population of internal and external partners at a high level of integrity. We are looking for someone who shares our values and who will support the mission of the university through their work.
 Qualifications:
 Doctorate degree required in one of the following areas: industrial engineering, mechanical engineering, and/or engineering design.
 Interface with industry team members and stakeholders
 Assist in planning and executing team meetings, workshops, and other stakeholder engagement activities.
 Requirements:
 Successful Background check
 Are you interested in this opportunity? Please apply!
 Location
 Remote
 Job Function
 Pre/Post-Doctoral Associates & Fellows
 Position Type
 Postdoctoral Associate / Fellow (Fixed Term)
 Full Time/Part time
 Full time
 Pay Basis
 Salary
 More Information:
 Please visit  “  Why Carnegie Mellon  ”  to learn more about becoming part of an institution inspiring innovations that change the world.
 Click here to view a listing of employee benefits
 Carnegie Mellon University is an Equal Opportunity  Employer/Disability/Veteran  .
 Statement of Assurance Carnegie Mellon University 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Remote Jobs at Carnegie Mellon University in Remote Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Carnegie Mellon University Carnegie Mellon University 264 reviews We are a global research university with more than 12,000 students, 92,000 alumni and 5,000 faculty and staff. Carnegie Mellon has been a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
