
 
 
 
 Director of Food Data Science - St. Louis, MO 63132 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Food Data Science Benson Hill 2 reviews St. Louis, MO 63132 Benson Hill 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About Benson Hill 
Benson Hill empowers innovators to develop more healthy, tasty and sustainable food by unlocking the natural genetic diversity of plants. Benson Hill's CropOS™ platform combines machine learning and big data with advanced breeding techniques and plant biology to drastically accelerate and simplify the product development process. The CropOS platform allows for more efficient product discovery and development for companies making genetic improvements to Crops impacting the food supply chain. Benson Hill brings a unique and holistic approach to our product and platform development, as we span a broader workflow involving trait and seed development, genome editing, and breeding all the way to creating better ingredients and varieties that tap a strong consumer demand for more flavorful and nutritious fruits and vegetables. More information can be found online at www.bensonhill.com. Follow us on Twitter at @BensonHillInc. 
 
Our Purpose and Core Values
 Our Core Values are a set of common principles we share that are fundamental to our company's identity. 
 
 Be Bold!  We redefine boundaries by providing new solutions to difficult problems. Together we are driven to transform the future and will not allow the fear of failure to prevent us from innovating. We voice our opinions, embrace change, and challenge each other to think creatively. 
 Be Inspired!  We have purpose in our work-we are curious, engaged, and have fun. We maintain an active learning mindset and are motivated by diverse people and thoughts. We are energized by all innovators and together we aim to make an impact and contribute to building a better world. 
 Be Real!  We understand who we are, what we want to achieve, and what it takes to get there. We hold each other accountable through timely, candid, and well-intentioned feedback. Together we engage in honest communication and healthy debate that leads to success through true alignment. 
 
 Department Overview 
 
The CropOS Department leads the development of Benson Hill's crop design platform, CropOS™ which combines machine learning and big data with advanced breeding methods, genome editing and plant biology to simplify and accelerate the product development process. The team partners with the Research & Development teams on the development of a portfolio of offerings (commercial product or platform related) that meet the needs of Benson Hill's business units. 
 
Position Summary 
 
The successful candidate understands business needs and leads the identification of opportunities for application of data science and machine learning to improve and accelerate value creation through Benson Hill's research projects, product pipelines, and business operations. Understands and directs execution strategy, designs project roadmaps and executes project plans. Identifies internal and external information sources and is able to create novel ML based solutions with impact to the business. Builds effective working relationships with subject matter experts across Benson Hill and the external marketplace. Is an expert and stays and expert in current and emerging ML technologies, techniques, and tools. 
 
You Will: (Essential Duties and Responsibilities) 
 
 Identify opportunities to create differentiated products through the application of data and ML models 
 Define and communicate implantation strategy for the applications of ML to Benson Hill's product pipeline 
 Lead a team of data scientists to develop state-of-the-art predictive models impacting Benson Hill's product pipeline and business 
 Collaborate on projects with various internal teams including scientists from other disciplines, data and software engineers, and project leaders. 
 Effectively communicate results in written and visual format to other scientists and project stakeholders 
 Hire, coach and develop team members 
 
   You Have: (Competencies and Qualifications) 
 
 Education 
 
 PhD in machine learning or related field 
 
 Experience 
 
 >8 years of experience applying a broad variety of machine learning methodologies across multiple domains and with a variety of business objectives. 
 Demonstrated success in technical and people leadership roles 
 Demonstrated expertise applying machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning and other artificial intelligence methods to solve business problems. 
 Experience using a variety of ML packages and libraries and cloud-based AI platforms such as TensorFlow, H2O.ai, Amazon Sagemaker or others. 
 Experience organizing and planning complex projects and ability to multi-task in a start-up setting. 
 
 Additional Skills 
 
 Fluency in python and the use of cloud platform infrastructure and AI capabilities. 
 Strong understanding of scientific concepts, approaches, application, and interpretation. 
 Ability to work in a dynamic, fast-moving, team environment. 
 Self-motivated to learn new knowledge and techniques. 
 Ability to work independently. 
 Strong desire to work collaboratively, coaching and mentoring other team members. 
 Effective written and verbal communication skills. 
 
   Preference given to applicants with the following 
 
 Proven experience in agriculture or life science Industries 
 Experience with CUDA, Git, Docker 
 Experience with GPU clusters, and ability to manage and customize cloud-based computing environments 
 Experience with genomic and other biological data 
 
   We have a Total Rewards Package at Benson Hill that consists of more than just your paycheck. Total Rewards at Benson Hill covers Pay (salary and bonus), Health (employer benefit contributions) and Wealth (investments). Some of the perks include: 
 
 A Collaborative Environment 
 A flexible PTO program with a focus on work/life balance 
 Competitive medical benefits and retirement savings plan 
 FREE  Dental and Vision Coverage 
 Education reimbursement 
 PAID  parental leave 
 And more…. Benson Hill 7 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Benson Hill in St. Louis, MO Director of Data Science salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Benson Hill 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
