
 
 
 
 Senior Applied Scientist - Mountain View, CA 94043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Applied Scientist Microsoft 7,267 reviews Mountain View, CA 94043 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Microsoft News & Feeds team is looking for a passionate Data Scientist in the core ranking team. The team is working on solving the hardest ML problems in recommendation system, NLP and search domains. We applied the cutting-edge technologies such as Transformer, Graph Embedding and Deep Neural Networks to do user profiling, document understandings and personalized recommendations. 
Working in the team, you have the potential to define the future of personalized content services for Microsoft. Imagine billion of users around the world can discover content they care about and start new conversations with their friends, family and colleagues. Today, Windows has close to 1 billion monthly active users, and Outlook, Teams, Edge, and Bing also have hundreds of millions of users plus the partnership with third party, the presents a huge opportunity to engage users with content worldwide. 
Responsibilities 
Lead and participate in design, implementation, and execution across a variety of features regarding personalization and relevance. 
Drive innovations in NLP applications, ranking and recommendation algorithms. 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications: 
BS/MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, or other engineering or science fields. 
PhD with 2+ years industry experience or 4+ years industry experience in related fields. 
4+ years of proficient experience with C#/C++/Java/Python/Scala or any other OOP skills with a good knowledge of Data Structures/Algorithms 
Passionate and have experience on applied machine learning, deep learning and/or related fields. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
PhD with research experience on Machine Learning. 
Experience developing end to end ML/DL systems. 
Research or work experience on user profiling, recommendation system or NLP. 
Strong knowledge in deep learning computational graph frameworks, such as Tensorflow/Pytorch 
Publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g. NIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV, and ACL). 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#WebXT# #ContentServices# #MachineLearning# Microsoft 26 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Mountain View, CA Senior Scientist salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
