
 
 
 
 Knowledge Management Lawyer (U.S. Private Investment Funds) - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Knowledge Management Lawyer (U.S. Private Investment Funds) Goodwin Procter LLP 48 reviews Boston, MA Goodwin Procter LLP 48 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Make an impact at Goodwin , where we partner with our clients to practice law with integrity, ingenuity, agility and ambition. Our 1,400 lawyers across the United States, Europe and Asia excel at complex transactions, high-stakes litigation and world-class advisory services in the technology, life sciences, real estate, private equity and financial industries. Our unique combination of deep experience serving both the innovators and investors in a rapidly-changing, technology-driven economy sets us apart. Also a global destination for business professionals, Goodwin’s team of professional staff was named in 2019 the “Best Business Team” by  The American Lawyer . 
 
Goodwin’s  Private Investment Funds   practice  is a global leader covering a wide range of industries, including real estate, private equity, venture capital, infrastructure, natural resources and hedge funds, worldwide. We provide fund managers with the sophisticated level of counsel required for structuring, forming, advising and operating private investment funds. 
 
As the  Knowledge Management Lawyer (U.S. Private Investment Funds)  for the U.S. Private Investment Funds legal practice group, you are an experienced private investment funds lawyer who will be a member of one of the legal industry’s leading Knowledge Management groups, known for award-winning and innovative KM systems and approaches. Working as an embedded Professional Support Lawyer within the Private Investment Funds legal practice, you will work closely with PIF leaders and will draw upon your legal expertise and prior experience to support this group by providing the highest quality legal content and know-how for our U.S. practitioners.
 WHAT YOU’LL DO: 
 Create, develop and maintain model documents, forms, precedents, checklists, and other substantive content for the Practice, ensuring such content is up-to-date and readily accessible on the firm’s intranet and other content sharing platforms. 
 Serve as a source of legal, market and practical expertise; identifying and collecting key data points of the Practice’s legal work for statistical analysis and post-deal assessments, benchmarking and market trends. 
 Monitor and inform the Practice of important legal developments relevant to the Practice; supporting the writing and publication of external client alerts on such developments. 
 Develop curriculum for, and participate in, training initiatives for the Practice, including internal training sessions, client workshops, and other firm educational training programs. 
 Work with the Knowledge Management team to develop solutions to increase efficiency, enable legal project management and improve legal service delivery of the Practice; such as document assembly packages, expert systems and client-facing applications. 
 Participate in Knowledge Management Department meetings to facilitate the sharing of best practices and knowledge, and perform such other duties as requested by the Knowledge Management Department. 
 Assist in business development efforts for the Practice, including thought leadership initiatives, client seminars and pitches, to elevate the awareness and value of the Practice and the firm’s KM program. 
 WHO YOU ARE: 
 Juris Doctor required. 
 7+ years legal experience practicing in the private investment funds area, either in a law firm or in house legal department, including experience with private placements under the Securities Act of 1933, unregistered funds under the Investment Company Act and exposure to the Investment Advisers Act. 
 Passion for knowledge-sharing, efficiency and excellence in legal work. 
 Interest in working with legal technology, such as document automation, artificial intelligence and collaboration platforms. 
 
 Location: New York, Boston or Washington D.C. preferred, though other Goodwin U.S. offices may be an option. 
 
Reports to the Director of Knowledge Management, Business Law. 
 
#LI-DNR 
 
Goodwin Procter LLP is an equal opportunity employer. This means that Goodwin Procter LLP considers applicants for employment, and makes employment decisions without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, age, religion, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other legally protected status. 
Please note: Various agencies of the United States government require employers to collect information on applicants and employees. The National Association of Law Placement (NALP) and certain clients request us to keep track of certain aggregate information regarding lawyers. EEO information requested on this application is for purposes of compliance with these recordkeeping and reporting requirements and to determine recruiting and employment patterns. Submission of this information is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment. Goodwin Procter LLP 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Knowledge Manager jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Goodwin Procter in Boston, MA Knowledge Manager salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Goodwin Procter LLP Goodwin Procter LLP 48 reviews One of the largest law firms in Beantown, Goodwin Procter has branched beyond its Boston roots to establish offices on the East and West ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
