
 
 
 
 Program Associate - Oakland, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Associate AI4ALL Oakland, CA Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About AI4ALL 
AI4ALL is a national nonprofit that opens doors to the artificial intelligence industry for historically excluded talent through education and mentorship. We nurture a global community of students who learn AI fundamentals and who then apply those principles to solve society’s most pressing problems in deeply innovative and ethical ways. AI4ALL has empowered over 15,000 people in all 50 states and globally with AI education. Eighty-one percent of alumni in AI4ALL Changemakers in AI are interested in a career in AI after completing the program, and many are already making significant impacts in the field, from educating their peers to winning “best paper” at top AI conferences. In 2020, AI4ALL Summer Programs ran at 14 top universities around North America. Over 4,000 high school teachers and students have used AI4ALL’s free AI curriculum through AI4ALL Open Learning. Additionally, AI4ALL College Pathways now operates at four universities, increasing access to AI careers for college students not already on an AI pathway. 
By telling a new story about who can be a leader in AI, we’re creating tomorrow’s AI leaders and changing technology’s future. AI4ALL has received funding from Melinda Gates/Pivotal Ventures, Google.org, Prudential Financial, Microsoft, EY, and The Micron Foundation, among others and has been featured in the New York Times, TIME, CNN, The Washington Post, USA Today, and The Atlantic. 
About the position 
We are looking for a Program Associate to support the Summer Programs team. The Program Associate will have the opportunity to collaborate with all members of the team, gaining a comprehensive lens into departmental operations. Additionally, there are numerous opportunities to work across teams within the organization and with external corporate and academic stakeholders. All staff are currently working from home and this position is remote. Some minor travel may be required, but only when safe to do so. 
Key responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to: 
Collaborate with the University Partnerships Manager and Communications team to develop marketing materials and events for student programs (e.g., flyers, info sessions, social media posts). 
Manage the departmental email address, responding to stakeholder and student inquiries and triaging to the appropriate team member if necessary. 
Organize and maintain the departmental shared drive 
Oversee the department’s social media presence including disseminating critical information to our university partner network, potential program applicants, and other essential stakeholders. 
Support Education & Curriculum Manager with evaluation data management, as needed. 
Work with the Director to manage logistics and communications for engagement of industry partners, mentors, and other relevant stakeholders. 
Provide administrative support during the admission’s process including managing the organization of the read process. 
Support logistics for transitioning Summer Programs students on to Changemakers in AI, AI4ALL’s official alumni community. 
Compile content and manage logistics for dissemination of the semi-quarterly Summer Programs newsletter. 
Other duties as assigned, including providing administrative and logistics support to departmental projects and programs that arise. 
We’re excited to connect with candidates who have: 
A desire to increase diversity and promote inclusion in tech. 
Experience providing administrative support, preferably in an education and/or non-profit setting. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Attention to detail and impeccable organizational skills. 
Proficiency in Google Suite, and a willingness to learn new software and systems to support departmental operations. 
An interest in working in a fast-paced environment. 
Comfortable working both independently and collaboratively, within and across teams. 
AI4ALL strives to be an employer-of-choice. We offer a comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance program, generous time off, paid parental leave, and a retirement plan with matching contributions. If this sounds like a good fit for you, please submit your resume and cover letter at: https://ai4all.applytojob.com/apply/. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. 
 
 AXaBujyjei AI4ALL 13 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Program Associate jobs in Oakland, CA Program Associate salaries in Oakland, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AI4ALL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
