
 
 
 
 Manual Tester(Medical Device) - Waukesha, WI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manual Tester(Medical Device) Capgemini 8,318 reviews Waukesha, WI Contract Capgemini 8,318 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration : 6+Months 
Responsibilities : 
Perform software and hardware analysis on Class II medical imaging equipment in R&D status which included and not limited to: AI Image Analysis, IPv4 and 6 testing, Transport Layer Analysis, Wireless association, Networking assessment, Regulatory labeling, Operator manual, Remote access, Field Engineering Service testing, Privacy and Security, Firmware Upload/Download, Software Update for online delivery and cold loading, System calibration - software and hardware. 
Analyze system data analytics, performance metrics at the system, and subsystems levels. 
Contribute to design test procedures based on product specifications and requirements. 
Execute tests following verification plans and procedures in light of ISO 13485/14971 and FDA 21 CFR 820. 
Verify and validate remote connectivity for systems and field service updates. 
Collaborate with the program management on verification and validation processes. 
Work closely with Global Applications Support on product training and customer feedback. 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Tester jobs in Waukesha, WI Jobs at Capgemini in Waukesha, WI Tester salaries in Waukesha, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,318 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
