
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Engineer - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Engineer XPeng Motors Mountain View, CA XPeng Motors  is one of China's leading smart electric vehicle ("EV") companies. We design, develop, manufacture and market smart EVs that are seamlessly integrated with advanced Internet, AI and autonomous driving technologies. We are committed to in-house R&D and intelligent manufacturing to create a better mobility experience for our customers. We strive to transform smart electric vehicles with technology and data, shaping the mobility experience of the future. 
 
We are looking for machine learning research engineer with strong programming and development skills and experience with machine learning. Experiences with machine learning algorithm, applications and frameworks are required. 
 
Our mission is to solve the autonomous driving problem. You will work with a team of machine learning researchers to build AI software systems, learn about deep learning algorithms, and use your technical skills to advance autonomous driving. 
 
 
Job Responsibilities:
 Research, implement, optimize and deploy state-of-the-art perception model with dataset in a scale of hundreds of millions of (lidar + radar + videos + HD-map) data collected in a wide variety range from the real-world. 
 Communicate with downstream teams and provide solutions for localization, detection, sensor fusion, depth estimation, 3d scene re-construction, video analysis etc. 
 Work closely with software team to implement and deploy algorithms on simulation and/or on-target platforms. 
 Being scrappy: dealing with corner cases, data mining, solving long-tail problems. 
 
 
Job Requirements: 
 
 PhD in machine learning or computer vision with 1+ industry experience or master with 3+ industry experiences in the applied machine learning or computer vision. 
 Experiences with either PyTorch, Tensorflow or MXNet. 
 Fluent Python coding, parallel coding, metrication, testing and version control. 
 Solid understanding of literature and capable to apply state-of-the-art algorithm to solve computer vision challenges. 
 Experience working with time-sequence data, 3d reconstruction and multi-sensor data is preferred. 
 
 
What do we provide: 
 
 A fun, supportive and engaging environment. 
 Opportunities to pursue and work on cutting edge technologies 
 Competitive salary 
 Snacks, lunches and fun activities 
 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status or marital status or any other proscribed category set forth in federal or state regulations. Xpeng Motors 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at XPeng Motors in Mountain View, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from XPeng Motors Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
