
 
 
 
 Sales Representative - Dataiku Online - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Representative - Dataiku Online Dataiku New York, NY Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Dataiku allows enterprises to create value with their data in a human-centered way while breaking down silos and encouraging collaboration. One of the most unique characteristics of our product, Dataiku, is the breadth of its scope and the fact that it caters both to technical and non-technical users. With Dataiku, we aim to empower people through data and democratize data science. 
To complete its current main market target, Dataiku has recently launched a new offering. It aims to support Startups and SMBs to get started with Data Analytics: Dataiku Online. We are looking for Sales Representatives to join the team developing and operating the Dataiku SaaS offer. The role consists of prospecting, qualifying, demonstrating, selling, and growing Dataiku Online subscriptions. 
It is an opportunity to be an early member of a small team launching an exciting new offering with a strong and direct impact on its success. Based in the New York City office, you will take care of both inbound and outbound contacts. This role is an excellent opportunity for motivated Salespersons to learn and grow in a fast-paced environment by selling one of the leading Machine Learning and Data Science solutions to a new market segment. 
Learn, Grow, Impact 
You will express your passion for new technologies and Data Analytics possibilities to Startup and SMB customers across various industries. 
 In this role you will: 
Participate in designing and running prospection campaigns leveraging social networks, emails, and partner channels 
Get new Startup and SMB customers on board with the SaaS offering by managing the complete sales cycle from qualification, to value identification, to evaluation, to closing 
Help new users getting familiar with Dataiku Online by running their onboarding sessions to build an end-to-end project (preparation, Machine Learning, visualization) 
Support customers’ Data Science growth by upselling their subscriptions 
Recommend and leverage state of the art tools for B2B SaaS sales 
Work closely with Marketing and Product teams to continuously share feedback and provide the best experience to users and customers by iterating on the approach. 
 
 
You might be a good fit if you have: 
2 to 3 years of experience in a B2B SaaS sales organization (including SDR, BDR, Sales, CSM) 
Interest in data/AI applications for the following industries: eCommerce, SaaS, Energy, Manufacturing, Fintech, Medtech 
Familiarity with SaaS qualification, sales tools, and processes 
Ability to multi-task, autonomous and customer-centric mindset 
Fluent communication in English 
 
 
Bonus points for any of these: 
Experience working as a Sales for a SaaS company 
Experience in the Data Science and Machine Learning software industry 
Experience in SMBs and Startups market segments 
Spanish and/or French speaker 
 
 
Headquartered in New York City, Dataiku was founded in Paris in 2013 and achieved unicorn status in 2019. Now, more than 750 employees work across the globe in our offices and remotely. Backed by a renowned set of investors and partners including CapitalG and Tiger Global, we recently announced a $400 million Series E funding round that will allow us to unleash Everyday AI within exponentially more organizations around the world. Fly over to Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram to read stories about our culture, people, and success. 
Our practices are rooted in the idea that everyone should be treated with dignity, decency and fairness. Dataiku also believes that a diverse identity is a source of strength and allows us to optimize across the many dimensions that are needed for our success. Therefore, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All employment practices are based on business needs, without regard to race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. This applies to all policies and procedures related to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion and termination and all other conditions and terms of employment. DATAIKU 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Dataiku in New York, NY Sales Representative salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dataiku Dataiku is the platform democratizing access to data and enabling enterprises to build their own path to AI.
Our mission is big: to enab... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
