
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Charlotte, NC 28207 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Novant Health 1,747 reviews Charlotte, NC 28207 Full-time Novant Health 1,747 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The desired candidate can sit in either Charlotte, NC or Winston-Salem, NC 
Novant Health is inviting application to a Data Scientist position in its Data Science and AI group. As part of the team, you will use big data + AI to advance our understanding of disease and patient care, and to solve real world problems in medicine and healthcare.
 
Novant Health is a four-state integrated system of outpatient centers and hospitals. Its network consists of more than 1,600 physicians and 29,000 employees at more than 640 locations, including 15 medical centers and hundreds of outpatient facilities and physician clinics. 
At Novant Health, one of our core values is diversity and inclusion. By engaging the strengths and talents of each team member, we ensure a strong organization capable of providing remarkable healthcare to our patients, families and communities. Therefore, we invite applicants from all group dynamics to apply to our exciting career opportunities. 
Qualifications:
 Education:  Master's Degree or above in Data Science, Health Informatics, Biomedical Informatics, Statistics/Biostatistics, Computer Science, Math or related fields. 
Technical Skills Required:  Proficiency with Python, R, SQL, Unix/Linux shell, Git; Hands-on experiences in large datasets including clinical, biomedical, image, text or sensor data; Deep understanding of machine learning and deep learning methods and frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, Pytorch, etc); Hands-on experience in designing, developing, and deploying machine learning models; Ability to drive/travel to multiple locations/facilities as needed.. 
Additional Skills Preferred:  Cloud, HPC, distributed computing, Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark; Natural Language Processing and Understanding; Software and web development Strong writing, communication and project management skills. 
Responsibilities: 
Major responsibilities of the data scientist include but not limited to: 
Collect, process, integrate, analyze and visualize large scale clinical data; Design, develop and deploy machine learning/deep learning models, software and workflows; 
Communicate and collaborate with technical and non-technical team members to identify, analyze and solve clinical or business related problems. 
It is the responsibility of every Novant Health team member to deliver the most remarkable patient experience in every dimension, every time. 
Our team members are part of an environment that fosters team work, team member engagement and community involvement. 
The successful team member has a commitment to leveraging diversity and inclusion in support of quality care. 
All Novant Health team members are responsible for fostering a safe patient environment driven by the principles of "First Do No Harm". Novant Health 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Novant Health in Charlotte, NC Data Scientist salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Novant Health Novant Health 1,747 reviews At Novant Health, you’ll find exceptional facilities, advanced medical treatments, and an amazing team in North Carolina, Virginia and So... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
