
 
 
 
 Tenure-Track Open Rank Professor in Management Information Systems - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenure-Track Open Rank Professor in Management Information Systems Florida International University 862 reviews Miami, FL Full-time Florida International University 862 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Information 
 
 The Information Systems and Business Analytics (ISBA) Department at the College of Business at Florida International University is seeking qualified applicants for multiple tenure track Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor in Management Information Systems (MIS) positions. Candidates should hold a Ph.D. in Information Systems or a related field of study (industrial engineering, computer science, statistics, operations management), and have evidence of strong research productivity within the Business Analytics or Cybersecurity topic areas (must be “SA” by AACSB standards). 
The primary teaching responsibilities include teaching Information Systems courses at the graduate level in the PhD in MIS, MS-IS - Business Analytics and Business Cybersecurity Tracks, MS in Health Informatics and Analytics (HIA), MBA in Business Analytics, and a specialized Business Analytics graduate track within other Master’s degrees, as well as the undergraduate BBA programs in MIS and Business Analytics. The department is specifically interested in candidates with experience and expertise in Business Analytics or Cybersecurity. Preference will be given to candidates whose teaching, research, and/or work experience focus on Business Analytics areas such as data analytics, artificial intelligence, and data management, or in Cybersecurity areas such as security analytics, cloud security, and cybersecurity risk and compliance management. Evidence of research productivity is required. Relevant experience in industry is preferable. The 9-month course load will be a 2 + 2 course load. Additional summer teaching opportunities may be available. Salary will be competitive, and commensurate with experience and qualifications. 
Qualified candidates are encouraged to apply to Job Opening ID  524835  at https://facultycareers.fiu.edu/ and attach documents in the following order - a diversity statement, cover letter, curriculum vitae, statement of research and teaching philosophy. Candidates will be requested to provide names and contact information for at least three references who will be contacted upon  as  determined by the search committee. Review will continue until position is filled. 
 
 
Job Category 
 
 Faculty 
 
Pre-Employment Requirements 
 
 Criminal Background Check 
 
 
How To Apply 
 
 Prospective Employee 
If you have not created a registered account, you will be asked to create a username and password for use of the system. It is recommended that you provide an active/valid e-mail account as that will be the main source of communication regarding your status within the process. In this account, you are able to track your applicant status in " My Applications ". 
In order to be considered eligible for the position as an internal candidate, departmental staff must meet minimum requirements of the position, be in good performance standing, and have been continuously employed at the University for at least six months. 
Before you begin the process, we recommend that you are prepared to attach electronic copies of your resume, cover letter or any other documents within the application process. It is recommended that you combine your cover letter and resume/curriculum vitae into one attachment. Attached documents should be in Microsoft Word or PDF format. All applicants are required to complete the online application including work history and educational details (if applicable), even when attaching a resume. Florida International University 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Track Manager jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Florida International University in Miami, FL Track Manager salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Florida International University Florida International University 862 reviews Florida International University is a vibrant, student-centered public research university. FIU is worlds ahead in its commitment to lear... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
