
 
 
 
 Workstation - Artificial Intelligence Intern - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Workstation - Artificial Intelligence Intern Lenovo 1,100 reviews Morrisville, NC Lenovo 1,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Position Description: 
 Different finds inspiration in the most unexpected places. Different rethinks, re-imagines, and reinvents. For Lenovo, different is better. Every day, every employee at Lenovo is focused on moving forward, rejecting traditional limits, and always seeking a better way. Lenovo is different in 180+ countries and #224 on the Fortune 500 list. It’s not just about being different. It's about being better.
 Data is driving the success and growth of Lenovo’s Workstation business. Our understanding of what motivates our customers is the key to our future growth. To accelerate that growth, we are expanding our advanced analytics team to derive more meaningful customer insights faster. Through our internship programs, Lenovo is developing career minded early career talent to drive the next generation in technology.
 This position will have a primary role of completing a performance study and recommendations for Matlab (we get requests for this from time to time). Secondary responsibility is AI – working with Pete directly on MLPerf and other AI related small projects They will also be expected to assist in typical day-to-day activities. 
 Position Requirements: 
 Requirements: 
 Pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology
 Preferred: 
 Experience with Java and Matlab Strong communication skills, both verbal and written Strong interest in Artificial Intelligence (AI) Experience with Python 3.0+ GPA Ready for a challenge, have a healthy curiosity, and a passion for learning 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Social Work Intern jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Social Work Intern salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,100 reviews At Lenovo, our mission is simple: we create technology that enables people to challenge and inspire the world, helping them lead more ful... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
