
 
 
 
 Package Handler - Secaucus, NJ 07094 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Package Handler The RealReal 194 reviews Secaucus, NJ 07094 The RealReal 194 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company What You Get To Do Every Day 
 
 Distribute received product to copywriting categories (Jewelry, Ready-To-Wear, Men's, Home, Shoes & Accessories and Handbags) 
 Assist with the distribution of all ready to SKU authenticated product to the appropriate category 
 Ensure copywriting racks are full and the product is distributed evenly 
 Quality controlling every item at pick-up, ensuring everything has a receiving ticket 
 Take rejections to consignor returns as needed 
 Work with Lead Receivers to ensure VIP consignments are given to the proper copywriters 
 Stock Receiving Desk with supplies (hangers, containers, plastic sleeves and printer paper 
 Distribute inbound boxes and/or bags to receiving, keeping multiple bag consignments together 
 Help keep Receiving area organized by condensing and organizing consignments in the staging area 
 Removing the cardboard from the workstation and putting it in recycle container 
 
 What You Bring To The Role 
 
 Able to handle and distribute many items per day 
 Able to regularly lift up to 20 lbs 
 Strong verbal communication skills 
 Ability to troubleshoot and problem-solve 
 Excellent attention-to-detail and organizational skills 
 
 The RealReal is the world's largest online marketplace for authenticated, resale luxury goods, with more than 20 million members. With a rigorous authentication process overseen by experts, The RealReal provides a safe and reliable platform for consumers to buy and sell their luxury items. We have hundreds of in-house gemologists, horologists and brand authenticators who inspect thousands of items each day. As a sustainable company, we give new life to pieces by thousands of brands across numerous categories—including women's and men's fashion, fine jewelry and watches, art and home—in support of the circular economy. We make selling effortless with free virtual appointments, in-home pickup, drop-off and direct shipping. We do all of the work for consignors, including authenticating, using AI and machine learning to determine optimal pricing, photographing and listing their items, as well as handling shipping and customer service. At our 13 retail locations, including our eight shoppable stores, customers can sell, meet with our experts and receive free valuations. 
 
The RealReal is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or Veteran status. We will consider qualified applicants for a position regardless of arrest or conviction records, consistent with legal requirements. 
 
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. GH3685 
 
#LI-KH26 The RealReal 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Package Handler jobs in Secaucus, NJ Jobs at The RealReal in Secaucus, NJ Package Handler salaries in Secaucus, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from The RealReal The RealReal 194 reviews ABOUT THE REALREAL  
The RealReal is the world’s largest online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods. With 100+ experts... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
