
 
 
 
 Tenure-Line Faculty in Social and Organizational Informatics - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenure-Line Faculty in Social and Organizational Informatics Penn State University 1,429 reviews University Park, PA Full-time Penn State University 1,429 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Pennsylvania State University College of Information Sciences and Technology invites applications from sociotechnical scholars for one or more tenure-line, open rank professor positions in the Social and Organizational Informatics Faculty Area. We invite exceptional candidates with high quality, interdisciplinary research and publication records, who draw on methods from the humanities or social and behavioral sciences to study the complex interactions between the human, social, cultural, political, organizational, economic and technical factors fundamental to the use of information technologies.
 While we seek applicants conducting a broad range of sociotechnical research, we particularly welcome scholars whose research connects with our current areas of emphasis—e.g., critical approaches to computing (especially the intersection of computing with marginalized identities, such as race, gender, ethnicity, and sexuality), technology ethics and policy, and crisis informatics—thereby complementing and extending existing strengths among our faculty. We welcome all methods, humanistic or empirical, including qualitative, quantitative, and mixed-methods, generating impact for theory and practice. This new hire would be instrumental in building a new major within the College and connected to Penn State’s new Center for Socially Responsible Artificial Intelligence.
 Competitive applicants for the position at the rank of Assistant Professor will possess a PhD in a field related to sociotechnical studies (including, but not limited to, STS, sociology, anthropology, political science, communication, business, geography, economics, philosophy, information science or related fields) before beginning employment at Penn State, strong potential for developing an externally funded, collaborative, interdisciplinary research program, and potential to contribute to the college’s teaching mission.
 Candidates seeking the rank of Associate Professor should have the same qualifications as the assistant professor, as well as, a strong track record of scholarly achievement, external funding, and demonstrated success in teaching and service.
 Candidates for Full Professor should have the same qualifications as the assistant professor, as well as, a track record of research publications, funding, teaching and service that distinguishes them, nationally or internationally, as leaders in Social and Organizational Informatics, broadly defined.
 Candidates will join a dynamic faculty, contributing to the research, teaching and service missions of our College and University. Our College is growing, and currently offers six undergraduate, two masters and one doctoral degrees. Beyond the college, faculty enjoy the vibrant research atmosphere of a large university. Penn State offers access to an outstanding collaborative environment, world-class research infrastructure, as well as highly competitive salaries and startup packages. With over $900 million in annual research expenditures, Penn State ranks among the top 20 U.S. research universities, and is one of only two institutions in the nation accorded land grant, sea grant, sun grant, and space grant status. This affords faculty the opportunity to work with a wide range of Penn State centers and programs, including the Center for Socially Responsible AI, the Social Science Research Institute, the Rock Ethics Institute, Institute for Information Policy, the Institute for Computational and Data Sciences, the Institutes of Energy and the Environment, and the Africana Research Center, just to name a few.
 University Park is the largest of Penn State’s 24 campuses, with approximately 46,000 undergraduates and more than 150 graduate programs. The surrounding community of State College is a quintessential university town well known for its safe metropolitan area, exceptional quality of life including a low cost of living, a growing economy, a diverse offering of cultural and recreational opportunities, and excellent resources for families, including two on-campus child care centers and well-regarded local school systems.
 The College of Information Sciences and Technology is strongly committed to a diverse community and to providing a welcoming and inclusive environment for faculty, staff and students of all races, genders, and backgrounds. The college is committed to making good faith efforts to recruit, hire, retain, and promote qualified individuals from underrepresented minority groups including women, persons of color, diverse gender identities, individuals with disabilities, and veterans.
 Applicants must include with their application the following materials: (1) a cover letter detailing qualifications for the position; (2) a curriculum vitae including publications list; (3) a research statement outlining future research plans, a teaching statement, and a statement regarding engagement in or commitment to inclusion, equity, and diversity issues as they relate to broadening participation in the disciplines represented in the college and align with the mission of the College.
 Applicants for the Assistant Professor position should arrange for at least three references to be sent via email to humanresources@ist.psu.edu . Applicants for the Associate or Full Professor position should provide contact information (name, affiliation, email address) for at least four references. Applicants for the Associate or Full Professor position will be notified before letters are solicited from their references.
 Inquiries about the position may be directed to facultyrecruiting@ist.psu.edu .
 Review of applications and nominations will begin as early as October 19, 2020 and will continue to be accepted until the positions are filled.
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Faculty salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,429 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
