
 
 
 
 NLP Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NLP Engineer Woebot Health Boston, MA Our mission is to make the best mental health tools radically accessible to everyone. 
 
We're a venture-backed startup building tools to help millions of people monitor, regulate and ultimately improve their moods. Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of digital mental health research at Stanford University. Our Chairman is Andrew Ng and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP. 
 
We are poised to redefine how people access mental health care and are building the dream team that's excited about getting us there. You will be working with modern ML tech such as PyTorch, AWS SageMaker, and Prodigy, as well as Python toolkits like NumPy, pandas, and Hugging Face Transformers. 
 
How You'll Thrive 
 
Ramping Up 
 
 Within your first 30 days: You'll learn about the Woebot content architecture and how ML and NLP are used to guide conversations with our users. You will learn the major components of our NLP model production pipeline as well as the ways we label their data and train them. 
 Equally important, you will build relationships with other engineers, as well as content, product, and clinical teams. 
 
 
Solve Problems That Matter 
 
 By  day 60  you will begin to develop an understanding of the product, processes, and codebase, including user input matching, transcript reviews, annotation instructions, and data architecture. 
 You've delivered at least one large project or several smaller projects with high quality and minimal bugs. Examples below: 
 You might oversee the annotation of a new dataset, writing instructions for annotators, monitoring progress, and ensuring consistency. 
 You might design and implement user input matching at a new conversation flow or analyze input to identify areas for improvement. 
 You're developing features that help change our users' lives. To achieve this, you're: 
 Writing clean code that you have manually tested, 
 Creating documentation to help the content and product teams understand how our NLP works. 
 Giving and receiving feedback with other engineers and having a humble growth mindset. 
 
 Become a Key Member of the AI Team 
 
 By  day 90  you will be able to work with other engineers on feature feasibility and help estimate story points for more complex features. 
 We work in small teams and value everyone's opinion. You'll work directly with product managers, user interaction designers, and graphic designers to provide technical feedback that will help us create the best product for our users. 
 You'll also write clear story descriptions, craft detailed Github pull requests, and leave code better than you found it. 
 
 
Growth Opportunity 
 
 Beyond Day 90  you will become a thought leader for our NLU, working diligently to improve our understanding of users and to inform product features. 
 You will find creative ways to work around data limitations such as automated data augmentation and labeling. 
 You will use your knowledge of linguistics and engineering to help maintain a test suite that ensures a consistent perceived IQ and EQ for Weobot. 
 Long term, you'll improve your ability to interface with other teams, write technical design documents, and lead projects from conception to completion. 
 You will work on regulated medical products that must adhere to the highest quality standards. As a result, you will become a master of your craft, delivering and rigorously testing and measuring NLU features to fully understand capabilities and limitations. 
 
 
This Might Be Your Next Career Move IF: 
 
 You care about helping make quality mental health care realistically accessible to millions of people nationwide 
 You have experience applying linguistics within a real world product. 
 You enjoy tracking down and eliminating false positives and false negatives. 
 
 
Role-specific competencies 
 
 You have experience with data annotation projects in a production setting including writing annotation instructions, monitoring annotators, and ensuring consistency and inter-rater reliability. Familiarity with Prodigy is a plus. 
 You have a rich understanding of linguistic nuances such as semantics and pragmatics, and appreciate the capabilities and limitations of state-of-the-art NLP models as they pertain to these. 
 You have professional experience writing Python code or very high-quality independent projects to demonstrate aptitude. Familiarity with regular expressions is a plus. 
 You understand machine learning basics or are passionate about learning. 
 
 
Our Core Values 
 
 Empathic : You're a compassionate person and a team player motivated to understand others and help them be successful, too. You care as deeply for your colleagues as you do for our mission and our users. 
 Self-aware : You possess a high level of emotional intelligence, which allows you to understand yourself and others, and to have a healthy emotional life in the workplace. 
 Proactive & flexible :You are able to hit the ground running, you take responsibility for finding a way to get the job done. You learn as quickly as possible and sometimes do things outside the immediate scope of your work, giving it all you've got. 
 Strong work-ethic : You've mastered healthy habits in your life that allow you to do great things. You exemplify dedication and commitment to coming up with very good results in your work and inspire others to do the same. 
 Growth mindset : You believe abilities – like intelligence and talent – can be developed through dedication and hard work. You see failure as an opportunity to grow and welcome feedback as a pathway to your continued success. 
 Humble : You recognize that you are one among many, and you hold a genuine desire to discover what other people can offer. You are intrigued by how others think, and how others feel differently from you. You lean into these moments with patience and curiosity. 
 
  Benefits 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 Stock Options 
 Generous PTO 
 Health, Dental & Vision 
 
 
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status Woebot Health 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Woebot Health in Boston, MA Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Woebot Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
