
 
 
 
 Compositor - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Compositor DreamView San Francisco, CA Remote Contract Employer actively reviewed job 5 days ago Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Dreamview is looking for four Contract Compositors to support us on our current projects in the Media and Entertainment Department. 
 This is a remote/telecommute position. The studio is 100% virtual and allows the applicant to work  anywhere in the world! 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Achieve simple to complex compositing tasks at all stages of the production process. 
Produce high-level photorealistic images and create seamless transitions between filmed footage and composited 2D and 3D elements; 
Work with supervisors to determine creative and technical approaches 
Deliver work within established project targets, and the high-quality standards of the company. 
Experience in compositing photorealistic images of high-quality and skills to create a smooth transition between shooting plans and 2D/3D elements. 
A strong sense of compositing, color, and design, and a thorough knowledge of the film industry and color. 
Extensive knowledge of extraction techniques of bluescreen and greenscreen 
Interest in AI and Digital Human tech 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 Candidates should have at least 2 years of relevant experience working within a VFX pipeline 
Compositors should be fluent in BMD Fusion, with an understanding of the adobe suite. 
Compositors should understand compositing for animation including multi-channel EXR AOVs and how they merge together to provide control post-render. 
Looking for candidates who are passionate about the art & science of digital imaging, with a great attitude and excitement for continued learning. 
An expressed interest in new technology 
Positive attitude and proven track record in problem-solving 
Nuke expertise, with adaptability across other potential 2D software such as Adobe Suite, Fusion, Silhouette, etc. 
Compositing experience in a CG pipeline. 
Software agnosticism a plus, with some levels of fluency in adjacent software like AfterEffects, Premiere, PTGui, basic 3D software, a definite bonus 
Experience working in a similar industry position
 Good working knowledge of Nuke software & Adobe Suite 
Developed artistic and precision senses, good eye, and mastery of photographic shooting including knowledge of color, light (reflection, refraction, shadows), perspective, and composition; 
Ability to remain calm under pressure 
Excellent organizational and communication skills 
Work ethic focused on dynamism and collaboration; ability to perform multiple tasks, prioritize and solve problems 
 
About DreamView 
 DreamView Studios was founded by veteran CGI visionaries with 100+ years combined experience in creating CGI & Visual Effects for blockbuster movies, AAA games, commercials, and eCommerce products, hailing from companies such as Disney, Industrial Light & Magic, Pixar, and Electronic Arts. 
 The DreamView™ cloud platform and production services help businesses create, manage, and distribute photoreal and Augmented Reality CGI products and media for eCommerce sites, marketing initiatives, consumer experiences, and more. Virtual products, lifestyle scenes, and video creation is not only faster and less costly than traditional set design and layout, but also provides infinitely reusable 3D CGI assets and media. The company's proprietary platform and process facilitates streamlined product development and visualization, and is globally scalable. 
 DreamView's team is completely virtual with employees across the globe. We offer competitive compensation, benefits, unlimited time-off, massive growth opportunities, and a supportive and knowledgeable team to facilitate your success. DreamView 18 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at DreamView in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from DreamView Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
