
 
 
 
 Part-time A.I. Specialist - Wisconsin - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Part-time A.I. Specialist CentralStar Cooperative Wisconsin Part-time Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Part-time A.I. Specialist,  various areas throughout Wisconsin 
 
Do you enjoy working with cattle and want to pick up some extra weekend hours and/or have the flexibility to work as needed? We have several opportunities for part-time artificial insemination work in various locations throughout Wisconsin. After reading the information below, submit your application with your preferred work area specified. We’ll take a look and see if you and your location are a good fit for our needs. 
 
As a part-time Artificial Insemination (A.I) Specialist, you’ll have the opportunity to experience a career in the A.I. industry and work with today’s most elite dairy and beef females to produce the next generation of impact bulls and daughters. This career provides the opportunity to be exposed to the elite in the A.I. industry and hone your breeding skills. This person will have the opportunity to work with a team of employees, including other A.I. Specialists, DHI Specialists, Genetic Consultants, Reproductive Specialists, Area Sales Managers, and/or Team Leaders. 
 
The appropriate candidate will gain experience in areas such as: 
— Large-herd tail chalking, heat detection, and A.I. services; 
— Reproductive physiology and synchronization; 
— Record analysis and reproductive consultation services; and 
— Automated detection programs and health-monitoring systems. 
 
Ideal candidates for this career should have a strong agricultural background including: 
— A dairy and/or beef focus; 
— Outstanding people skills, with service-orientated attitude; 
— Excellent communication skills; and 
— Strong work ethic, with the ability to work on your own, as well as in a team structure. 
— A.I. experience and knowledge of on-farm software is preferred, but not mandatory CentralStar Cooperative 30+ days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Wisconsin Jobs at CentralStar Cooperative in Wisconsin Specialist salaries in Wisconsin Company Info Follow Get job updates from CentralStar Cooperative Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
