
 
 
 
 Consulting Product Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Consulting Product Manager Microsoft 7,267 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you highly collaborative with the vision and creativity to work directly with our customers’ engineers to understand their needs, identify emerging patterns, and develop new capabilities? Do you love working side-by-side with customer engineers on complex Cloud and Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions? If so, the Consulting Product Manager role in Industry Solutions - Customer Innovation (IS-CI) may be a good fit for you! 
Industry Solutions - Customer Innovation (IS-CI) is a global organization that works directly with customers looking to leverage the latest technologies to address their toughest challenges and transform their industries using cloud-based solutions. In this role on the CI team, you will leverage your deep understanding of Cloud, AI and Machine Learning technologies working side-by-side with our Azure customers’ Engineers to help them build and deploy innovative industry solutions. 
Successful Consulting Product Managers are natural leaders, great at networking, thrive working in ambiguity, are passionate about working with cloud technology, have strong product development backgrounds, and know how to empower a team to create and deliver high-impact, reusable software artifacts. 
Responsibilities 
You will have an opportunity to drive the vision and strategy for innovation solutions at scale with some of our largest and most strategic customers. Your areas of focus will be to: 
Create the product strategy, vision, business case, and competitive analysis. 
Drive the product roadmap and identify and document use cases and user stories that will define product delivery priorities and timeline. 
Lead the team to deliver a finished product by working closely with customer stakeholders, product owner, data scientists, and other stakeholders in an agile environment. 
Own Executive communications that establish IS-CI as a trusted advisor representing our customers’ requirements to inform and influence the planning and prioritization of the work being done. 
Identify the product’s defining features/specifications and manage the product backlog (epics, features, and user stories). 
Collaborate with the customer stakeholders to align on priorities and validate user stories. 
Drive experimentation by working with design on prototypes and user research. 
Contribute to a collaborative culture that embraces inclusivity and diversity. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications 
Professional experience in software development or successful product launch 
Experience working directly with technology teams and business stakeholders as a product manager.
 Strong executive communication and collaboration skills. 
Track record of successful engagements. 
Experience composing and leading virtual teams. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Self-identify as a technical product manager with a passion for cloud technologies. 
Inclusive, collaborative growth-mindset approach. 
Hands-on experience building production quality software (ideally cloud services) in an agile environment. 
Proven track record of collaborating across organizations and groups. 
Passion for creating deeply technical reports and whitepapers. 
Have experience working in geographically dispersed teams. 
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline or comparable practical professional experience. 
Enjoy travel and are comfortable with travel up to 25% (post-pandemic). 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Product Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
