
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist National Research Group 4 reviews New York, NY Remote Full-time National Research Group 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
 
National Research Group (NRG) is a leader in data driven insights and strategic consultation to the global entertainment and technology industries. Working at the confluence of technology, content, and culture, NRG offers bold insights for storytellers everywhere. Our consultants have experience working across all facets of media and technology. 
 
Why You'll Love It Here 
 
We are inspired by working with storytellers that challenge us to think differently and see the world in new ways. As a result, our business is driven by creative, curious, and inventive people who have a passion for pop culture. We work as a collective across disciplines and geographies to bring together the best thinking for every assignment, delivering insights to bold storytellers everywhere. 
 
The Opportunity 
 
We are looking for a data scientist with a very strong background in analytics and problem-solving abilities. This candidate should have a minimum of 2 years of related experience for a full-time position within our fast paced and growing company. 
 
If you feel that you can make an impact through innovation and collaboration and come to work with a passion to facilitate in delivering high quality data to our teams and clients, this is a great role for you. 
 
The Role 
 
 Identify and work across diverse, relevant data sources and automate collection processes 
 Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data 
 Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns 
 Build predictive models, classification models and machine-learning algorithms 
 Combine models through ensemble modeling 
 Explore and apply the latest advancements in machine learning and AI 
 Present information, create reports using data visualization techniques 
 Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges 
 Collaborate with client facing project teams, engineering and product development teams 
 Contribute to managing data integrity, data storage efficiency and data ecosystem efficiency 
 
 Who You Are 
 
 Up to date on the latest data-related best practices and technologies and always looking to learn more. 
 Internally motivated self-starter who continuously strives to get things done, regardless of challenges encountered. 
 Critical thinker, able to understand and respond to complex questions or issues that may arise, and able to demonstrate willingness to experiment with new technologies. 
 Successfully manages time and multiple competing priorities in order to ensure deadlines are always met. 
 Team player who is able to work collaboratively and initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal oversight. 
 
 Ideal Candidate 
 
 Ideal candidate should have a degree in a quantitative field (e.g., mathematics, computer science, physics, economics, engineering, statistics, operations research, quantitative social science, etc.). 
 Basic Knowledge on software development principles and architecture. 
 Good analytical and problem-solving abilities. 
 Ability to break down and understand complex business problems, define a solution and implement it using advanced quantitative methods. 
 Familiarity with programming for data analysis; ideally Python, SQL, or R. 
 Solid oral and written communication skills, especially around analytical concepts and methods. 
 Great work ethic and intellectual curiosity. 
 Knowledge of Cloud technologies such as AWS or Google Cloud. 
 Knowledge of any relational database such as My SQL. 
 Knowledge of git/Github 
 
 Position Type 
 
This is a full-time, exempt position. 
 
Work Environment 
 
NRG provides flexible work options – employees will be given the choice to work remotely, work out of a designated office (Culver City, New York, or London) or a hybrid of the two. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. 
 
Required Application Materials:
 CV/Resume 
 Cover Letter which should include:
 Why do you want to work at NRG? 
 Why are you interested in working in the entertainment/tech industry? National Research Group 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at National Research Group in New York, NY Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Research Group 4 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
