
 
 
 
 Director Application Software - Miami, FL 33166 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director Application Software Perry Ellis International, Inc. 265 reviews Miami, FL 33166 Perry Ellis International, Inc. 265 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. SUMMARY 
 
Direct application development strategy, direct the maintenance of application software, Direct the implementation of Information Systems projects. Accelerate the digital transformation wherever possible. 
 
KEY   R ESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Define strategy for the development of application software and system interfaces. 
 Ensure that Cyber Security policies are followed in all departments related to areas of responsibilities. 
 Ensure compliance as per Global guidance, laws and company policies as it relates to areas of responsibilities. 
 Delegate project tasks to appropriate personnel, and project manage the implementation of new systems, version upgrades and software patches. 
 Align the department goals and projects to the company strategic goals. 
 Ensure that implementation of new systems include the latest technologies; such as, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Virtual Reality, Augmented reality, Robotics, Natural language processing, automated image recognition and attribution, etc. 
 Create a culture of productivity, return on investment, total cost of ownership and cost reduction by automation. 
 Implementation of continuous process improvement. 
 Advise the Director or VP of Project Management Office regarding Information Systems projects. 
 Administer the approval of vendor invoices related to services and equipment related to projects and systems that are required for the areas supported. Review and approve service contracts for vendors needed for systems support, and tie back to vendor invoicing. 
 Precede all software implementations with a RFP(Request for Proposal) to multiple vendors. 
 Outsource when there is an opportunity to reduce cost, while maintaining a low risk relationship. 
 Be the change agent for Agile implementation methodology. 
 Lead implementation and software development across multiple Clouds and Cloud independents technologies, such as Kubernetes. 
 Direct and manage an International and diverse Software Engineering staff across multiple fields of knowledge. 
 Direct, oversee and consult on digital marketing technologies in order to optimize return on ad spend, as well as Return on Technology spend. 
 
 SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES: 
 
 Knowledge of Software development lifecycle and Agile methodologies. 
 Knowledge of Large scale project management. 
 Ability to remain calm and level headed and make rational decisions in stressful situations. 
 Knowledge of Database technologies and visualitions tools. 
 Must be skilled in working as a part of a team, including members from outside of Information Systems  . 
 Knowledge on the business and specific areas of responsibilities which may include; HR, Finance, Operations, Planning, Logistics, Retail, Ecommerce, Marketing, Design, etc. 
 
 MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 MBA degree, Master’s Degree in Science 
 10+ years of management experience 
 Back 
 Share 
 Apply Now Perry Ellis International, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Perry Ellis International in Miami, FL Director salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Perry Ellis International, Inc. Perry Ellis International, Inc. 265 reviews Perry Ellis International, Inc. represents a diverse portfolio of lifestyle apparel brands. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
