
 
 
 
 Senior Data & Applied Scientist - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data & Applied Scientist Microsoft 7,267 reviews Atlanta, GA Remote Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description With more people working from home and schooling from home, the need for help and learning has skyrocketed. We are part of the Customer Success Engineering team in Microsoft Experience and Devices organization. We are relentlessly passionate about ensuring our user win every moment by helping them use Office and Windows by understanding their challenges, the specific task at hand, and the short and long-term goals they are trying to achieve. We have help and learning experiences for Office, Teams, and Windows across the web, mobile and native applications. 
We are looking for someone to build & train model across all the help and learning experiences. This includes search systems, recommendation systems, ranking systems. We will make step function improvements to existing intelligent scenarios and build brand new intelligent scenarios with cold start challenges. We have opportunities in applied machine learning, natural language processing, embeddings, deep learning, information retrieval, software engineering, and responsible AI. 
Responsibilities 
Build & created optimized ML pipeline for training and runtime. 
Lead efforts across the lifecycle of intelligent development from idea, first deployed model to customers, to advanced iteration. 
Build visualization that provide insights into user & content experiences, ML evaluations. 
Partner with ML engineers, Data Engineers, Service & experience engineers & owners. 
Identify, investigate measure different modeling architectures and technique. 
Mentor & review junior DS works & ML engineers. 
Lead efforts on best practice and re-use of script, datasets & pipelines, Visualizations. 
Qualifications 
5+ years’ experience building practical machine learning models with applications to real-world problems. 
Demonstrated leadership experience developing and deploying ML solutions. 
PhD/MS in Computer Science, or equivalent work experience. 
Experience with ML tools to build models and analyze data. (e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow, scikit-learn). 
Knowledge of distributed/cloud computing systems (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Azure, AWS, Cosmos). 
Demonstrated coding skills. 
Demonstrated multiple visualization techniques. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills, with the ability to communicate complex technical concepts and solutions to all levels of the organization. 
Experience with the full ML life-cycle – from data exploration to model building to experimentation to shipping models to customers. 
Experience delivering and operating models in production at scale is a plus. 
Deep Learning or NLP experience is a plus. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Microsoft in Atlanta, GA Senior Data Scientist salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
