
 
 
 
 HR Specialist - Winston-Salem, NC 27104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HR Specialist Novant Health 1,747 reviews Winston-Salem, NC 27104 Full-time Novant Health 1,747 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The HR Specialist will report directly to the Manager of Strategic Initiatives to support the Vice President of Strategy & Benefits and the Senior Vice President & Chief People Officer on a variety of organizational priorities and projects. This role will be expected to conceptualize, develop branding for, and execute on long-term "big picture" initiatives impacting the entire Novant Health system, as well as immediate-need smaller projects supporting the Talent Acquisition and Learning & Education teams. This position will also assist various members of the People & Culture team in supporting presentations for and reports to various levels of Novant Health leadership, including the Chief Executive Officer. 
Candidates are very strongly encouraged to provide a portfolio of design work, either via a website or a PDF file. 
At Novant Health, one of our core values is diversity and inclusion. By engaging the strengths and talents of each team member, we ensure a strong organization capable of providing remarkable healthcare to our patients, families and communities. Therefore, we invite applicants from all group dynamics to apply to our exciting career opportunities. 
 
Qualifications:
 Education : Bachelor's degree required. Graduate Degree Preferred. 
Experience : Three years of project management and budget Management, related healthcare industry, communications, and/or human resources experience required; experience may include coordinating large-scale, enterprise-wide projects. Three years of artificial intelligence, IT experience preferred. 
Licensure/certification : PMP Project Management Certification preferred. 
Additional skills required : Three-to-five years of experience as a graphic designer, art director, instructional designer, or studio designer. Ad or branding agency experience preferred. 
ADDITIONAL SKILLS REQUIRED: 
Experience with the Adobe Creative Cloud package, particularly Illustrator, InDesign, and Photoshop. Proficiency or mastery preferred. 
Experience with Microsoft Office, particularly PowerPoint and Word. 
Strong skills in both design conceptualization and strategic, long-term thinking. 
Experience developing both digital and print deliverables. 
Strong analytical, consulting, and organizational skills. 
Action oriented, willing to do what is needed in order to move projects forward in an organized manner with consistent execution. 
Strong digital fluency. 
Relationship management skills that include listening and consultative abilities, as well as the ability to establish credible relationships with business partners to drive change. 
Experience managing highly sensitive and confidential information. 
ADDITIONAL SKILLS/REQUIREMENTS (PREFERRED): 
Experience with Figma and/or Sketch, Figma preferred of the two. 
Understanding of Pantone color matching system, CMYK and RGB color spaces, and the application of each. 
Entrepreneurial spirit and innovative drive for reaching the next great idea and exceeding goals. 
Intellectual depth, moral integrity, personal vision, creativity, leadership skills, fortitude, sincerity and diplomacy. 
Ability to work independently and as a team player who will productively engage with others at varying levels of seniority within and outside of Novant Health. 
Experience with an animation workflow (i.e. Adobe After Effects) and/or UX design workflow. 
Bilingual in Spanish / English. 
Responsibilities:
 
It is the responsibility of every Novant Health team member to deliver the most remarkable patient experience in every dimension, every time. 
Our team members are part of an environment that fosters team work, team member engagement and community involvement. 
The successful team member has a commitment to leveraging diversity and inclusion in support of quality care. 
All Novant Health team members are responsible for fostering a safe patient environment driven by the principles of "First Do No Harm". Novant Health 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Specialist jobs in Winston-Salem, NC Jobs at Novant Health in Winston-Salem, NC Human Resources Specialist salaries in Winston-Salem, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Novant Health Novant Health 1,747 reviews At Novant Health, you’ll find exceptional facilities, advanced medical treatments, and an amazing team in North Carolina, Virginia and So... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
