
 
 
 
 Distinguished Fellow for (AI/AN) populations, Youth Development - Chapel Hill, NC 27514 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Distinguished Fellow for (AI/AN) populations, Youth Development Child Trends 10 reviews Chapel Hill, NC 27514 Up to $146,000 a year Child Trends 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary Up to $146,000 a year Full Job Description We are seeking a research scholar who will be responsible for planning and executing major social science research and evaluation projects related to American Indian and Alaska Native (AI/AN) populations. Distinguished Fellows work in consultation with Child Trends’ colleagues and/or other organizations. They will design research approaches, oversee quantitative or qualitative data analyses, write and present reports, and draw policy inferences. They will be responsible for developing new opportunities and writing proposals, then serving as a principal investigator or project director for those projects. 
Through this position, we aim to enhance our capacity to build a research portfolio that promotes the social, emotional, academic, behavioral, and physical well-being of AI/AN youth. Though this position is in the Youth Development research area, it is probable that opportunities will include collaborating with colleagues across the organization, including child welfare, early childhood, education, etc. Child Trends’ Youth Development team brings a multi-disciplinary perspective to its studies of adolescents and young adults and the programs, systems, and policies that impact them. Our work is grounded in a positive youth development approach that is strengths-based, responsive to the needs of communities, and focused on improving program quality, reducing disparities, and promoting positive outcomes and equity. Increasingly, our work focuses on youth and young adults of color (e.g., AI/AN youth, Black youth, Hispanic youth) and young people who are underserved and/or overlooked by research, policy, and programs. 
Locations: Flexible Remote Work; Child Trends’ offices are based in Bethesda, MD; Chapel Hill, NC; Minneapolis, MN 
Potential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Leads research and evaluation projects: Serve as principal investigator or project director for multiple research or evaluation studies. Help to build a line of work within the organization supporting a team of researchers that includes leading teams to write proposals, conceptualize work, and negotiate and draft budgets. 
Serves as an advisor: Serve as Senior Advisor on projects involving AI/AN populations. Serve as a supervisor and mentor for research staff. 
Supervises data analysis: Oversee the data collection, tabulation, and analysis by research scientists, analysts, and assistants. 
Interprets and communicates findings: Lead the interpretation of data from policy and program perspectives. Communicate study results to various audiences (e.g., policymakers, researchers, practitioner, etc.) in multiple formats (e.g., testimony to policymakers, information requests from reports, papers, briefs, and other publications). 
Below we list preferred qualifications. If you do not meet our criteria exactly but think you’d be great, please submit and tell us why in your cover letter. 
Qualifications: 
Demonstrated experience working for or with Tribal Nations or tribal communities, organizations, agencies, or institutions in research and/or evaluation activities. 
10+ years of experience producing scholarship on AI/AN youth that is directly relevant to Child Trends’ mission. 
Doctoral degree preferred. Applicants with master’s degrees or other relevant experience will be considered with additional experience expected. 
Demonstrated thought leadership and communications achievements (e.g., notable research papers, effective white papers) within their field. 
Experience managing partnerships and engaging stakeholders. 
Extensive experience writing and winning proposals, ideally from both government and foundation funders. 
Expertise in designing evaluations and research studies, including potentially leading randomized controlled trials and overseeing multivariate quantitative analyses and mixed methods approaches. 
Proven skills at managing projects, complex timelines, partnerships, and budgets. 
How to Apply: 
Please follow the “apply” link to submit your application. When asked by the system to upload resume, please upload  one document  that includes your resume, cover letter, transcripts, a writing sample and contact information for three professional references. Materials must be combined into  one document  in order to be uploaded. If you have any difficulties with this process please email the requested materials to recruitment (at) childtrends.org and make sure to  reference the position in the subject line.  No phone calls please! 
Child Trends, founded in 1979, is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research organization dedicated to improving the lives of children by conducting research and providing science-based information to improve the decisions, programs, and policies that affect children. With annual revenue of $23 million and 192 employees, our clients include federal, state and local government agencies, foundations, and service providers. Our headquarters is located in Bethesda, Maryland, with offices in Minneapolis and Chapel Hill, North Carolina. In 2018, we were recognized as a Great Place to Work for Women, Best Workplace in Consulting & Professional Services and Best Small & Medium Workplace. 
Child Trends is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.   Protected veterans and individuals with disability encouraged to apply. Child Trends 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fellow jobs in Chapel Hill, NC Jobs at Child Trends in Chapel Hill, NC Fellow salaries in Chapel Hill, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Child Trends 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
