
 
 
 
 Senior Server Programmer Job - Santa Monica, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Server Programmer Job The Game Group Santa Monica, CA Description: 
 
Our client is THE global leader of gaming entertainment and technology. Among their key initiatives are interactive entertainment such as gaming, artificial intelligence, cloud services, film entertainment, and other internet services. Some of their best of breed International partners and investment companies include Epic Games, Riot, Activision, Take-Two and EA. 
 
Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world class online games. If you are eager to do groundbreaking work in a friendly, cross-cultural environment, they can provide unparalleled stability, resources, access to more than a billion users, and an international perspective. 
 
Summary: 
 
We are looking for an experienced and passionate senior server programmer who loves constructing a scalable, stable, and secure ecosystem of services for players to enjoy. You will usher them through the entire multiplayer experience, from first login, through matchmaking, and then granting rewards players can use to customize their characters in the store. 
 
You will work on our online-game backend technology in our LA studio. As one of the caretakers of the live environment, you will be a critical part of the team that launches the game’s services. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and support of reliable and high performance online services, help integrate them into company’s products. 
 Work closely with Design to improve upon or create new multiplayer services. 
 Improve low level network systems to give players a great game experience. 
 Manage deployment of new servers and monitor operations after launch. 
 Additional responsibilities may be assigned as needed. 
 
 Requirements & Skills: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience. 
 At least 5 years of professional work experience as Programmer, preferably in the games industry. 
 Direct responsibility for performance and functionality of certain server modules. 
 Shipped at least one AAA title, with responsibilities in server and database programming. 
 Strong knowledge of C/C++ and at least one script programming languages. 
 Understand different game networking models and the pros and cons of each. 
 Thorough understanding of server architecture and networking protocols used for massively multiplayer online games. 
 Strong knowledge of network and server security. 
 Experience working in Linux / Unix environment with debugging/optimization skills. 
 
 Pluses: 
 
 Experience with making multiplayer games. 
 Experience in Unreal Engine 4. 
 Passion for playing and developing exceptional multiplayer games. 
 
 To obtain more details or explore this job; please submit a copy of your resume by e-mailing:  resumes@gamegrouprecruit.com . The Game Group 30+ days ago If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Programmer jobs in Santa Monica, CA Jobs at The Game Group in Santa Monica, CA Senior Programmer salaries in Santa Monica, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Game Group Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
