
 
 
 
 Branch Head of Applied Artificial Intelligence Branch - ICL - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Branch Head of Applied Artificial Intelligence Branch - ICL Georgia Tech Research Institute 849 reviews Atlanta, GA Full-time Georgia Tech Research Institute 849 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description A full-time, permanent position to Head the Applied Artificial Intelligence Branch (AAIB), part of the Advanced Computing and Artificial Intelligence Division (ACAID) within the Information and Communications Laboratory (ICL) of the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI). The Information and Communications Laboratory (ICL) has programs across a wide range of information science research, including communications, sensing, networks, advanced computing, trusted information exchange, enterprise modernization, software applications, data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and health systems. The goal of the Advanced Computing and Artificial Intelligence Division (ACAID), within ICL, ACAID is to support research projects across GTRI as well as to research new techniques in computing and AI. The Applied AI Branch (AAIB) is a team of 6 full-time researchers focused on analytics and AI algorithms, including machine learning and deep learning, for real-world problems. AAIB researchers are experts at applying the right algorithms for the problems facing our sponsors and in devising new algorithms and approaches. 
 
The responsibilities of the Branch Head are divided between leadership and independent research. It is expected that the leadership responsibilities of this position will be 25% time, with the other 75% coverage coming from externally funded research programs. The position is based at GTRI facilities in Midtown Atlanta, GA. Researchers at GTRI are research faculty at Georgia Tech. 
 
Job Duties 
 Project Execution Oversight  - Provide technical oversight for programs executed within the branch. This includes helping project directors setup, initiate, execute and closeout programs conforming to contracted scope, deliverables, schedule and budget. It also includes providing monthly status meetings with project directors and division management and providing other reporting as required. 
 Project Staffing Support  - Support the division in establishing a staffing plan and identify hiring needs. Support interview and hiring process to hire the best person for the job. Support supervised personnel in search of billable research if there is a gap between tasking. 
 Business Development  - Develop a strategic vision and execution plan for the branch in collaboration with the Laboratory and Directorate Leadership. Work with other division branch heads and division and laboratory leadership to develop funded research programs. Activities include development and execution of business development strategies, direct outreach to existing and potential customers, and mentoring and directing branch staff in these activities. 
 Fiscal Responsibility  - Assist in management of overhead budgets, which are used to fund research administration, business development, and staff professional development. 
 Integrity and Compliance  - Ensures operational processes and procedures are compliant and consist with established Federal, GTRI, GT, and USG policies. 
 Coach  - Support the professional growth of supervised researchers through mentorship, training, and coaching. Work with researchers to ensure they have opportunity to achieve their next rank promotion. 
 Collaborate  - Learn about skills of other divisions and labs, establish professional relationships, and share your branch and division expertise with others in order enable collaboration with other units within GTRI as needed for joint selling strategies and program execution. 
 Travel Requirements 
 
10% - 25% travel 
 
Education & Length of Experience 
 
Research Engineer/Scientist/Technologist/Associate II 
 
 A Master’s degree in Engineering, Math or Science and three (3) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree, 
 A Master’s degree in Engineering, Math or Science and five (5) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of a Bachelor’s degree, or 
 A Doctoral degree in Engineering, Math or Science. 
 
 Senior Research Engineer/Scientist/Technologist/Associate 
 
 A Master’s degree in Engineering, Math or Science and seven (7) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of that degree, 
 A Master’s degree in Engineering, Math or Science and nine (9) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of a Bachelor’s degree, or 
 A Doctoral degree in Engineering, Math or Science and four (4) years of relevant full-time experience after completion of a Bachelor's degree. 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
 5+ years experience leading technical projects 
 3+ years leading, training, and/or coaching personnel (full-time, part-time, or students) 
 Demonstrated understanding of AI and machine learning 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Experience developing and delivering technical briefings 
 Demonstrated recent performance in successful development of external customers, proposal development, and sponsor awards 
 Demonstrated technical achievements in the research related to branch technical areas 
 U.S. Citizenship Requirements 
 
Due to our research contracts with the US federal government, candidates for this position are required to be US Citizens. 
 
Clearance Type Required 
 
Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain an active security clearance. 
 
Benefits at GTRI 
 
Comprehensive information on currently offered GTRI benefits including Health & Welfare, Retirement Plans, Tuition Reimbursement, Time Off, and Professional Development, can be found through this link: https://hr.gatech.edu/benefits 
 
Diversity & Inclusion Georgia Tech Research Institute 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Branch Head jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Georgia Tech Research Institute in Atlanta, GA Branch Head salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Georgia Tech Research Institute Georgia Tech Research Institute 849 reviews Georgia Tech Savannah is a satellite campus of the Atlanta-based Georgia Institute of Technology. It is located in Savannah, Georgia, nea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
