
 
 
 
 Software Developer - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Developer MIT 381 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time MIT 381 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity.
 Information on MIT’s COVID-19 vaccination requirement can be found at the bottom of this posting. 
 
 SOFTWARE DEVELOPER ,  Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) , to play a key role in the evolution, operation, and educational research use of MIT App Inventor. Will function as a core leader in App Inventor technology and in the community of students, teachers, hobbyists, and others surrounding App Inventor.
 
 
App Inventor allows beginning students and others without programming experience to create mobile applications for Android and iOS devices. It currently supports one million active users each month who among them have built over 63 million apps. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 REQUIRED : bachelor’s degree in computer science/computer engineering or related engineering field; five years’ experience/familiarity with Java, JavaScript, Android, and/or iOS platforms; three years’ experience in a production software position that included responsibility for large implementations; comfort with a variety of programming paradigms, including functional programming in dynamic languages, server-side technologies, and web client technologies like AJAX; experience on a development team that has implemented a system that has been successfully deployed to a diverse set of users in a web environment; previous operational responsibility for a system with thousands of active users; effective written communication and presentation skills; familiarity with current work in educational technology, including App Inventor, Scratch, and StarLogo TNG; ability to participate in the global research community around educational technology and the design of programming tools for learners; an interest in education and fostering creativity; and ability to work as part of a diverse, creative team.  PREFERRED : master’s degree in a relevant technical field and familiarity with and experience building conversational AI tools using platforms such as Amazon Alexa, Google Home, etc.  Job #19940 
 
This position is funded for one year with the potential to renew. MIT 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at MIT in Cambridge, MA Software Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT MIT 381 reviews The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
