
 
 
 
 AI Education Coordinator - Lexington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Education Coordinator MIT Lincoln Laboratory 107 reviews Lexington, MA MIT Lincoln Laboratory 107 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company MIT Lincoln Laboratory (LL) is a Department of Defense Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) chartered to develop advanced technology in support of national security. Research and development activities focus on long-term technology development as well as rapid system prototyping and demonstration. The Laboratory works with government and industry to transition new concepts, technology and prototypes into future system development and deployment. 
 
Job Summary 
 
Group 01, Artificial Intelligence (AI) Technology, is seeking a specialist to coordinate a variety of educational efforts focused on supporting national-level efforts to strengthen the government AI workforce. Group 01 develops fundamental, cross-cutting, and enabling AI technologies to solve complex challenges and advance AI for the nation. In close collaboration with groups across the Laboratory and with the academic community, especially MIT, our research team is working at the frontier in AI research. 
 
 The successful candidate will join the team to coordinate AI education efforts – including online courses, in-person conferences and workshops, and hybrid offerings – for a variety of audiences, including developers, military personnel, program officers, and senior leaders. This includes working closely with technical staff and MIT LL, academic collaborators at MIT, and external sponsors and collaborators. 
 
Major Responsibilities 
 
Primary responsibilities include: 
 Coordination and project management (manage activities, timeline, track progress and deliverables) for multiple education projects 
 Advise on course content, structure, and delivery methodology 
 Assist with the preparation of course materials
 Build out courses using the MIT and MIT LL online platforms 
 Provide support for course execution (classroom management)
 Track and report key metrics for courses
 Review course curricula, identify any gaps and make recommendations for areas of improvement 
 Serve as an expert advisor on education best practices to technical staff
 Maintain current knowledge on latest thinking in education delivery
 Other Responsibilities 
 Consult on MIT LL technical programs that contain an educational component 
 Assist in the planning and execution of an annual week-long AI-focused conference 
 Contribute broadly to education efforts across the Lab, including community STEM outreach (K-12 or university level), Beaverworks Summer Institute initiatives, and education / training efforts for gov’t sponsored programs as needed 
 Requirements 
 Technical degree in education, curriculum development, business/project management, computer science, mathematics, engineering, related degree, or work experience. MS or equivalent experience desirable.
 A minimum of 5 years of teaching, curriculum development, professional development, or project management, or overseeing relevant activities.
 Excellent communication skills and ability to work across multiple disciplines with a variety of communication styles. 
 Excellent organizational skills and previous success at handling numerous projects simultaneously.
 Familiarity with online course delivery platforms. 
 Familiarity with machine learning and/or programming in Python desirable. 
 For Benefits Information, click http://hrweb.mit.edu/benefits 
 
 Selected candidate will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret level DoD security clearance. 
 
 MIT Lincoln Laboratory is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, veteran status, disability status, or genetic information; U.S. citizenship is required. 
 
 Requisition ID:  34558 MIT Lincoln Laboratory 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Education Coordinator jobs in Lexington, MA Jobs at MIT Lincoln Laboratory in Lexington, MA Education Coordinator salaries in Lexington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT Lincoln Laboratory MIT Lincoln Laboratory 107 reviews MIT Lincoln Laboratory, headquartered in Lexington, MA, is a U.S. Department of Defense research and development center chartered to appl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
