
 
 
 
 Sr. Class A Surface Designer - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Class A Surface Designer Altair Engineering 88 reviews California Contract Altair Engineering 88 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Transforming the Future with Convergence of Simulation and Data 
 
Sr. Class A Surface Designer 
 
Job Summary: 
 
Our client in Torrance, CA is looking for a Sr. Class A Surface Designer. This is a contract position. 
 
What You Will Do: 
 
Basics: 
 
This role is responsible for Class A surface development from concept to production. 
 
 Creates High Quality Interior and/or Exterior Surface Data utilizing CATIA V5/ICEM. (Alias Considered) 
 Supports Styling Team by presenting Data Proposals and Styling Solutions based on Sketch, Scan, or verbal input. 
 Works together with Engineers to incorporate high level feasibility for Class A final tooling data. 
 Collaborates with many cross-functional Team members including, Aero, Fabrication, -Digital & Clay Modeling, & Project Leadership. 
 Utilizes Parametric Modeling, including Templates, Macros, & Power Copies for efficiency and quick Styling proposals. Qualifications 
 Expert level CATIA V5/ICEM user. (Catia V6 is a big plus) (Expert level Alias also considered). 
 Extensive Class A Surface experience working from existing data, sketch, and scan data. 
 Must have Automotive Design Studio Experience working on Production Interiors and/or Exteriors. 
 Deep understanding of Theoretical Intersections, Curve relationships, Smoothing, & G3 
 Curvature Continuous Curves. 
 Thorough knowledge in Highlights, Curve Analysis, Draft, & min Radius Tools. -Understands fundamental basics of Injection Molded Plastics and/or Sheet Metal Stamping. 
 Detail Oriented with Appearance Quality, encompasses a deep understanding of Fit & Finish, Gaps, & Flushness. 
 Comfortable in a fast pace environment, adapts quickly to changes, and flexible with tight schedules. 
 Critical Competencies: Self-Motivation, Communication, Interpersonal skills, Customer Satisfaction, Process Improvement, Time Management, Presentation, & Organizational Skills, Credibility & Trust, Problem Solving, Goal-Oriented, Flexibility & Adaptability, Ethics & Integrity, Values Diversity & Inclusion 
 
 How You Will Be Successful: 
 
 Envision the Future 
 Communicate Honestly and Broadly 
 Seek Technology and Business “First” 
 Embrace Diversity and Take Risks 
 
 What We Offer: 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 Comprehensive Benefit Package 
 401(k) with matching contributions 
 Paid Time Off 
 Employee Discounts 
 Free training on all Altair products 
 
 Why Work with Us: 
 
Altair is a global technology company that provides software and cloud solutions in the area of data analytics, product development, and high-performance computing (HPC). Altair enables organizations in nearly every industry to compete more effectively in a connected world, while creating a more sustainable future. With more than 3,000 engineers, scientists, and creative thinkers in 25 countries, we help solve our customer’s toughest challenges and deliver unparalleled service, helping the innovators innovate, drive better decisions, and turn today’s problems into tomorrow’s opportunities.
 Our vision is to transform customer decision making with data analytics, simulation, and high-performance computing. 
 
For more than 30 years, we have been helping our customers integrate electronics and controls with mechanical design to expand product value, develop AI, simulation and data-driven digital twins to drive better decisions, and deliver advanced HPC and cloud solutions to support unlimited idea exploration. To learn more, please visit altair.com 
 
Ready to go? #ONLYFORWARD
 At our core we are explorers; adventures; pioneers. We are the brains behind some of the world’s most revolutionary innovations and are not only comfortable in new and unchartered waters, we dive headfirst. We are the original trailblazers that make the impossible possible, discovering new solutions to our customer’s toughest challenges. 
 
Altair is an equal opportunity employer. Our backgrounds are diverse, and every member of our global team is critical to our success. Altair’s history demonstrations a belief that empowering each individual authentic voice reinforces a culture that thrives because of the uniqueness among our team. Altair Engineering 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Designer jobs in California Jobs at Altair Engineering in California Senior Designer salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from Altair Engineering Altair Engineering 88 reviews Altair Engineering is an American product design and development, engineering software and cloud computing software company. Altair was f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
