
 
 
 
 Senior Business Development Manager - Artificial Intelligence - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Business Development Manager - Artificial Intelligence Microsoft 7,267 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission. 
In this Business Development Director role, you will have the exceptional opportunity to deliver corporate-level leadership for highly strategic growth opportunities and identify, architect, negotiate and drive successful execution of deals with partners and customers. This is not only about delivering impact to our customers and partners, but this role can meaningfully impact the direction and acceleration of success for our customers and partners on a global basis. 
This role in the Artificial Intelligence, Mixed Reality & Silicon team within Business Development focuses on our AI at Scale efforts, extending our core value in AI supercomputing, system and kernel software, AI Platform and large AI Models, and through innovative partnerships and high-quality management of key partner relationships. 
Responsibilities 
Customer and Partner Focus 
Leverages internal and external network to develop new strategic relationships with senior business and technical decision makers; develops relationships as a trusted advisor for a particular line of business; provides industry insights internally.
 Articulates the value of Microsoft solutions in the context of the customer's perspective, leveraging knowledge of customer and partner business priorities and/or drivers and anticipating changes and actions to influence decision making, identify opportunities, and influence the product roadmap. 
Partnership Strategy 
Executes and applies value propositions, amending the framework as appropriate to create a partnerships with customers and partners. Influences internal stakeholders and partners and promotes the value of opportunities. 
Positions the Microsoft value proposition versus competitors and works with stakeholders to influence product roadmap to meet customer needs, leveraging knowledge of Microsoft and customer issues in conjunction with product/industry teams to establish a foundation for future opportunities in competitive situations through collaboration. Provides insight on industry and/or competitive trends and drives action based on insights.
 Identifies and collaborates with a diverse set of stakeholders to develop plans to source deals that target high-priority gaps across technology, product, business, and/or geography. Identifies opportunities and strategy and maps target customers/partners; utilizes data (e.g., usage, revenue) to inform internal and external decisions; provides input into recommendations on partners. 
Negotiation 
Leads deal opportunities across deal stages (e.g., Strategic Approval (SA), Approval to Negotiate (A2N), Final Go-no-go (FGNG)). Represents Microsoft in key customer and partner interactions and recommends deal structures, leveraging experience to articulate key deal terms. Collaborates proactively to close opportunities and scale the business. Identifies opportunities for customized approaches. Identifies negotiation scenarios and manages executive escalations. Manages stakeholders to gain consensus and ensure internal alignment. 
Deal Management/Governance 
Develops plans for managing deals, including communications and reporting with Microsoft stakeholders. Resolves blocking issues using known techniques.
 Collaborates with customers, partners, and Microsoft colleagues to develop post-deal governance and ensure design, communication, and alignment in creation and implementation of execution plans across a portfolio of deals within a particular domain; ensures customers and partners are prepared for implementation. Develops KPIs to demonstrate achieved business value. Troubleshoots complex issues and course corrects as appropriate. Articulates alternatives to blockers across a body of deals to develop consistent deal negotiation policy and drive application of scalable resolutions. 
Qualifications 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
Planning and Strategy: Business strategy and market development expertise with deep analytical and business modeling skills. Ability to make decisions based on strong 360-degree strategic thinking is critical to success in the role.
 Passion: Lead great end to end customer experience including technology services that open new growth opportunities and innovations in business models and partner alliances. 
Influence: Experience influencing and driving results in a complex and highly ambiguous technical and business environment including ability to communicate and influence all levels from senior executives on down and all functions (including, engineering, marketing, sales, finance and legal). 
Collaboration: Experience independently leading cross-disciplinary virtual teams and driving key business development initiatives for highly complex deals from creation to implementation in partnership with senior Microsoft executives.
 Team Management: Experience to manage and motivate a distributed team with strategic direction for large impact defining Artificial Intelligence and machine learning deals, acquisitions, and partnerships. 
Key interpersonal traits: Motivation, creativity, adaptability, unquestionable ethics and integrity, bias towards data-based decision making and a willingness to take calculated risks. 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
9+ years of experience in a business discipline which could include experience in business development, consulting, marketing, sales, partner management, finance, legal, or relevant product development/software engineering experience in a role that included external-facing engagement with customers or partners.
 Relevant experience in structuring, influencing and negotiating, and managing complex commercial deals and/or acquisitions. 
Understanding of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning services, pipeline and components as well as Artificial Intelligence applications and industry dynamics. 
Bachelor’s in business or related field. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
A strong understanding of, and experience related to Artificial Intelligence and machine learning solutions 
Solid understanding of Microsoft’s cloud offerings
 Higher degree or MBA preferred 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Business Development Manager jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Business Development Manager salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
