
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Product Marketer - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Product Marketer Intel 5,494 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
AI and deep learning are driving transformation in various industries globally. Defect detection on industrial assembly lines, medical diagnosis in hospital equipment, and retail shelf stock detection all rely on doing inferencing and computer vision at the Edge. Intel is expanding our OpenVINO product line and developing a new more comprehensive end-to-end AI platform is looking for a Developer Marketing Manager to join our team and drive developer scale and marketing programs to reach the targeted personas for the end-to-end AI platform. This is an exciting opportunity in a fast-paced startup style environment with career growth and leading the transformation of Intel's AI software business. We are looking for a highly motivated individual to work in an agile and dynamic team. 
 
Our team is responsible for crafting and executing a product growth and scaling strategy. We work in parallel with many organizations as an end-to-end marketing team: field marketing, demand gen or inbound, product marketing, outbound marketing and customer experience. 
 
You will be part of the Product Marketing and Developer Scale team. You will focus on understanding how developers use our platforms and tools to achieve success in AI. 
 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
 Develop positioning and messaging for a new end-to-end AI platform.  Define and deliver technical benefits and expertise to target audience, both for business and technical audiences.  Design and execute on the developer and end user marketing strategy for a new end-to-end AI platform.  Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders, including business development, product engineering, product management, sales and evangelism.  Measure programs, campaigns and initiatives for effectiveness and investment return analysis. 
Soft Skills: 
 Willingness to work in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.  Willingness to dig into the technical details. 
Qualifications 
Minimum Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in Business Analytics, Computer Science, Data Science, or related field. 
3+ years of experience in the following areas: 
 Technical product marketing or technical sales role.  Developer tools and apps ecosystem and/or technology products, with both business and technical audiences.  Deep learning, AI and data science.  Project management experience, with the ability to manage projects simultaneously, prioritize and meet critical deadlines. 
Inside this Business Group 
Employees of the Internet of Things Solutions Group (IOTG) have an exciting opportunity before them: To grow Intel's leadership position in the rapidly evolving IoT market by delivering the best silicon, software and services that meet a wide range of customer requirements - from Intel® Xeon® to Intel® Quark®. The group, a fresh, dynamic collaboration between Intel's Intelligent Solutions Group and Wind River Systems, utilizes assets from across all of Intel in such areas as industrial automation, retail, automobiles and aerospace. The IOTG team is dedicated to helping Intel drive the next major growth inflection through productivity and new business models that are emerging as a result of IoT. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Arizona, Phoenix;US, California, San Francisco;US, California, San Jose 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Marketer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Marketer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
