
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Systems Engineer II (TEX) - Irvine, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Systems Engineer II (TEX) DZYNE Technologies Irvine, CA Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description DZYNE Technologies
 Artificial Intelligence Systems Engineer II (TEX)
 Irvine, CA - Full Time
 
 Job Description: 
This position is a full-time engineering position at the Tube-Launch and Expendables (TEX) Division of DZYNE Technologies, Incorporated. The Flight Engineering team focuses on the development, integration, testing, and operation of intelligent Unmanned Air Systems (UAS) and their subsystems. This team has the responsibility to plan, simulate, coordinate, execute, analyze, and document ground and flight test efforts, and to communicate and implement necessary improvements to the system and its operational procedures. During flight operations, the AI systems flight engineering team is responsible for safe, effective remote operation of the system, and for overall mission success. This includes but is not limited to the roles of Aerial Vehicle Operator (AVO), Ground Station Operator (GSO), and Artificial Intelligence Operator (AIO).
 
The engineer must quickly understand new concepts, and employ knowledge of aircraft, navigation and control, and Artificial Intelligence to advance team efforts. The AI Systems flight engineering team works to rapidly analyze and troubleshoot complex problems, and then simulate and implement solutions related to the UAS platforms and their supporting hardware and software systems. This position serves as an integral part of the rest of the TEX division team and interfaces directly with the customer, and subcontractors with respect to integration, testing, and operation efforts.
 
 Essential Functions: 
Performs the planning, simulation, coordination, execution, analysis, and documentation of testing efforts related to the development and operation of the UAS platforms and their subsystems.
 Coordinates with manufacturing and design teams to validate hardware changes to the platforms, and to implement procedural changes to work instructions, system setup, and acceptance tests.
 
 Minimum Qualifications:  Minimum two (2) years of full-time relevant experience including.
 
Experience with UAV AI flight systems.
 Experience setting up systems to utilize and train artificial intelligent systems.
 Experience with design, integration, testing, and/or operation of complex systems.
 Direct experience with DOD and OGA customers and military bases.
 Experience in a military or aerospace environment.
 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Active FAA Part 107 License.
 Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint, and Word
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree
 Experience developing Artificial intelligent unmanned UAV’s
 Experience with integration, testing, and/or operation of Unmanned Air Systems
 Prior service in the US military
 Active FAA Class II Physical
 
 Familiar with DoD testing facilities and operations: 
Maintains and operates HIL and SIL packages to validate software and firmware changes
 Maintains and executes procedures related to the systems’ operations, including but not limited to technical manuals, operation manuals, and training packages
 Creates and executes testing strategies, procedures, and evaluation criteria to mitigate risk and to address system requirements
 Coordinates with test sites, safety boards, program leadership and other technical experts to organize test events.
 
 Typical Education/Experience: 
A Bachelor’s degree and two (2) years of relevant full-time experience with UAV’s and Artificial Intelligent systems.
 
 Physical Requirements: 
This position is subject to both inside and outside environmental conditions.
 This position may require the use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE).
 
 Security Clearance Prerequisites: 
US Citizenship Required
 Must be eligible for a DOD Security Clearance
 Must be willing to travel 10% - 40%
 Must be willing to travel overseas
 
DZYNE Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. DZYNE Technologies complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which our company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment. DZYNE Technologies 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior System Engineer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at DZYNE Technologies in Irvine, CA Senior System Engineer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from DZYNE Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
