
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Researchers- Autonomous Experiments and Materials Data - Golden, CO 80401 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Researchers- Autonomous Experiments and Materials Data National Renewable Energy Laboratory 109 reviews Golden, CO 80401 $68,000 - $112,200 a year  -   Full-time National Renewable Energy Laboratory 109 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $68,000 - $112,200 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Posting Title
 Postdoctoral Researchers- Autonomous Experiments and Materials Data
 .
 Location
 CO - Golden
 .
 Position Type
 Postdoc (Fixed Term)
 .
 Hours Per Week
 40
 .
 Mandatory COVID-19 Vaccination Protocols
 Employment at NREL is contingent upon your compliance with all NREL and DOE safety protocols and mitigation efforts directed at the COVID-19 pandemic. At present, NREL requires all employees to be immunized against COVID-19. Upon hire, new employees must be prepared to provide proof of vaccination on your first day of employment. All employees must have completed vaccinations by November 1, 2021.
 Working at NREL
 The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), located at the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in Golden, Colorado is the nation's primary laboratory for research and development of renewable energy and energy efficiency technologies.
 From day one at NREL, you’ll connect with coworkers driven by the same mission to save the planet. By joining an organization that values a supportive, inclusive, and flexible work environment, you’ll have the opportunity to engage through our eight employee resource groups, numerous employee-driven clubs, and learning and professional development classes.
 NREL supports inclusive, diverse, and unbiased hiring practices that promote creativity and innovation. By collaborating with organizations that focus on diverse talent pools, reaching out to underrepresented demographics, and providing an inclusive application and interview process, our Talent Acquisition team aims to hear all voices equally. We strive to attract a highly diverse workforce and create a culture where every employee feels welcomed and respected and they can be their authentic selves.
 Job Description
 A Postdoctoral researcher position is available in Materials, Chemistry and Computational Sciences Directorate, in the area of autonomous experimentation at the intercept of materials research and data science.
 The position involves automation of thin film physical vapor deposition equipment and its integration with machine learning algorithms, with the goal to demonstrate autonomous experimentation controlled by artificial intelligence.
 The postdoctoral researcher would also support existing research data infrastructure for high throughput experimental materials science, and development of the new data tools for harvesting, processing, and visualizing materials data.
 The position would support projects aimed at both demonstration of integrate experimental and data infrastructure for materials science, and using this materials research data infrastructure for discovery and design of solid state inorganic thin film materials.
 As this position involves applied multi-disciplinary research, successful candidates will exhibit strong communication skills, a high degree of curiosity, good work organization habits, and willingness to learn unfamiliar topics.
 .
 Basic Qualifications
 Must be a recent PhD graduate within the last three years. PhD in Material Science, Physics, Chemistry, Computer Science or related fields.
 .
 Additional Required Qualifications
 Solid scientific background in both materials science and data science
 Proven track record in software engineering and data science
 Experience with Python and collaborative open source development practices (github, etc.)
 Demonstrated experience in thin film deposition and equipment automation
 Active programing skills in equipment control software such as LabView, Crimson or similar
 Good working knowledge of statistical data analysis and software development
 Established track record in scientific writing, presentation, publishing, and communication
 Strong self-motivation, ability to work on collaborative projects, multitasking capability
 Preferred Qualifications
 Preferred Qualifications
 Any of the additional prior experiences would be considered a plus:
 prior hands-on skills with hardware and software for autonomous experimentation
 prior experience with high-throughput experimental (combinatorial) research methods
 prior knowledge of thin film inorganic solid state materials, such as oxides or nitrides
 basic understanding of computational materials research methods such as DFT or MD
 basic understanding of the full software stack from databases to web user interfaces
 experience working with data in multiple formats and writing software to parse these data
 experience using, tuning, and customizing off-the-shelf machine learning algorithms (e.g., scikitlearn) and experimental design including cross-validation and performance analysis
 experience with neural network frameworks including but not limited to tensorflow, keras and/or pytorch
 prior work experience (e.g. intern) in an industrial or laboratory research & development setting
 .
 Annual Salary Range (based on full-time 40 hours per week)
 Annual Salary Range: $68,000 - $112,200
 Offers will typically be made in the bottom half of the listed range. NREL takes into consideration a candidate’s education, training, and experience, as well as the position's work location, expected quality and quantity of work, required travel (if any), external market and internal value, including seniority and merit systems, and internal pay alignment when determining the salary level for potential new employees. In compliance with the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, a potential new employee’s salary history will not be used in compensation decisions.
 Benefits Summary
 Benefits include medical, dental, and vision insurance; short-term disability insurance*; pension benefits*; 403(b) Employee Savings Plan with employer match*; life and accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D) insurance; personal time off (PTO) and sick leave; and paid holidays. NREL employees may be eligible for, but are not guaranteed, performance-, merit-, and achievement- based awards that include a monetary component. Some positions may be eligible for relocation expense reimbursement.
 *  Based on eligibility rules
 Submission Guidelines
 Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at NREL you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. Applications are not kept on file for future positions. Please include a cover letter and resume with each position application.
 .
 EEO Policy
 NREL is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.
 EEO is the Law  |  Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination  |  Reasonable Accommodations
 E  -Verify  www.dhs.gov/E-Verify  |For information about right to work, click  here  for English or  here  for Spanish.
 E-Verify is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. This business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce. National Renewable Energy Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Golden, CO Jobs at National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden, CO Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Golden, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Renewable Energy Laboratory 109 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
