
 
 
 
 Freelance Writer – Parenting / Child Development Articles & Blogs - Pasadena, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Freelance Writer – Parenting / Child Development Articles & Blogs Embodied Inc. Pasadena, CA Remote Part-time Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Embodied, Inc. is a technology company founded by veteran roboticist Paolo Pirjanian (iRobot, Evolution Robotics) with the conviction that the next big wave of technology will be driven by human-machine interfaces that are socially aware and intelligent. 
 
Embodied’s veteran team of technologists, neuroscientists, child development specialists, and creative storytellers have been entirely reinventing human-machine interaction to enable realistic and intuitive interactions similar to humans. Through extensive research, they developed a breakthrough technology platform, SocialX™, that incorporates advanced AI and machine-learning to support fluid conversation, body language, eye contact, and emotions. 
 
The first iteration of this technology is Moxie™, an animated companion for children developed to help promote social, emotional, and cognitive learning. Recognized by TIME magazine as one of the Best Inventions of 2020, Moxie™ has been called “the robot pal you dreamed of as a kid” (Wired Magazine), “the robot that could be your child’s or parent’s new best friend” (Fast Company), and “a technically impressive childhood robot” (TechCrunch). You can learn all about Moxie™ and see how Embodied (one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2021) works at: embodied.com 
 
 
Position Summary 
 
Embodied is looking for an experienced Freelance Writer with a background writing parenting and/or mental health-focused blogs and articles, to support ongoing marketing activities. The ideal candidate is an excellent writer and loves to tell stories that engage and inspire, address complex child development topics, and align with Embodied’s mission of child development through social, emotional, and cognitive learning. 
 
Responsibilities include: 
 
 Research, write and edit engaging, parent-focused content related to the 5-to 10-year-old age range, covering general child development and/or mental health, developmental and behavioral issues in children. 
 Identify and prepare weekly thought leadership blog topics and short-form articles to drive traffic, educate website visitors and a growing social media community, and demystify the topic of child development through social, emotional and cognitive learning. 
 Maintain and provide enhancements to existing content. 
 Understand Embodied’s audience and content goals and execute those goals while maintaining high editorial standards. 
 
 
Minimum Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor's degree in Writing, Communication, Marketing or a related field is required. 
 Published writer with exceptional writing, editing and proofreading skills. 
 Proficient grammar and punctuation, with a working knowledge of the Associated Press stylebook. 
 Ability to research new topics, interview subjects, and fact check details. 
 Must be creative and able to identify and pitch interesting topics relevant to Embodied’s audience. 
 Have a professional, consistent and engaging writing style that encourages readers to share on social media and elsewhere. 
 Ability to align with our keyword strategy and write SEO-friendly content 
 Team player, but with strong organizational skills and the ability to work independently to meet tight deadlines. 
 
 
Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Published writer with articles covering parenting and/or child development issues. 
 Interested in AI, robotics and/or digital technology. 
 Knowledge of common child mental, development and behavioral disorders 
 Familiar with content requirements for common social media platforms is preferred: Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, TikTok, YouTube and LinkedIn. 
 
 
At Embodied, we support diversity and we are an equal opportunity workplace. 
 
 
Location:  Pasadena, CA. But exceptional remote applicants may be considered. 
 
 Seniority Level:  Associate 
 Reports to:  Head of Sales and Marketing 
 Employment Type:  Part-time 
 
 Contact us at:  join@embodied.me 
 Engineering 
Software Engineer, Robot Systems Pasadena
 Principal Game Engineer Pasadena
 Tools Engineer (Python) Pasadena
 Business 
Chief Marketing Officer Pasadena
 Head of Human Resources Pasadena
 Business Development Manager/Director Pasadena
 Social Media and Digital Marketing Associate Pasadena
 Graphic Design & Video Editor – Digital & Print Pasadena
 Freelance Writer – Parenting / Child Development Articles & Blogs Pasadena Embodied Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Freelance Writer jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at Embodied in Pasadena, CA Freelance Writer salaries in Pasadena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Embodied Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
