
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Architect, Manager - Applied Artificial Intelligence - Columbus, OH 43215 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Architect, Manager - Applied Artificial Intelligence Deloitte 10,220 reviews Columbus, OH 43215 Full-time Deloitte 10,220 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Limited immigration sponsorship may be available. 
 
 
 
 Work you'll do
 
At Deloitte you will manage and deliver components of client engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions for large companies. Key responsibilities will include:
 
 Architect, position, design, develop and deploy enterprise solutions which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Services
 Manage teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures.
 Formulate planning, budgeting, forecasting and reporting strategies.
 Manage full life cycle implementations.
 Develop statements of work and/or client proposals.
 Identify business opportunities to increase usability and profitability of information architecture.
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.
 Develop and manage vendor relationships.
 Lead workshops for client education.
 Manage resources and budget on client projects.
 Assist and drive the team by providing oversight. 
 
 
 The team 
 Analytics & Cognitive 
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. 
 
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting enterprise programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. 
 
The Analytics& Cognitive team works with our clients to: 
 
 Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based as well as client-owned platforms
 Deploy automation and cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions
 Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 6+ years of relevant work experience
 2+ years of experience leading and managing project teams
 Travel up to 50% of the time (While 50% travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.) 
 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 2+ years of consulting experience on AI projects
 
 Experience architecting, designing, developing and deploying enterprise solutions, based on client or business vision, which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Science
 
 Experience in Hadoop, Spark, Storm or related paradigms and associated languages such as Pig, Hive, Mahout, plus advanced skills in Java/C++, R, Python, etc.
 
 Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA. SAS/Base, SAS/Stat, SAS/Macro preferred
 
 Demonstrated expertise in at least one of the following: machine learning, deep learning, time-series modeling, propensity and prediction, behavioral nudges, recommenders, anomaly detection, segmentation, AI architecture, AI interface design
 
 Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.g., Decision Trees, Naive Bayes Classification, Ordinary Least Squares Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, Ensemble Methods, Clustering Algorithms, Principal Component Analysis, Singular Value Decomposition, Independent Component Analysis)
 
 In-depth theoretical and practical knowledge in a few select areas from across the AI spectrum
 
 Bachelor's Degree preferably in applied mathematics, statistics, computer science, data science, electrical engineering, physics, or closely related field
 
 Formal training in one or many of the following: signal processing, optimization, machine learning, linear algebra
 
 Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.g., prediction models, behavioral analytics, etc.)
 
 2+ years' experience working with Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/Sagemaker, MS LUIS Chat, MS Azure Cognitive/ML
 
 Expertise in 2+ domains preferred (e.g., Customer & Marketing, Finance, M&A, Operations, Pricing, Risk, Supply Chain, Workforce, etc.). Example of expertise includes:
 
 Supply Chain: Knowledge of operations, manufacturing, quality or operations strategy for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device organizations
 
 Payments: Experience with use cases such as fraud detection, cashierless stores, hyper-personalized credit scores, enhanced customer service, etc.
 
 Customer: Experience with use cases such as reduce customer churn, accurately price products / services, increase up-sell / cross-sell, reduce service Center call times, etc.
 
 HR: Experience with use cases such as improve workforce / role matching, workforce optimization, increase learning effectiveness, align total rewards by employee type, etc.
 
 IT: Experience with use cases such as optimize infrastructure use, optimize system / application performance, reduce IT security breaches, etc.
 
 Risk: Experience with use cases such as improve safety/standards compliance, improve fraud detection, improve regulatory compliance
 
 Operations: Experience with use cases such as eliminate underperforming SKUs, optimize fleet size and logistics, optimize inventory management
 
 Strong experience running pursuits
 
 Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a concise and actionable manner
 
 Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.
 
 Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) (US Practitioners)
 
 Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment
 
 An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred 
 
 
 aitecharch 
 
 
 
 
 A&C_Consulting21 Deloitte 23 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Architect jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Deloitte in Columbus, OH Architect salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,220 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
