
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Scientist - Austin, TX 78759 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Scientist Pattern Bioscience Austin, TX 78759 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Pattern Bioscience, we’re tackling antibiotic resistance, named by the CDC as one of the biggest public health challenges of our time. We use AI and single-cell analysis to quickly recognize the bacteria causing an infection and to predict which drugs will cure the infection, even if it is multi-drug-resistant. 
 
 Our team is brought together by a shared passion for our mission to cure and prevent antibiotic-resistant infections, improving one of the world's most important health decisions. We’re not just invested in combating antibiotic resistance; we’re also invested in our people. 
We are looking for a passionate Machine Learning Scientist to streamline and enhance our data analysis and feature engineering. You will design and implement algorithms that transform our raw image data into representations suitable for our downstream prediction models, and you will derive insights through data analysis and visualization.  Your colleagues will be multi-disciplinary and include microbiologists, material scientists, chemists, biomedical and mechanical engineers. We are seeking a talented individual who will embrace our mission and flourish in a dynamic, rigorous, and entrepreneurial environment. 
 How You Will Contribute 
Leverage image processing, machine learning, and other statistical methods to optimize our data reduction and feature engineering pipelines. 
Quantify the efficacy of your various algorithms using statistical analysis. 
Build tools to automate or streamline assay quality assurance. 
Analyze data produced from multiple sources of our platform to derive new insights. 
Transform complex data into simple to understand stories through data visualization. 
 Core Competencies Required 
Strong data visualization techniques and passionate about telling visual stories with data. 
Machine learning. 
Experience with biological sample images. 
Image segmentation, object tracking, computer vision, image classification, object detection. 
A strong background in numerical analysis, image and signal processing. 
Fluency in at least Python, C++ or C. 
Experience with OpenCV or similar frameworks. 
 We'd Love to Hear From You if You 
Have an outstanding work ethic and passion for multi-disciplinary product development.
 Have a drive to innovate, find and solve problems. 
Are insightful, capable of working independently, and enjoy working in a collaborative setting.
 Are a continuous learner and inherently curious. 
Are a problem-solver, including identifying problems no one else has anticipated. 
 Education & Experience 
Ph.D. or M.S. in Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, or physical sciences like Chemistry or Physics. 
5-8 years' industry experience applying data science to complex problems. 
 Join us! 
We're excited for what you can bring to our team. Here are a few things we provide to make sure you have a great experience. Learn more about our team by visiting our website. 
 
Benefits Health insurance 401k Matching Paid Time Off Transparent leadership The opportunity to make a global impact and pioneer consequential solutions 
 
We value diversity on our teams. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Pattern Bioscience 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Pattern Bioscience in Austin, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pattern Bioscience Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
