
 
 
 
 Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning - Raleigh, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning NC State University 1,105 reviews Raleigh, NC NC State University 1,105 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Department of Computer Science invites applications for the Goodnight Distinguished Professor in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning position. The candidate will demonstrate a solid record as a researcher, teacher, and thought leader in Artificial Intelligence. The candidate will have worldwide recognition and stature, indicated by a record that includes supervision of doctoral and postdoctoral research, influential publications, impact on practice, and service to the community. Participation in both undergraduate and graduate instruction will be expected. Ability to attract external funding for and conduct research programs supportive of the Departmentâ??s areas of strengths (including Software Engineering, Security, Systems, Networking, Data Driven Sciences, Geospatial Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Games) on a continued basis. Direct graduate student research in the different areas of Computer Science. The Distinguished Professor will assist in curriculum planning; create and deliver new classes, and engage in research, consulting, and outreach activities.
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Candidates must possess a Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or a related field with an emphasis on Artificial Intelligence. Candidates must have demonstrated the potential to build a strong research program and must have an excellent teaching record. Candidates should possess excellent teaching skills and an ability to attract external funding for and conduct research programs supportive of the Department's areas of strength (including Software Engineering, Security, Systems Networking, Data Driven Sciences, Geospatial Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Games). Excellent verbal and writing skills are required.
 Position Number:
 00106096
 Posting Date:
 09/03/2019
 Closing Date:
 American Recovery & Reinvestment Act Funded: University of North Carolina 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Raleigh, NC Jobs at NC State University in Raleigh, NC Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Raleigh, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from NC State University 1,105 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
