
 
 
 
 Scientist, Health Data Scientist - Cambridge, MA 02142 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist, Health Data Scientist Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Cambridge, MA 02142 Company Summary: 
 
FL84, Inc. is a privately held early-stage company that is leveraging advanced biological and computational tools to develop breakthroughs in both detection and intervention needed to secure our health. More specifically, FL84 is pairing various 'omics technologies with deep analyses of clinical data to map the underlying transition from health to disease. 
 
FL84 was founded by Flagship Pioneering, an innovation enterprise dedicated to originating and developing first-in-category life sciences companies. Since Flagship's founding in 2000, the firm has originated and fostered the development of nearly 100 scientific ventures resulting in $20+ billion in aggregate value, 500+ issued patents, and more than 50 clinical trials for novel therapeutic agents. Flagship-founded companies include Moderna Therapeutics, Rubius Therapeutics, Evelo Biosciences, and Indigo Agriculture. 
 
Position Summary: 
 
We are seeking an individual who is enthusiastic about developing, learning and applying computational skills to understand complex clinical trajectories from healthy to disease. The role will include significant hands-on analyses of clinical data such as electronic health records, insurance claims, laboratory measurements, images, and genetic data. The candidate will work closely with the computational biology team to develop insights and novel prediction platforms for different stages of the journey from health to disease. An ideal candidate will pride themselves on their interest and potential in crafting scientifically explainable stories out of complex data and convert them into executable clinical study designs. The position will provide a unique opportunity to play a foundational role in the development of FL84's preclinical platform. 
 
Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Work with FL84 team to develop and apply novel ML models (e.g., disease progression models, among others) on clinical data (EHR, insurance claims, labs, imaging, narrative notes, etc.) 
 Develop prediction algorithms to forecast major changes in individuals' health with reasonably high success 
 Extract information from literature and large public databases for predictive model refinement and real-world application 
 Ideate on how to align time-series biological data with clinically relevant inflection points identified in electronic health records, clinical trials, or other sources 
 Identify and explore internal and external clinical datasets to address questions critical to FL84's core objectives and generate testable hypotheses 
 Develop clear, intuitive visualizations and communicate analysis results via presentations to a multi-disciplinary audience 
 Cultivate a data-centric and process-oriented company philosophy by helping to maintain best practices for software development, data management, and infrastructure 
 
 Basic Requirements: 
 
 PhD or equivalent level of experience in applying machine learning/artificial intelligence to large-scale clinical data. PhD may be in Biomedical Informatics, Bioinformatics, Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, or similar technical fields 
 Demonstrated experience applying traditional and deep learning models to electronic health record or administrative claims data 
 Fluency in Python and experience with R and SQL 
 Familiarity with AWS or similar cloud-computing services 
 Ability to thrive in an entrepreneurial and multidisciplinary environment 
 
 Preferred Requirements : 
 
 Experience in one or more of the following areas/topics: predictive models (classification or regression); regularization; recurrent, convolutional, graph, and/or transformer neural networks; and model explainability 
 Experience running genome wide association studies (GWAS) 
 Ability to Google error messages and seek resolution from self-investigation 
 
 
Flagship Pioneering and our ecosystem companies are  committed to equal employment opportunity  regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. 
 
Recruitment & Staffing Agencies : Flagship Pioneering and its affiliated Flagship Lab companies (collectively, "FSP") do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to FSP or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Flagship Pioneering's internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of FSP, and FSP will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto. Flagship Pioneering, Inc. 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Flagship Pioneering in Cambridge, MA Data Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
