
 
 
 
 Data Engineer - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer Rockstar Games 22 reviews San Diego, CA Full-time Rockstar Games 22 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Data Engineer 
 
At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences. 
 
A career at Rockstar Games is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding and ambitious projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a dedicated and inclusive environment where you can learn and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry. 
 
Rockstar Games is seeking a Data Engineer to join a team focused on building a cutting-edge game analytics platform and tools to better understand our players and enhance their experience in our games. This is a full-time permanent position based out of Rockstar's unique game development studio in the heart of Manhattan. 
 
The ideal candidate will be skilled in developing complex ingestion and transformation processes with an emphasis on reliability and performance. In collaboration with other data engineers, database administrators, and developers, the candidate will empower the team of analysts and data scientists to deliver data driven insights and applications to company stakeholders. 
 
WHAT WE DO 
 
 The Rockstar Analytics team provide insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making. 
 We work in collaboration with several departments to design and implement stream and batch data pipelines and machine learning applications. 
 We innovate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data pipelines serving data products, data models, reports, analyses, and machine learning applications. 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Implement and support big data tools and frameworks such as HDFS, YARN, and Impala. 
 Build and support streaming and data processing frameworks such as Kafka, Spark, Spark-Streaming, Cassandra. 
 Deliver real time and near-real-time data and applications to provide insights and analytics applications for our stakeholders. 
 Support the development of deployment automation and operational support strategies. 
 Assist in the development of a big data platform in Hadoop using pipeline technologies such as Spark, Airflow and more to support a variety of requirements and applications. 
 Set the standards for warehouse and schema design in massively parallel processing engines such as Hadoop and Snowflake while collaborating with analysts and data scientist in the creation of efficient data models. 
 Build scalable ML/AI application with production scale. 
 Develop data monitoring framework to ensure highest data quality. 
 Maintain and extend our CI/CD processes and documentation. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 2+ years of work experience with ETL/ELT, data modeling, business intelligence or Machine Learning on Big Data Platform. 
 2+ years of experience with the Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Spark, Oozie, Impala, etc.) and big data ecosystems (Kafka, Cassandra, etc.). 
 Knowledge of at least one SQL language such as T-SQL, PL/SQL or SnowSQL. 
 Experience architecting, developing, and managing data warehouses on a terabyte or petabyte scale. 
 Solid experience in massively parallel processing & columnar databases (Hive, Impala, Cassandra, MongoDB, Snowflake, Kudu, etc). 
 Experience working with Real-Time streaming and batch processing and/or machine learning pipelines. 
 Experience with Python, Java and shell scripting. 
 Experience working in a Linux environment. 
 
 SKILLS 
 
 Deep understanding of advanced data warehousing concepts and track record of applying these concepts on the job. 
 Ability to manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritizing when necessary. 
 Good communication skills. 
 Dynamic team player. 
 A passion for technology. 
 
 PLUSES 
 
Please note that these are desirable skills and are not required to apply for the position. 
 
 Experience with event processing frameworks or ML Frameworks. 
 Experience with Spark-ML or AzureML. 
 Experience in Lambda architecture. 
 Experience with CI/CD. 
 Familiar with Restful APIs. 
 Experience with Artifact Repositories. 
 Knowledge of the video game industry. 
 HOW TO APPLY 
 
Please apply with a resume and cover-letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process. 
 
Rockstar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to hiring, promoting, and compensating employees based on their qualifications and demonstrated ability to perform job responsibilities. 
 
If you've got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, or race. Rockstar Games 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Rockstar Games in San Diego, CA Data Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rockstar Games Rockstar Games 22 reviews Rockstar Games is a  multinational video game developer and publisher based in New York City, owned by Take-Two Interactive following its... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
