
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Engineer - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Engineer Reddit 3 reviews Illinois Remote Reddit 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. "The front page of the internet," Reddit brings over 430 million people together each month through their common interests, inviting them to share, vote, comment, and create across thousands of communities. 
 
The Core Machine Learning team at Reddit is a 10x team that owns recommendations, content discovery, user and content quantification, while directly impacting other teams such as Growth and Ads. 
 
How You'll Have Impact: 
 
As the 6th largest site on the internet, Reddit generates billions of events and terabytes of data in a day. You will own projects from ideation to production instead of being stuck making small incremental gains on enterprise systems. We are looking for the best and the brightest Machine Learning Engineers/Scientists to join us in solving hard problems in order to create things that millions of users will love. We are a team of builders that value impact, personal growth, openness and kindness. 
 
What You'll Do 
 
You will be in the unique position to revolutionize personalized content discovery using Machine Learning techniques including Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Recommendation Systems, Representation Learning and Computer Vision. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Apply Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence to retrieve relevant results with optimal ranking. 
 Design Machine Learning solutions for Reddit's unique product challenges. 
 Extract intelligence from data by applying analysis and feature-engineering techniques. 
 Build Machine Learning models from Petabytes of data using the Google Cloud Platform. 
 Iterate on Machine Learning products based on the feedback from A/B experiments and product managers. 
 Deploy your model to serve millions of users. 
 Participate in the full software development cycle: design, develop, QA, deploy, experiment, and analyze. 
 Requirements: 
 4+ years of work experience as a Machine Learning Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer and a Bachelors Degree; or a combination of experience and education within Machine Learning, Data Science or Statistics. 
 Solid theoretical knowledge of Machine Learning and Statistical concepts, including Deep Learning, common Neural Network architectures as well as performance tradeoffs. 
 Experience with at least 2 of: Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch and Sklearn 
 Comfortable with distributed learning, big data (Petabyte scale) and data-intensive systems 
 The ability to extract insight from data 
 Proficient in Python and SQL 
 Passionate about building delightful products for users 
 Pluses: 
 Work experience in Recommendation Systems and Feeds-ranking a  very strong  plus 
 Knowledge of Natural Language Processing, Reinforcement Learning or Self Learning 
 The ability to understand and implement publications in the fields of Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning 
 Exposure to data-intensive systems as well as writing production-quality software 
 Familiarity with Google Cloud pipelines and Amazon s3 
 Scala reddit 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Illinois Jobs at Reddit in Illinois Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from Reddit Reddit 3 reviews Reddit (/ˈrɛdɪt/) is an entertainment, social networking, and news website where registered community members can submit content, such as... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
