
 
 
 
 Director, Conversational Artificial Intelligence Experience - Cincinnati, OH 45263 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Conversational Artificial Intelligence Experience Fifth Third Bank 2,396 reviews Cincinnati, OH 45263 Fifth Third Bank 2,396 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
 
Make banking a Fifth Third better® 
 
We connect great people to great opportunities. Are you ready to take the next step? Discover a career in banking at Fifth Third Bank. 
GENERAL FUNCTION: 
Guided by our Fifth Third Compass, we work hard to improve lives of our customers, our communities and our employees. We are on a mission to make banking simple, safe and seamless for our customers. As we are building strong customer-facing digital capabilities, we are also digitizing our operations to deliver delightful experiences to our customer when and where they need us. 
 
The Director, Conversational Artificial Intelligence Experience is responsible for developing and implementing strategies across the Artificial Intelligence Spectrum such as; chatbots, Virtual Agents, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning and Cognitive Services for Fifth Third Banking operations. The leader will also be responsible for evaluating our current end to end processes and to reimage and redesign those processes to enable conversational artificial intelligence in our servicing processes. The incumbent is responsible for working across the organization to influence leaders and organizations to think differently about delivery mechanisms. The Director must be a dynamic leader who is creative, collaborative and passionate about building intuitive solutions to improve customer experience. The ultimate outcome of the work will be to build customer trust through emotional connections and simplification of complex banking processes. 
 As a Conversational Artificial Intelligence Director, you will have an opportunity to: 
 
Design, Develop and Deploy enterprise strategy and roadmap for Artificial Intelligence servicing experience which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Services
 Develop business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, work-flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures to deploy artificial intelligence in our servicing processes.
 Develop and manage vendor relationships to enable 3rd party solutions for AI servicing. 
Work with executives and business unit stakeholders to define the problems to solve with AI. Help prioritize and rank the solutions and develop business cases to deploy intelligent solutions. 
Gather support and organize experts from business lines, data scientists, and engineers to create shared goals and specs for AI services. 
Develop and deploy Artificial Intelligence governance structure to manage the ongoing implementation of the Artificial Intelligence strategy. 
Perform gap analysis on existing data. Identify new data sources and develop data usage strategy for AI solutions. 
Collaborate with front end product owners and operations leaders to define measures of success for AI servicing experiences. 
Ensure operational digital management and governance is aligned with organizational needs, risk appetite and industry best practices. 
Be an ambassador of the Product, using verbal and written communication skillfully to convey how the product can help transform our business and delight our customers. 
 
You will be successful in this role if: 
You have a blend of customer empathy, design thinking, technical know-how and operational expertise to build intelligent servicing solutions. 
You have an analytical mindset and drive data driven hypothesis testing to improve customer experience. 
You embody Agile and Lean principles and have passion to solve customer problems. 
You have had success in an Agile Scrum environment that rapidly delivered value to customers. 
You have a learning mindset and are comfortable with ambiguity. 
Are collaborative and personify ego-free leadership. 
You excel in making trade-off decisions while ensuring compliance with rules and regulations. 
You have relevant experience in redesigning customer experience or leading operations in new customer acquisition, mortgage servicing, auto servicing, credit card servicing, collections and recoveries, digital messaging, bank customer disputes, payment processing or other relevant areas. 
 
LEADERSHIP RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsible for providing employees timely, candid and 
constructive performance feedback; developing employees to their fullest potential and providing challenging opportunities that enhance employee career growth while recognizing and rewarding employees' accomplishments. Assist in the development of appropriate talent pool to ensure adequate bench strength and succession planning. 
 
MINIMUM KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED: 
Bachelor's degree in Business, Technology or other related discipline. M.B.A. or equivalent advanced degrees preferred or equivalent professional experience. 
10+ years of professional experience in digital, operations and/or technology-related roles or commercial business roles with digital-connection. 
Relevant experience working in operations, product design, process analysis and improvement; including in areas such as new customer acquisition, mortgage servicing, auto servicing, credit card servicing, collections and recoveries, digital messaging, customer disputes, payment processing. 
Strong business acumen to quickly learn new business processes and understand how technology can support the business in achieving revenue and profit goals. 
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to successfully engage and influence. 
Expertise in defining and building out product roadmap and business models. 
Experience with bringing together cross functional teams and leading execution in an agile delivery model. 
Ability to influence stakeholders with diverse points of view and build coalition. 
Structured thinker, effective communicator with excellent written communication skills. 
Ability to prioritize projects and efforts according to business need and industry trends. 
Travel approximately 25% (domestic). 
Director, Operations Product and Experience Management-1 
LOCATION – Chicago or Cincinnati 
 
Fifth Third Bank is proud to have an engaged and inclusive culture and to promote and ensure equal employment opportunity in all employment decisions regardless of race, color, gender, national origin, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, military status, veteran status or any other legally protected status. 
Director, Conversational Artificial Intelligence Experience 
LOCATION - Cincinnati, Ohio 45227 
Fifth Third Bank, National Association is proud to have an engaged and inclusive culture and to promote and ensure equal employment opportunity in all employment decisions regardless of race, color, gender, national origin, religion, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, military status, veteran status or any other legally protected status. 
 
Locations 
Cincinnati-United States of America Fifth Third Bank 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Cincinnati, OH Jobs at Fifth Third Bank in Cincinnati, OH Director salaries in Cincinnati, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fifth Third Bank Fifth Third Bank 2,396 reviews Fifth Third Bank, National Association is one of the top-performing banks in the country, with a history that spans more than 150 years. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
