
 
 
 
 Director, Architecture-AWS - Merrimack, NH 03054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Architecture-AWS Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews Merrimack, NH 03054 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The successful Candidate for this role will become part of the Fidelity Personal Investing Architecture Chapter, which is a component within the overall “Spotify Model”, across the Personal Investing organization in Fidelity. 
We provide end-to-end architecture strategy and spearhead innovative solutions for our customers. This includes a very large realm of activities, including but not limited to: influencing product strategy, developing scalable solutions, partnering with squads in launching valuable and clear solutions to our customers. 
As Solution Architect, you will utilize your technical curiosities along with your domain expertise to develop innovative solutions. You have a passion for delivering solutions in a client obsessed environment that will give you opportunities to grow multi-dimensionally. 
The Team 
Fidelity Personal Investing Development teams provide direction and implementation to the experiences that enable our Retail customers to be financially successful. Your work, as part of the team, enables functionality developed throughout the firm to reach these customers and build the high-value interactions that will keep them coming back. As part of the team you will be able to impact the speed, efficacy, and scale of the technical solutions that will serve these customers through forward looking architectural designs as well as hands-on implementation. 
The Expertise You Have 
Proven desire/ability to learn and implement new technologies 
Experience or certification in Cloud-based (AWS, GCP) architecture is required 
Experience in micro-service based architecture is required 
Experience with multiple enterprise technologies would be beneficial 
Exposure to Agile development methodology is desired 
Exposure to front-end UI technologies would be required 
Experience with AI and ML technologies is desired 
Minimum Qualifications: 
BS degree in Computer Science or related software engineer field 
Experience with entire SDLC spectrum 
Preferred Qualifications: 
MS degree in Computer Science and related software engineer field. 
Experience as a Solution Architect or Technical Lead, crafting new solutions. 
Demonstrated Understanding and proven track record for cloud based solutions, continuous integration/deployment and serverless architecture. 
The Skills You Bring 
Your ability to work in a fast paced, highly matrix environment to achieve group goals 
Your desire and aptitude for learning new technologies 
Your previous experience using business requirements to develop technical designs and define architectural strategies and solutions 
Your ability to perform (or willingness to learn) the coding to deliver polyglot solutions that delight our customers 
Your willingness to partner effectively with your technology business partners 
Your dedication to sharing knowledge and providing mentorship to less experienced developers in their work 
Your ability to communicate problems and recommend solutions to project leaders 
Your excellent verbal and written communication skills 
The Value You Deliver 
Driving target architecture for various solutions in PI (Personal Investing) 
Developing prototypes and spearhead solutions in MVP, iterative approach 
Working with multiple squads using Agile/Scrum methodologies 
Providing technical expertise as requested by members of various scrum teams 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to complete the application or interview process. Please email us at accommodations @fmr.com or  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2 if you would like to request an accommodation. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Merrimack, NH Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Merrimack, NH Director salaries in Merrimack, NH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
