
 
 
 
 SVP, Medical Informatics - North Carolina - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SVP, Medical Informatics Change Healthcare 1,193 reviews North Carolina Remote Full-time Change Healthcare 1,193 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The SVP, Medical Informatics is a visionary leader responsible for leading clinical product innovation across the enterprise to ensure that Change Healthcare provides the leading informatics solutions and capabilities that our customers need to navigate the future of healthcare. This role will lead one senior leader focused on Operations Management for Network Solutions. 
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Functions as a clinical informatics subject matter expert supporting product strategy, business development, and sales into health systems, provider groups and other key markets. 
Works with product teams to set priorities based on market needs, applying knowledge of clinical use cases and workflows within Electronic Health Record systems (EHRs). 
Develops and maintains current knowledge on the use of AI and other informatics tools in clinical decision support, including applications to enable personalized medicine 
Works closely with Change Healthcare’s Marketing team to develop thought leadership and establish relationships with key clinical practice communities. 
Interprets industry trends, competitor’s activities, and healthcare data and technology advancements to conceptualize and develop areas where data and analytics can drive operating efficiencies and profitability for internal and external stakeholders. 
Initiate technology development, product development and automation processes that support strategically significant business opportunities and competitive advantage. 
Recommend and present the business case for new and innovative solutions for our customers. 
Function as a key contributor in the go-to-market strategy for new products and services. 
Support new product sales by providing clinical expertise, guidance, and feedback during strategic sales meetings, presentations, and product demonstrations to existing and prospective clients 
Establish Change Healthcare’s clinical credibility and highlight the clinical aspects of our platform and results with medical directors, Chief Medical Officers, clinical staff and others during client meetings and presentations. 
Create clinical buy-in for Change Healthcare’s product vision by working closely with operations, IT and sales 
Represent Change Healthcare as a thought leader with clients, investors, and business partners. 
Advises executive leadership on the subject of health informatics. 
MINIMUM JOB Qualifications 
Education / Training: 
Doctor of Medicine required 
Master’s Degree in healthcare informatics or technology-related field preferred 
Board Certification preferred 
Business Experience: 
Minimum of 10 years of experience in a clinical informatics role 
Minimum of 7 years leadership experience 
Specialized Knowledge / Skills: 
Expert knowledge of technology at the intersection of services and software, especially healthcare information systems. 
Deep understanding of informatics, data and statistics. 
Working knowledge of data governance, regulatory compliance, and privacy policies and best practices. 
Demonstrated experience in business planning and analysis with previous experience partnering with human resources, information technology, and legal functions 
Creative thinker who can quickly develop innovative ideas. 
Flexible and able to multitask; can work within an ambiguous, fast-moving environment, while also driving toward clarity and solutions; demonstrated resourcefulness in setting priorities and guiding investment in people and systems. 
Excellent collaboration and influencing skills, with an ability to partner with a dynamic leadership team and navigate enterprise politics and matrixed relationships. 
Excellent communication skills with the ability to translate vision, strategy and complex data into practical, actionable terms relatable to all levels of the organization and stakeholders. 
Possess personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and commitment to Change Healthcare’s Vision and Values. 
Working Conditions: 
Candidates for this position will be based in Boston, MA or remote 
Environment – Office environment, up to 40% travel required. 
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system! 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement 
 Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read  EEO is the Law  at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf. 
If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. 
Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy. 
California (US) Residents: By submitting an application to Change Healthcare for consideration of any employment opportunity, you acknowledge that you have read and understood Change Healthcare’s Privacy Notice to California Job Applicants Regarding the Collection of Personal Information. 
Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws. Change Healthcare 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Vice President jobs in North Carolina Jobs at Change Healthcare in North Carolina Senior Vice President salaries in North Carolina Company Info Follow Get job updates from Change Healthcare Change Healthcare 1,193 reviews Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We provide software and analyt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
