
 
 
 
 Recently Awarded PhDs or Postdocs Opportunities 2021-2022 - Laurel, MD 20724 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Recently Awarded PhDs or Postdocs Opportunities 2021-2022 Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews Laurel, MD 20724 Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Are you searching for a place to build upon the foundation of your academic work? 
 
Are you looking for meaningful work in a mission-driven, intellectual environment? 
 
 If so, we're looking for someone like you to join our team at APL! 
 
PhD level Engineers and Scientists are key members of the APL community. We are seeking the next generation of big thinkers to help us tackle the complex research, engineering, and analytical problems that present critical challenges to our nation. We value your unusual perspectives, creative thinking and disruptive ideas as essential to discovering defining innovations. 
 
At APL, you will work with dedicated team members, charged with developing and delivering solutions that support national priorities. You will be apply your exceptional skills in support of our mission. At APL, we are committed to innovation and offer our technical staff time and resources to explore big ideas that build the foundation of our work. So you can continue to grow and help us define what's possible. 
 
 Why work at APL? 
 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation's most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. 
 
At APL, we celebrate our differences and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL's campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at www.jhuapl.edu/careers. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
APL is looking for the brightest minds in... 
 
 Computer Science and Technology fields including... 
 
Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Machine Learning 
Cybersecurity 
Software Development 
Hardware Design 
 
Engineering fields including... 
 
Mechanical 
Chemical 
Aerospace, Hypersonics, Radar and RF 
Electrical, Hardware, Controls 
Robotics 
Network and Communications 
Materials 
 
Sciences including... 
 
Biology, Physics, Chemistry 
Nuclear and Radiological Sciences 
Mathematics 
Biomechanics 
Planetary 
 
You may be right for APL if you... 
 
Possess a PhD in a relevant discipline 
Have maintained a minimum 3.0/4.0 GPA. Note: When prompted to upload attachments, please include a copy of your college transcripts (unofficial transcripts are acceptable). 
Are able to obtain an Interim Secret level security clearance by your start date and can ultimately obtain a higher level clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. Johns Hopkins 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews The Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is a university-affiliated research center (UARC). APL solves complex research, engine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
