
 
 
 
 Vice President of Programs and Chief Curator - Alexandria, VA 22304 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President of Programs and Chief Curator National Women's History Museum 2 reviews Alexandria, VA 22304 National Women's History Museum 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. THE OPPORTUNITY 
 The National Women’s History Museum seeks a Vice President of Programs and Chief Curator, a new role for the Museum, that will work with leadership to lead the organization’s vision and point of view over the next 10 years. As the first permanent Curator for the Museum, the Vice President will shape the long-term plan and, in turn, the direction of the robust virtual programming created by the Director of Education. As the Institution expands, the Vice President will have the opportunity to work with the President to develop a robust curatorial department. Specific responsibilities include:
 EXHIBITION PROGRAM
 Conceptualize and produce exhibit programs and their national components, aligning them with and leading the virtual exhibits.
 Conceive of and develop a virtual and physical publishing plan for the Museum to follow over the short- and long-term.
 Create partnerships with other institutions, working with them to share exhibitions and programs as applicable; in particular, work with other senior leaders in determining the evolving relationship between NWHM and the upcoming Smithsonian Women’s History Museum.
 Create large-scale, thematic, multi-disciplinary exhibits that successfully engage audiences through compelling storytelling and creative displays.
 COLLECTIONS
 The Museum currently has a small permanent collection and a library. It will be under the purview of the VP to suggest the future of collecting for the institution. Innovative ideas of collections sharing and other strategies will be welcome.
 Manage collections by recording and cataloging artwork and items in the collection; research objects and determine their use for display and research; and create labels and interpretive materials for the items displayed.
 Ensure all items collected reflect the mission, values, and overall storytelling perspective of NWHM.
 MANAGEMENT
 Actively participate in the fundraising process, ensuring the Museum is fully funded to support additional curatorial positions, exhibition programs, and the Museum’s outreach initiatives.
 Develop an internship and fellowship program for exhibitions and publications.
 
 THE CANDIDATE 
 The National Women’s History Museum seeks a visionary Vice President and Chief Curator with a passion for the Museum’s mission and the role women have played in the history of the United States. The Vice President will be eager to shape the institution’s first women’s history exhibition program and will have direct knowledge of exhibition planning and production, to include creating stimulating exhibits that actively engage the audience through storytelling. This individual will be a networked expert in the field of women’s history and will serve as a key representative of the Museum to external audiences. Qualifications include:
 BACKGROUND: 
 At least 10 years of experience working in a museum and curatorial environment, with a demonstrated knowledge of all aspects of exhibition, design, production, and promotion.
 Master’s degree in Women’s Studies and/or Gender Studies or related field is required; Ph.D. in these or related fields is preferred.
 KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS 
 Ability to make a compelling narrative out of subjects in women’s history – enlivening the storytelling through objects, art, artifacts, and technology.
 Strong leadership skills, with the ability to create cohesive, collaborative teams that work in tandem to accomplish organizational goals.
 Sophistication in creating relationships and rapport with a wide variety of constituents; able and willing to work with stakeholders that hold different aspirations about the ultimate direction of the Museum.
 Excellent oral and written communications skills, with the ability to convey complex ideas and themes that will be easily understood by Museum visitors and the general public.
 Genuine curiosity in the curatorial field is required, with a natural interest in discovering new ideas in the virtual and exhibition arena while thinking innovatively regarding the Museum’s collection.
 Well-versed in how to identify and attract diverse audiences and grow audiences through public engagement and creative outreach.
 Must possess an entrepreneurial nature and be willing to take risks in order to advance the Museum’s mission.
 Ability to select objects of art and other items to be displayed in the Museum’s exhibition space that will bring history to life.
 Ability to create a network to borrow objects and/or determining what items should be acquired and how they fit into the overall mission and vision of the Museum.
 Ability to organize, present, and communicate messages effectively through design.
 Knowledge of the role fundraising plays in advancing cultural projects.
 Knowledge of the latest interpretation techniques, including artificial intelligence, virtual reality, etc.
 A demonstrated commitment to values of diversity, equity, and inclusion and employing these values to create a more inclusive, accurate, and representative telling of women’s history. 
 To apply: Questions, resumes, and CVs should be sent to  NWHM@driconsulting.com . 
 
 All first-round interviews for this position will take place via telephone/video conference.
 DR i  is an executive search and development consulting firm that recruits senior leaders and works with them to build talented teams, create bold strategic plans, and design powerful fundraising programs.
 The National Women’s History Museum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is seeking a diverse slate of candidates for formal consideration. National Women's History Museum 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Programs jobs in Alexandria, VA Jobs at National Women's History Museum in Alexandria, VA Vice President of Programs salaries in Alexandria, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Women's History Museum 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
