
 
 
 
 Software Architect-Artificial Intelligence - Phoenix, AZ 85018 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Architect-Artificial Intelligence Intel 5,494 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85018 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
The Internet of Things Group (IOTG) is at the heart of Intel’s Virtuous Cycle of Growth — creating smart, connected devices that drive ever-increasing amounts of data and computing needs. As everything gets smarter, IOTG is on the forefront of the transformation at the edge, leveraging advanced technologies like artificial intelligence across a wide variety of different use cases. Training a model and deploying it on a single camera in a lab is straightforward; deploying that model at a large scale across varied and uncertain conditions is much more challenging! We are searching for an Artificial Intelligence Software Architect to help our customers overcome challenges with large scale deployments of AI models, and to leverage that experience to help make Intel’s products even better. 
 Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
Working with ISV partners to identify optimal AI models to meet use case requirements and help them to optimize their pipeline with OpenVino on IA platforms. 
Working with partners to optimize the large-scale deployment and management of camera-based AI applications across large networks of devices (more than 100k cameras) in varied conditions, focusing on minimizing operational costs to meet deployment KPIs. 
Extract generalized requirements, tools, capabilities to make future projects with potentially different ecosystem players more efficient and feed those requirements back into Intel® AI efforts to make better products. 
Develop blueprints, whitepapers, POCs, tools, etc. to facilitate and document the system architectures, and to enable other ISVs to accelerate successful deployments of large-scale camera analytics applications. 
Work with software development teams to implement any identified enhancements. 
Support business development teams and other technical experts during design win activities. 
Work with the execution team to develop architectures and blueprints for new design wins. 
Develop Value Added Services to provide further capabilities for customers on top of the base features. 
The ideal candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Self-motivated individual willing to tackle complex engineering problems. 
Excellent collaboration skills and a cultural role model. 
Good customer communication skills. 
Willing to understand the bigger picture, including how a solution will impact all stakeholders in the value chain. 
Qualifications 
Minimum Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/ Engineering or related field. 
9+ years of industry experience along with experience in the following areas: 
3+ years of experience in AI models, datasets, training, retraining and model management. 
3+ years of experience with Impact of physical factors on AI such as lighting, distance, camera lens, occlusions, etc. 
2+ years of experience in Networking, IoT, and cloud-to-edge infrastructure/architectures. 
3+ years of experience in collaborating on technical projects with external partners and customers. 
2 +  years of experience in working at a system architectural level and understand the impact of design decisions or develop a POC for a feature in the lab. 
Additional Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in federated learning, 
Experience in optimizing AI pipelines with OpenVino for production systems. 
Inside this Business Group 
Employees of the Internet of Things Solutions Group (IOTG) have an exciting opportunity before them: To grow Intel's leadership position in the rapidly evolving IoT market by delivering the best silicon, software and services that meet a wide range of customer requirements - from Intel® Xeon® to Intel® Quark®. The group, a fresh, dynamic collaboration between Intel's Intelligent Solutions Group and Wind River Systems, utilizes assets from across all of Intel in such areas as industrial automation, retail, automobiles and aerospace. The IOTG team is dedicated to helping Intel drive the next major growth inflection through productivity and new business models that are emerging as a result of IoT. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Oregon, Hillsboro 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at Intel in Phoenix, AZ Software Architect salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
