
 
 
 
 AI Scientist - Remote - Milwaukee, WI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Scientist - Remote Johnson Controls 6,753 reviews Milwaukee, WI Remote Johnson Controls 6,753 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. AI Scientist - Remote - WD30125349244 
 At Johnson Controls we craft state-of-the-art Machine Learning (ML), Deep Learning (DL) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) analytics to create smarter buildings, smarter cities, smart assets, smarter environment, smart manufacturing and smart enterprises utilizing our devices deployed in the Internet of Things. We tackle real and sophisticated industrial problems using advanced ML, DL, AI and Mathematical Modeling and Optimization techniques involving the whole cycle of data science tasks including data pre-processing, feature engineering, problem formulation, algorithmic selection/evaluation, modeling, hyper-parameter tuning, MLOps and deployment of the solutions. AI solutions we develop will make our buildings, cities, and world smarter, energy efficient, safe, and sustainable. 
 What you will do 
 Work on all stages of AI projects from understanding problems and data to implementing the solutions into products and service offerings. 
 Develop strong relationships with business, application, and platform development team members by being proactive, displaying a thorough understanding of the business/product development processes and by recommending innovative ML/DL/AI solutions. 
 Provide data modeling, mining, pattern analysis, data visualization and ML/DL/AI solutions to address technical services, manufacturing, maintenance, and integrated supply chain needs. 
 Communicate project output in terms of customer value, business objectives, and product opportunities. 
 Promote AI methods and processes across functions. 
 Attend industry conferences, publish papers, file patents, and collaborate with universities to stay ahead of scientific and industrial trends, challenges, and potential market opportunities. 
 
 How you will do it 
 The AI scientist role partners with AI engineering, product management, Digital Solution Offerings, and solution engineering to integrate results into operational platforms. 
 Join a hardworking team that delivers modern ML/DL/AI solutions for all Johnson Controls Product Businesses. You will be executing AI driven projects as we build our capabilities and our architecture.
 Qualifications 
What we look for
 Required 
 M.S. or Ph.D. degree in Applied Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Operations Research, Physical Science, Business Analytics, Business Intelligence & Analytics or Engineering. 
 0-2 years of industrial experience of developing practical ML/DL/AI applications. 
 Hands-on experience with modeling/development software (Python, Scikit-learn, Numpy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Jupyter Notebook, TensorFlow, Keras). 
 Must demonstrate expertise in programming and data structure modeling. 
 Must know and have hand-on experience in AI and ML including Statistical Learning, Reinforcement Learning, and Deep Learning (RNN/LSTM, AutoEnoder and CNN Neural Network). 
 Familiarity with statistical models & methods (time-series analysis, regression analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, etc.). 
 Knowledge in logic programming, knowledge representation, reasoning, automated planning and scheduling. 
 Flexibility to travel – up to 10%. Higher percentage (up to 25%) preferred but not required 
 
 Preferred 
 Knowledge in thermodynamics, energy and HVAC system is plus. 
 Signal processing background is plus. 
 Strong data visualization skills is plus. 
 Experience with project leadership. 
 Familiarity with text analytics. 
 Results driven with a positive can-do demeanor. 
 Excellent collaboration and diplomacy skills. 
 Highly team oriented. 
 Ability to work collaboratively with development/implementation staff through the design and build of new business processes and systems. 
 In depth understanding of best-in-class model and data configuration and development processes. 
 Understanding of data science trends and future state technologies. 
 
 Johnson Controls is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit www.johnsoncontrols.com/tomorrowneedsyou 
 
Job  Innovation & Technology 
Primary Location US-WI-Milwaukee 
Organization  Bldg Technologies & Solutions Johnson Controls 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Milwaukee, WI Jobs at Johnson Controls in Milwaukee, WI Scientist salaries in Milwaukee, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johnson Controls Johnson Controls 6,753 reviews Johnson Controls is powered by your talent. We are the power behind the customer mission. Together we are building a world that’s safe, c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
