
 
 
 
 Dir Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science - Academies, Career & Technical Education - Gwinnett County, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Dir Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science - Academies, Career & Technical Education Gwinnett County Public Schools 589 reviews Gwinnett County, GA $87,975 a year  -   Full-time Gwinnett County Public Schools 589 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $87,975 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JobID: 72687 
 
Position Type: 
 Administrative/Managerial/Dir Artificial Intel andCmp Sci 
 
Date Posted: 
 6/29/2021 
 
Location: 
 Instructional Support Center 
 
Job Code:  Dir Artificial Intel andCmp Sci - 020353  Standard Hours:  40  Department:  Academies, Career & Technical Education - 221300  Empl Class:  NA 
 
Minimum Salary:  $87,975.00/Annually 
 
  Maximum Salary:  $123,900.00/Annually 
 
  Scheduled Days:  246 
 
  Target Openings: 
 
 
License and Certification Qualifications: Must hold or be eligible for a valid Georgia Educator's Certificate in Educational Leadership and/or Support Personnel License issued by the Georgia Professional Standards Commission. 
 
Education Qualifications: Master's degree in related field required. Specialist or doctorate degree in related field preferred. 
 
Experience Qualifications: Five years of successful teaching experience with two years in an instructional leadership role required. Instructional and leadership experience in the area of science and local administrative experience preferred. 
 
Skills Qualifications: Strong leadership skills; ability to develop, lead, and supervise a K-12 computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness programs including a K-12 vertical progression to achieve the district's mission, vision, and goals; ability to plan a comprehensive and integrated professional development program for computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness which supports the direction of the district; ability to coordinate these programs with other curricular and instructional programs; ability to lead others in the pursuit of district's mission, vision, and goals as related to curriculum and instruction; effective teamwork and collaborative skills for coordination of future readiness programs with other curricular and instructional programs; proficiency in technology applications for effective and efficient communication and distribution of curriculum and instruction resources; ability to project and generate positive attitudes; and ability to work successfully with colleagues. 
 
Primary Responsibilities: Direct the development, revision, implementation, and continuous quality improvement of a comprehensive and cohesive K-12 programs including K-12 vertical progression in computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness in the context of all Academic Knowledge and Skills (AKS) curriculum in Gwinnett County Public Schools (GCPS). 
 
1. Oversee the review and development of the AKS curriculum in the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness program areas through extensive stakeholder engagement. 
 a. Implement a process for continuous improvement of the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness AKS based on student achievement data, benchmarks for excellence, and customer feedback. 
 b. Provide for continuity and alignment of the K-12 computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness AKS including K-12 vertical progress. 
 c. Assure alignment of the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness AKS with state curriculum, standardized assessment measures, and other external exemplars as appropriate. 
2. Lead the development and implementation of long-term goals and plans designed to meet the instructional needs of the students, teachers, and/or teacher leaders of GCPS. 
 a. Evaluate and identify best instructional practices and programs for achievement of computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness AKS. 
 b. Coordinate with the Accountability and Assessment Department to identify, develop, and maintain appropriate systems for monitoring student achievement of the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness AKS. 
 c. Provide and maintain appropriate resources to schools and teachers for best instructional strategies (i.e. interventions, extensions, and instructional plans). 
 d. Facilitate instruction of the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness AKS through work with teachers, department chairs, school administrators, central office administrators, and other staff as appropriate. 
 e. Supports equitable access to computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness learning opportunities in collaboration with the Departments of Special Education, English Language Learners, and other critical stakeholder groups. 
3. Direct a high-performing, growth oriented-team in support of the initiatives, priorities, and goals of the department, division, and district. 
 a. Communicate district, department, and program direction. 
 b. Communicate the mission, vision, and goals of the district as related to the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness programs to various internal and external audiences. 
4. Provide subject matter expertise on district-wide initiatives, including but not limited to, cross-functional action teams, cross-divisional/cross-departmental efforts, professional learning, and resource development/acquisition. 
 a. Represents the school district in matters pertaining to computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness initiatives and Senate Bill 108 as required. (Dual enrollment, business partnerships, internships, etc.) 
 b. Provide monitoring and coordination with local principals and AST’s to ensure proper implementation of computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness programs and that the goals of these programs are reached at every school. 
5. Develop, implement, and lead a highly effective professional development program in K-12 computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness for teachers and administrators, based on district goals, data, research, and stakeholder feedback. 
 a. Develop and implement a comprehensive and integrated model of professional development computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness for teachers and administrators, based on district goals, research, data, and customer feedback. 
 b. Identify and evaluate current research, content knowledge, and trends in computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness and communicate to internal and external audiences as appropriate. 
 c. Provide support to local school administrators in the development and delivery of appropriate professional development opportunities in computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness. 
 d. Works collaboratively with the Office of Staff Development to organize and coordinate the district CS endorsement program, which will help increase our number of certified CS teachers. 
6. Develop and manage the program area’s annual operating budget in a fiscally responsible manner that supports the initiatives, priorities, and goals of the department, division, and district. 
 a. Prepare budgetary requests and recommendations for the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness programs for annual budget development. 
 b. Manage the budget for the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness programs. 
7. Utilize multiple data sources and continuous quality improvement efforts to drive program area decisions and support related to curriculum and instruction. 
 a. Review and propose policies and procedures related to the computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness programs. 
 b. Plan for continuous improvement through development of the Operational Management Plan (OMP). 
 c. Monitor program area progress through data-driven evaluation. 
 
8. Plan and lead in collaboration with other curriculum departments to develop clear and coherent support for local schools that strategically aligns to the vision and mission for teaching and learning throughout the district. 
 a. Supports innovative curricular and instructional strategies and initiatives designed to increase student achievement by working collaboratively with the math, science, and CTAE directors along with the GCPS STEM coordinator to support the district STEM initiative. 
 b. Supports equitable access to future readiness learning opportunities in collaboration with the Departments of Special Education, English Language Learners, Accelerated Programs, and other critical stakeholder groups. 
 c. Organizes, coordinates, and directs computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness related activities in the district (CTSO competitions, robotics, recognitions, partnerships, advisory councils, internship experiences) 
9. Cultivate partnerships with local, state, and national leaders in the field (including business and community representatives, Institutions of Higher Education, etc.) to ensure the continued growth of the department. 
 a. Support the development of dual enrollment programs specific to computer science, artificial intelligence, and future readiness within the district office, our local schools, and various post-secondary institutions. 
 
10. Conduct multiple projects concurrently, both independently and as a member of a collaborative team. 
 
11. Perform other duties as assigned.
 
 
Physical Demands: 
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit for extended periods of time. The employee is also required to talk, hear, stand, and walk. The employee may be required to use hands to finger, handle, feel, and/or reach. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Gwinnett County Public Schools 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in Gwinnett County, GA Jobs at Gwinnett County Public Schools in Gwinnett County, GA Director of Data Science salaries in Gwinnett County, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Gwinnett County Public Schools Gwinnett County Public Schools 589 reviews Gwinnett County Public Library: Supporting your informational, educational and recreational interests with convenient, creative, customer... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
