
 
 
 
 Customer Service - Miami, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Service Vantagepoint ai, LLC Miami, FL $28,000 - $30,000 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $28,000 - $30,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Love Helping People? 
Are you Creative, Patient, and Dynamic? 
If you are looking for a career that is challenging and rewarding,
 VantagePoint ai offers a customer service career with that and so much more! 
VantagePoint ai is seeking talented Customer Service Reps to join our team of Software Support Superstars. No experience needed! Our company is exploding with growth and we are breaking sales records month after month! We are looking to identify talented customer service reps to help with onboarding and installation and all while offering world class support to our new customers who join the VantagePoint Family. 
This is an Exciting Opportunity 
This is a high energy, dynamic environment where you can help customers install and activate a software tool that can truly change their life. If you have great situational awareness and emotional intelligence, and are a fast learner, you could be next to join our team of high-flying life-changing superstars, enjoying great pay (First year customer support reps make $28-$30k) a great work life balance, incredible benefits, all in a positive, extremely rewarding environment. Vantagepoint ai has been voted Best Places to Work Nationally including by Forbes Magazine, as well as Best Places to Work in Tampa Bay 14 times! 
This Makes a Difference
 Our patented, highly accurate, artificial intelligence software used by traders worldwide in the financial markets, is in extremely high demand. We change lives daily by providing traders advanced notice of market movements using VantagePoint ai’s patented and proprietary trend forecasting technology. 
This is a Long-term Career 
Artificial Intelligence and Wall Street are not going away any time soon. VantagePoint ai has been pioneering technology for traders for over 42 years. We are a second-generation family-owned company that has been on the forefront of developing Artificial Intelligence Software for traders for over three decades! 
This Makes Sense 
To speak with a member of team in more detail about the customer service role, 
Apply Now!  www.FindTampaJobs.com . And someone will email you to schedule a discussion. 
Don’t sell yourself short. Join a team with award winning culture and take your career to the next level! 
Take the first step… Learn more about our culture at  www.FindTampaJobs.com . 
Outstanding Pay and Benefits: 
100% Paid Employee Healthcare and Dental 
Complimentary Meals to Show our Appreciation 
No nights or weekends 
Paid Holidays 
To learn more about our VantagePoint Software visit  www.vantagepointsoftware.com . 
PM18 Vantagepoint ai, LLC 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Customer Service Representative jobs in Miami, FL Jobs at Vantagepoint ai in Miami, FL Customer Service Representative salaries in Miami, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vantagepoint ai, LLC Founded in 1979 by Louis B. Mendelsohn, a prominent technical analyst and trading software pioneer, Vantagepoint ai was the first trading... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
