
 
 
 
 Software Engineer (Remote) - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer (Remote) Digital Diagnostics, Inc. Illinois Remote Digital Diagnostics is looking for a Software Engineer to join our growing team of engineers to build the next generation of FDA cleared medical device software! 
 
Our flagship product is the artificial intelligence algorithm where it is the computer, not the physician, diagnosing patients. Built on a series of patented machine learning algorithms, our FDA cleared software platform detects early signs of diabetic retinopathy, a debilitating eye disease that impacts the 30+ million people with diabetes in the US. We are using everything we’ve learned from IDx-DR to expand our artificial intelligence platform to help patients by detecting diseases like skin cancer. This expansion is critically enabled by our efforts in the healthcare IT space, through EHR integrations, platform connections, and analytics. Now we need to expand our team of highly skilled and motivated team members to help us change healthcare for the better.
 Working for Digital Diagnostics offers you the opportunity to:
 Work with world-renowned computer scientists and clinicians who are pushing the limits of artificial intelligence, computer vision, and machine learning in medicine.
 Tackle complex challenges and projects with the highest levels of quality and execution for audiences that include top technologists, the FDA, and world-leading healthcare providers.
 Push the accessibility and quality of healthcare to new heights to improve the lives of millions of people.
 Are you someone who:
 Has your team’s back and is willing to jump into any problem
 Enjoys delighting the customer
 Goes all in, learns from their mistakes, and has fun doing it
 Then apply to be our next Software Engineer!
 Qualifications (aka this is what we will ask about in your interview):
 Good communication skills and a willingness to learn
 A track record of learning new technologies
 Some experience with unit testing frameworks, tools, and methodologies and a desire to learn more about them
 Interest in SaMD (software as a medical device – if you know, you know) and working in regulated software environments such as ISO or FDA (don’t let this scare you – we have a lot of automation).
 This is a permanently remote position. We have engineers across the United States in many different time zones. We are committed to hiring the best engineers no matter where they reside, so location is not factored into compensation. But if you ever long for the comradery of a shared workspace, we have offices in Chicago, Boston and Iowa and would be happy to have you there! 
 
Unfortunately, we are not able to sponsor an immigration case for employment at this time (for example, H-1B or other employment-based immigration cases). Digital Diagnostics, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Illinois Jobs at Digital Diagnostics in Illinois Software Developer salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from Digital Diagnostics, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
