
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Scholar - Chicago, IL 60642 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Scholar Northwestern University 518 reviews Chicago, IL 60642 Northwestern University 518 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Departments of Urology and Pathology at Northwestern University are seeking a postdoctoral fellow to conduct research in computational pathology. This person will focus on developing machine learning tools to assist pathologists in their diagnostic work with emphasis on prospective application and operational integration of the developed tools. Researchers will have access to data and computational resources to develop, validate, and translate their tools including a growing institutional repository of whole-slide images, a research slide scanning facility that is integrated with our clinical lab, clinical and pathology data from the Northwestern Medicine Enterprise Data Warehouse, internal platforms for slide viewing, annotation, and data management, and a high-performance computing infrastructure dedicated to computational pathology. This is an excellent opportunity for a creative and enthusiastic individual with interests in medical applications that impact the way we diagnose and treat patients. 
The Computational Pathology group is home to internationally recognized NIH funded investigators and was formed to synergize with clinical implementation of digital pathology at Northwestern. The expertise of our faculty spans engineering, informatics, and pathology. Our faculty conduct fundamental research in machine learning and artificial intelligence, participate with working groups to develop recommendations for clinical translation of computational pathology, work with disease-focused consortia to apply computational pathology in clinical and basic science research, develop public data resources for benchmarking and research, and create open-source platforms for that support the use of pathology imaging and computational tools in research. 
This position will be jointly supervised by Dr. Lee Cooper and clinical faculty in Pathology and Urology, with opportunities to collaborate with faculty in the Department of Pathology, the Department of Urology, the Lurie Cancer Center, and the McCormick School of Engineering. The Institute of Augmented Intelligence in Medicine will also present opportunities to interact with others conducting similar research in genomics, medical imaging, and clinical data analysis. The Department of Pathology is located on Northwestern’s Downtown Chicago campus in the Streeterville neighborhood. Note: Not all aspects of the job are covered by this job description. 
Job Description:
 Principle accountabilities: 
 Develop methodology for analyzing images and related metadata 
 Maintenance of software repositories and documentation of software 
 Management of research datasets including images, clinical meta-data, annotations, computational results, and models 
 Interact with collaborators, other postdocs, and graduate students to achieve project goals 
 Development of manuscripts in collaborations with supervisor and collaborators 
 Attendance at conferences and symposia where results will be presented in poster or talk formats 
Eligibility: 
 PhD in engineering, computer science, or related field 
 Experience in medical image analysis, computer vision, or deep learning 
 Expertise in Python programming and either TensorFlow or Pytorch
 Knowledge of version-control tools and software engineering practices 
 Experience with Linux-based systems and command line tools 
The Northwestern campus sits on the traditional homelands of the people of the Council of Three Fires, the Ojibwe, Potawatomi, and Odawa as well as the Menominee, Miami and Ho-Chunk nations. We acknowledge and honor the original people of the land upon which Northwestern University stands, and the Native people who remain on this land today. Northwestern University 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Northwestern University in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northwestern University Northwestern University 518 reviews Northwestern University is a private research university with 12 schools and more than 21,000 students across three campuses. Beyond bein... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
