
 
 
 
 Asst/Assoc Professor of Technology and Innovation Management - Radford, VA 24141 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Asst/Assoc Professor of Technology and Innovation Management Radford University 190 reviews Radford, VA 24141 Full-time Radford University 190 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Posting Number
 F00161P
 
Position Number
 F07460
 
Is this position restricted?
 No
 
Work Location
 Radford
 
Division
 Academic Affairs-10
 
College/Unit
 Business & Economics E&G-1120
 
Department
 Management, Dept of-11204
 
Months Per Year
 9
 
Appointment Term
 Academic Year
 
Full Time/Part Time
 Full Time
 
If part time, enter Percent Time
 
Contact Name for Applicant
 Jerry Kopf
 
Contact Phone for Applicant
 540-831-5075 
 
Work Schedule
 
Job Summary
 The Department of Management at Radford University invites applications for a full-time, tenure track faculty position in Technology and Innovation Management and/or Entrepreneurship beginning in the fall semester of 2022. This is a tenure track appointment, subject to final authorization from the University. Rank at assistant professor is preferred, but appointments at the Associate Professor rank, without tenure, may be considered. Salary and benefits are competitive and depend on the finalist’s qualifications. . Candidates should have a primary interest in the area of Technology and Innovation Management. Candidates with interests in one or more of the following focal are preferred: innovation and entrepreneurship; emerging technologies such as AI, machine learning, blockchain, etc.; design processes such as agile project management and design thinking; and/or utilizing big data. As evidenced by its Center for Innovation and Analytics, a live Trading Room, and newly launched RU Venture Lab, the Davis College works at the intersection of the growing analytics and innovation domains. For the right candidate, this is an excellent opportunity to pursue professional and personal growth. The successful candidate will be an excellent teacher with the potential to make meaningful contributions in research and service.
 
Physical Demands
 
Required Qualifications
 Requirements include an earned doctorate from an AACSB accredited university (those in the final stage of dissertation completion will be considered).
 
Preferred Qualifications
 Business experience preferred.
 
Education
 Requirements include an earned doctorate from an AACSB accredited university (those in the final stage of dissertation completion will be considered).
 
Salary
 Salary Commensurate With Experience
 
Posting Date
 09/01/2021
 
Application Review Date
 10/01/2021
 
Open Until Filled
 Yes
 
Special Instructions to Applicants
 
Apply online at https://jobs.radford.edu and include the following:
 
1. Letter of application. 2. Curriculum Vitae 3. Names and contact information of three professional references within your application.
 
Letters of recommendation and transcripts will be requested from final candidates only.
 
Faculty employment conditions
 Must have a criminal background check
 
Statement of Economic Interest is required
 No
 
Required job related Licenses
 
Describe required job related licenses and/or certifications
 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement
 
Radford University does not discriminate with regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, disability, age, veteran status, national origin, religion, or political affiliation in the administration of its educational programs, activities, admission or employment practices.
 
Clery Statement
 
In compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, Radford University publishes an Annual Security and Fire Safety Report. The report includes the university’s policies, procedures, and programs concerning safety and security, as well as three years’ of crime statistics for our campus. As a prospective employee, you are entitled to a copy of this report. The report and statistical data can be found online at Radford.edu/police. You may also request a paper copy of the report from the Radford University Police Department located at 810 East Main Street PO Box 6883, Radford, VA, 24142.
 
Reasonable Accommodation Statement
 
If you are an individual with a disability and desire accommodation in the application process please contact the hiring department. Radford University 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Radford, VA Jobs at Radford University in Radford, VA Associate Professor salaries in Radford, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Radford University Radford University 190 reviews Radford University, located in Radford in the U.S. state of Virginia, is one of the state's eight doctoral-degree-granting public univers... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
