
 
 
 
 Data Scientist 2 - Mountain View, CA 94043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist 2 Microsoft 7,267 reviews Mountain View, CA 94043 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We believe in the power of design to transform and enrich people lives in meaningful ways. If you are an applied scientist with a passion for applying state-of-the-art AI innovations to augment human creativity to create modern experiences that are inclusive, intelligent, human-centered, and are used by millions of people world-wide look no further! 
Join us as we grow Designer, an AI-powered design service that’s helped improve and visualize billions of designs in PowerPoint and other products across the Microsoft ecosystem. We are located in heart of Silicon Valley in Mountain View, CA. We're growing the capabilities and scale of Designer, pushing the limits of machine learning to help create the world’s best presentations and designs. The team has responsibility for the design, implementation, and testing of an ecosystem which includes modern, seamless web experiences and graphics capabilities. In addition, the team is on the forefront for developing scalable cloud services deeply integrated into various Microsoft applications. Partnering with the best of AI Research, product management, UX designers and user research teams to continue delighting our customers and create a truly intelligent and delightful AI assisted design experience. 
Responsibilities 
You will get the opportunity of working in a fast-paced environment developing algorithms and techniques leveraging text, images, and video for analyzing and transforming content to build solutions that have the potential to transform people’s lives. From fast evolving new intelligence features to long-range strategic investments, you will get the chance to ship world-class software to our enormous customer base. You will be surrounded by extremely talented and helpful colleagues and a great management team with lots of experience to learn from who are all deeply invested in helping you move your career forward. 
The world is evolving - we are looking for enthusiastic and creative thinkers and doers to join us to meet the challenge of delivering well-crafted intuitive solutions and products that meet the needs and beyond of a changing world. 
Qualifications 
MS/ Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related disciplines. 
Recent experience with relevant projects in Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval and/or Computer Vision. 
Fluency in C++/C# and Python preferred. 
Experience with statistical modeling and deep learning especially with frameworks such as PyTorch, Tensorflow or Keras. 
Effective communication skills and ability to work cross-group and across disciplines. 
Excellent skills in design, debugging and problem solving. 
Passion for customers, innovation, product quality, service excellence and test engineering. 
Experience in shipping high-quality products or services at-scale is a plus. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Mountain View, CA Data Scientist salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
