
 
 
 
 People Operations Coordinator - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search People Operations Coordinator Superconductive Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a collaborative and detail-oriented People Operations Coordinator to support the broad responsibilities of Superconductive’s People Operations initiatives. Reporting to the People Operations Manager, the People Operations Coordinator will have the opportunity to develop a broad set of skills across the People Operations realm. As an early member of a fast-paced, dynamic and growing team, this individual will play an integral role in shaping the identity of Superconductive. 
 
This role will be essential to the company as we grow in size and organizational complexity to support our Mission while we simultaneously advance the core Great Expectations open-source product and begin building a SaaS offering. 
What You'll Do 
 
Support various aspects of our employee lifecycle programs for full-time/part-time employees and contractors with high level of confidentiality; responsible for keeping employee records in employee tracker and Insperity system up to date 
Manage onboarding process for new hires (i.e. add new employee to systems, complete I-9, send first day welcome email, coordinate access w/ IT team, facilitate new hire orientation, set up welcome meetings, etc.) to ensure Superconductive employees feel a high level of engagement from the start 
Follow up with Hiring Managers and employees at the 30, 60, and 90 day period to ensure the processes are being followed and new hires feel supported 
Provide support during the Performance Management process (i.e. helping to coordinate kickoff, scheduling trainings, tracking status, providing support to employees at all levels, etc.) 
Act as point of contact for general People Operations queries from new hires and employees around People Operations systems, policies and processes 
Contribute to the development and execution of programs and events that support Superconductive’s culture & values; engagement, inclusivity, and organizational effectiveness 
Participate in projects and initiatives across all disciplines, including performance management, recruiting, benefits, employee engagement and talent development 
Provide support to recruiters with regards to regular updates to hiring related databases (tracker, ATS, etc.) which will be uses to prepare analysis, reports, and presentations that help inform key team and company decisions 
Actively maintain accurate People Operations related data, which will be used to prepare analysis, reports, and presentations that help inform key team and company decisions 
 
Why join Superconductive? 
Glad you asked! 
We offer… 
 
A world class team, with deep roots in open source, cutting-edge software and data development. We are actively cultivating a new cultural blend of excellent data engineering and AI-enabled technical workflows. 
 A fast-growing company with lots of opportunity for learning and personal growth. 
 A front-row seat to the rapid evolution of data science and engineering. Data work is going through a renaissance, and—as the leading provider of a key piece in the new technology ecosystem—Superconductive is right in the middle of it. 
 A kind, curious, and open-minded company culture. We are always seeking ways to improve ourselves and our processes; we keep these conversations open to the whole team. We prioritize empowering our team members rather than a command and control hierarchy. 
 A distributed team with lots of flexibility around timing and individual work preferences. We currently have teammates in the San Francisco Bay Area, Salt Lake City, New York, Michigan, North Carolina, Washington, Connecticut and other places. We’d love to add your town. 
 And of course, competitive compensation (base salary + equity package) with available Medical, Dental, Vision & 401K. 
BS/BA degree preferred, or equivalent experience 
2+ years of experience, preferably on a Human Resources or Operations team 
Demonstrated ability to handle confidential and sensitive information with discretion 
Highly organized and detail oriented; strong commitment to continuous improvement and customer service; ability to follow specific processes and steps within specific timeframes 
Team-player with a ‘no task too small’ attitude 
Demonstrated decision making and problem-solving skills; able manage multiple priorities in a highly organized manner 
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to effectively communicate, both written and verbally 
High level of commitment to quality work product, attention to detail and organizational ethics, integrity and compliance 
Desire to get broad exposure to various People functions, and to contribute to the ongoing improvement and evolution of our priorities and processes 
Proficient with Google Workspace applications 
Desire to grow a career in People Operations 
 
Stand Out Attributes 
 
Facility with GSuite, Expensify.com, Asana, Slack 
Experience working at a rapidly growing startup or fast paced environment 
 
_____ 
 
Superconductive Health, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. In compliance with Federal law and the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 22.1800, the selected candidate will be required to provide documentation that will verify their identity and eligibility to work in the United States. 
Please note that while the position is remote, we currently require applicants to be located in the United States and cannot offer visa sponsorship at this time. Superconductive 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Coordinator jobs in Remote Jobs at Superconductive in Remote Operations Coordinator salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Superconductive Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
