
 
 
 
 Associate Product Designer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Product Designer Relativity 16 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Relativity 16 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal and compliance professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it. The US Department of Justice, 199 of the Am Law 200, and more than 329,000 enabled users trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects. 
 
Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
 
 We believe that great talent is not bound by geography and that what you do matters more than where you do it. Relativity has assumed a hybrid work strategy, allowing choice and flexibility for employees to work either from home, a physical Relativity office location (once safe to do so), or a combination of the two, within certain logistical boundaries. Submit your application to learn more from our recruiters or contact us for more details. 
 
 We are seeking an  Associate Product Designer  to help drive great design for our   product features. In collaboration with Product Managers, Engineers, Researchers, and Data Scientists, you will help to identify and analyze user needs and pain points, develop innovative solutions that address these needs while meeting business goals, and employ your design skills to define, build, and validate outstanding user experiences. Join us in the transformation of the legal industry and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the practice of law and beyond. 
 Responsibilities:
 Collaborate with multi-disciplined teams throughout the product development process, from discovery through to implementation and continuous product improvement. 
Participate in user and stakeholder research to develop a deep understanding of our clients and users, as well as how they do and could utilize our product. 
Synthesize user feedback, product analytics, and business requirements in order to develop and explore impactful ideas and product solutions. 
Create mockups and interactive prototypes to communicate your designs, both internally and externally, and help vet and prioritize solutions in highly iterative and collaborative processes. 
Coordinate with engineering teams to provide them with detailed designs and requirements and assist in their implementation and validation via Agile methodologies. 
Participate in the internal development of our design system, Aero, as well as evangelize and help coordinate its adoption across our company. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Strong communication and collaboration skills 
Strong portfolio of product and UX work and case studies 
Some experience using and contributing towards a Design System 
Some experience with Agile development 
Familiarity with Figma or similar interface design tools 
Interest and willingness to learn about AI related technologies 
Interest and willingness to learn about product analytics and data-driven design 
 Minimum Qualifications:
 1+ years of professional UX and product design experience. 
Portfolio and case studies 
 At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey. 
 
Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify. 
 
So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you. 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law. Relativity Technologies, Inc. 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Designer jobs in Remote Jobs at Relativity in Remote Product Designer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Relativity Relativity 16 reviews At Relativity, we make software to help users organize data, discover the truth, and act on it. Our platform is used by more than 13,000 ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
