
 
 
 
 Director - Data Scientist – Artificial Intelligence AI Express-3 - O'Fallon, MO 63368 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director - Data Scientist – Artificial Intelligence AI Express-3 MasterCard 629 reviews O'Fallon, MO 63368 Temporarily remote Full-time MasterCard 629 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description AI Express is a recently announced service from Mastercard which helps companies swiftly adopt AI. AI Express is a structured quick engagement where Mastercard develops a working AI model for the customer on an emergent problem the customer has identified, and provides the deployment know-how to implement the solution. During AI Express, Mastercard leverages the award-winning Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies of Brighterion, a company we recently acquired. You will be part of the AI Express and Brighterion Team which pushes the boundaries of innovation for pure Artificial Intelligence technologies with a culture focused on delivering the results our clients expect and deserve.
 
 
Our innovative cross-channel AI solutions are applied in Fortune 500 companies in industries such as fin-tech, investment banking, biotech, and insurance. We are pursuing a highly motivated individual who has strong customer relationship management and problem solving skills. This individual will have strong achievement orientation, resilience, diligence, and the ability to research and innovate to provide the AI Express model development team with the newest and most efficient technologies.
 
 
It encompasses the following activities:
 
 Designs and develops new models or plans improvement of existing AI models with an understanding of business and technical issues
 Research best way to leverage new and existing technologies in current modeling pipelines
 Familiar with the latest AI and ML technologies
 Implement prototype ideas using Python or Java and evaluate benefits of new technologies against existing alternative approaches 
 
 
Role
 
 Lead AI Express customer engagements from a data science perspective
 Research best configuration parameters of the new AI and ML technologies to provide the optimal outcome for a given vertical
 Develop and evaluate the prototype against alternative approaches and document the strength and weaknesses. Provide recommendation on how to move forward.
 Read research papers, white papers, article related to AI and ML technologies both from a theoretical standpoint and practical application in the industry.
 Design and implement prototypes using Python and Java programming language.
 Research alternative techniques and technologies. If not available in the existing framework, design and implement an approach in Java or Python. 
 
 
All About You
 
 
Essential skills
 
 BS in computer science, mathematics or a related field
 Detail oriented, efficient, strong work-ethic
 Strong experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
 Highly skilled problem solver
 Strong communication skills
 
Preferred skills:
 
 MS or PhD and 5+ years of experience in AI related field
 Experience with Linux, SQL language and one or more of the following database technologies: PostgreSQL, Hadoop, Netezza
 Programing languages: Java, Python
 Prior experience in customer-facing engagements is a plus
 
At AI Express, we work on an exciting range of problems across credit risk, anti-money laundering, healthcare fraud waste and abuse, and other emerging verticals. You will lead, learn, grow and have fun! Intrigued? Let’s chat more
 Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
 Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact  reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com  and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. 
 Corporate Security Responsibility 
 
Every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security. All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and therefore, it is expected that the successful candidate for this position must:
 
 
• Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
 
• Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
 
• Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
 
• Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines. MasterCard 30 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in O&apos;Fallon, MO Jobs at MasterCard in O&apos;Fallon, MO Data Scientist salaries in O&apos;Fallon, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from MasterCard MasterCard 629 reviews Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. We operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connectin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
