
 
 
 
 Early/Mid-level Information Scientist - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Early/Mid-level Information Scientist RAND Corporation 52 reviews Los Angeles, CA Full-time RAND Corporation 52 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Type:
 Regular
 Position Description
 RAND conducts technical research across national/homeland security and socio-economic policy areas that leverages data science, examines communications infrastructure and networks, and informs cyber strategies. RAND is currently recruiting for an early- to mid-career level Information Scientist who can contribute to a large variety of multidisciplinary policy research projects that require strong analytic capabilities, technical knowledge, and academic or industry experience in applying data science, data engineering, database/information architecture, AI/ML, programming, computer science, computer engineering, and information infrastructure/security skills to policy problems. Information Scientists’ responsibilities include designing, conducting, and leading research related to national security cyber, computing, network, and data analytic challenges as well as supporting and providing strategic and conceptual support and advice to senior leaders in a variety of Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, Homeland Security, and other domains. 
 RAND’s reputation for high quality, objective analysis is built upon a cadre of experts with strong research skills and experience in government and the private sector. Multidisciplinary research is a key component of RAND analysis, and applicants should have demonstrated the ability to successfully contribute to and/or lead teams across disciplines on a variety of topics, depending on seniority. Research staff at RAND bring their subject matter and methodological expertise to bear on a wide range of policy problems across RAND's research agenda. Researchers apply their skills to emerging problems at the cutting edge of their fields and apply their insights to critical policy issues, as well as apply their skills to new and emerging areas in novel and flexible ways. RAND studies often pose novel challenges in analysis, modeling, research design, and computing.
 Qualifications
 All research positions at RAND require excellent analytic skills; the ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing; the ability to work effectively as a member of a multi-disciplinary team; and a strong commitment to RAND's core values of quality and objectivity. All applicants are expected to have evidence of strong skills in the technical aspects of information science such as data analytics and software/hardware aspects of information networks. Successful applicants will also have research experience applying these skills in government, industry, and/or academia. 
 Applicants with more than 10 years of experience will also be required to have the ability to mentor and develop junior staff members, lead and direct multi-disciplinary teams, set project standards and monitor progress, engage with sponsors, and communicate interim and results to the RAND community and to policy-making audience. 
 As this is an early to-mid career level position, applicants with 3-10 years of experience outlined below, are preferred.
 Experience
 All applicants must have documented research experience specific to information science, either as part of academic activities (e.g. dissertation) or professional experience.
 Specialization in one of the following research areas is required:
 Data science with applications in national security or social and economic policy
 Cyberspace
 Digital network architecture and modernization
 Enterprise computing and data architectures
 Space-based operations, communications, and sensing
 Education Requirements
 This position requires: a doctorate (PhD or DPhil) in an applicable field; or, a masters (MS, MA, etc.) plus 5 years of post-degree professional experience; or 10 years of professional experience. Applicable fields of study include various types of engineering, physical sciences, mathematics, or similar. Professional experience includes work in computer science, computer engineering, data science, applied mathematics, or related areas, with strong applied training and skills in the technical design, development, application, and/or operation of information, communications, space, computer, and automation systems. Applicants with policy-related experience preferred.
 Security Clearance
 A security clearance is required for this position. Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
 Writing Sample Required
 A writing sample is required for this position.
 Location
 Santa Monica, CA; Washington, DC; Pittsburgh, PA
 Equal Opportunity Employer: race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/vet RAND Corporation 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Scientist jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at RAND Corporation in Los Angeles, CA Entry Level Scientist salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RAND Corporation RAND Corporation 52 reviews RAND Corporation (Research ANd Development) is a nonprofit global policy think tank originally formed by Douglas Aircraft Company to offe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
