
 
 
 
 2021 Research/Engineering Intern - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search 2021 Research/Engineering Intern Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Los Altos, CA 94022 Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life! Through innovation, TRI will help… 
Innovate solutions that will enable development of vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility. Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster Discover new materials that will make batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive and more powerful. Develop human-centered AI systems to augment (not replace) human decision making to increase the quality of decisions (e.g. mitigate cognitive biases) and/or to facilitate faster innovation cycles. 
If this sounds exciting to you, join our 12-week Summer 2021 Internship Program. Our program allows you to work on real projects around designing safer cars, enabling the elderly to age in place with the help of robots, crafting alternative fuel sources, and developing new science to better understand human cognition. Interns will benefit from an encouraging, collaborative environment and gain insights from a dedicated mentor who will help ensure a productive and meaningful experience. You will work as part of a team to perform basic research and development on component technologies for machine learning, perception/computer vision, controls, planning, simulation, and other critical areas of investigation. Interns will also benefit from networking with other interns and employees, participating in technical teach -ins, and interacting with senior leadership. 
If you are a creative problem solver and an innovator with a strong desire to apply your technical skills to research which can improve the quality of human life,  this is the internship for you! 
 Responsibilities:
 You will perform basic research and development as part of the TRI Research Team 
Assist in projects specifically focused on machine learning, perception/computer vision, controls, planning, simulation, and other areas of investigation defined by the teams. 
Operate independently to pursue research topics and identify new areas for investigation. 
Extend the boundaries of scientific understanding in your field of study. 
Write and publish research findings in top scientific conferences and journals. 
 Qualifications:
 BS, MS, PhD Degree in a relevant field. 
Research and project work that is closely aligned with the areas of interest to TRI including autonomous driving, robotics, accelerated materials design and development, and machine assisted cognition. 
Demonstrated creativity and innovation and desire to see research discoveries brought to life in new products and services. 
Comfort operating in an environment where openness, curiosity, and humility are highly valued. 
Ability to work in a team including software and communication skills. 
Interest in learning from others while contributing to TRI’s vibrant research community. 
 Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information. Toyota Research Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Intern jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Toyota Research Institute in Los Altos, CA Research Intern salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
