
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Senior Engineer - Arlington, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Senior Engineer Redhorse Corporation 48 reviews Arlington, VA 22209 Redhorse Corporation 48 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Artificial Intelligence Enterprise Senior Engineer 
 About the Organization 
 Now is a great time to join Redhorse Corporation. Redhorse specializes in developing and implementing creative strategies and solutions with private, state, and federal customers in the areas of cultural and environmental resources services, climate and energy change, information technology, and intelligence services. We are hiring creative, motivated, and talented people with a passion for doing what's right, what's smart, and what works. 
 Position Description 
 Redhorse Corporation is actively seeking an  Artificial Intelligence (AI) Enterprise Senior Engineer  to provide direct support to a Deputy Secretary of Defense-directed, OUSD(I&S)-led initiative to bring increased artificial intelligence capability to the Defense Intelligence Enterprise (DIE), primarily through the acquisition or development of computer vision algorithms capable of performing a number of automated tasks. The Senior Engineers on this task are high performing individuals who desire to work on the cutting edge of AI and deep learning and make a transformational difference to the DIE. Contractors will be experienced operating within fast-paced, challenging, multi-faceted projects supporting multiple lines of effort. 
 Tasks, duties, and responsibilities include: 
 Providing for translation of a system (or subsystem, program, project, activity) concept into a preliminary and detailed design (engineering plans and specifications), performing risk identification/analysis, mitigation, traceability, and then integrating the various components to produce a working prototype or model of the system. Typical associated tasks include, but are not limited to, computer aided design (CAD), design studies and analysis, design review services, shop drawing review services, submittal review services, conducting fire protection facility surveys, developing risk reduction strategies and recommendations to mitigate identified risk conditions, fire modeling, performance-based design reviews, high level detailed specification and scope preparation, configuration, management and document control, fabrication, assembly and simulation, modeling, training, and consulting. 
 Directing the gathering of user requirements and translating them into workable automated solutions. In-depth knowledge of artificial intelligence database architectures, object-oriented design, and systems implementation. Capability to assess products and procedures for compliance with government standards, and information assurance. Must be able to lead all stages of a project's life cycle, including the creation and monitoring of schedules, requirements documentation, systems design and specifications, and project status reporting. 
 Possessing knowledge of the DoD Risk Management Framework (RMF) which, describes the DoD process for identifying, implementing, assessing, and managing cybersecurity capabilities and services, expressed as security controls, and authorizing the operation of Information Systems (IS) and Platform Information Technology (PIT) systems. RMF brings a risk-based approach to the implementation of cybersecurity, supports cybersecurity integration early and throughout the system lifecycle, promotes reciprocity to the maximum extent possible and stresses continuous monitoring. RMF replaces the DoD Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP). Familiarity with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) for DoD information assurance systems accreditation is helpful. 
 Basic Minimum Requirements for Skills, Experience, Education and Credentials include: 
 Bachelor’s degree in engineering from an Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) accredited college or university with 8 years of related experience  is  r equired . 
 Experience in system development, improvements, optimization or support efforts  is   required . 
 Experience in risk assessments and analysis of system implementation  is required . 
 Experience with integrating and configuration of systems  is required. 
 Extensive knowledge in the development, application, and execution of DOD systems  is   highly desired. 
 Proven experience with software development and/or development of artificial intelligence/machine learning software  is   highly desired . 
 Experience in providing technical project management of complex, integrated systems with little or no oversight  is   required . 
 Demonstrated experience in oversee development of new AI/ML capabilities and if needed, support efforts by developing, testing and/or deploying software  is  highly desired . 
 Current Top Secret SCI security clearance  is required. 
 Redhorse Corporation shall, in its discretion, modify or adjust the position to meet Redhorse’s changing needs. 
 This job description is not a contract and may be adjusted as deemed appropriate in Redhorse’s sole discretion. 
 EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled Redhorse Corporation 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Redhorse Corporation in Arlington, VA Senior Engineer salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Redhorse Corporation Redhorse Corporation 48 reviews Redhorse Corporation seeks to improve the way government interacts with and uses data and technology in the national security, energy, an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
