
 
 
 
 Research Facilitator–Artificial Intelligence Workflows - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Facilitator–Artificial Intelligence Workflows University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Full-time University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description UF Information Technology (UFIT) is currently seeking to fill the role of Research Facilitator–Artificial Intelligence Workflows to join Research Computing, a unit within UFIT. 
 
This Systems Administrator serves in an expert-level role within UF Research Computing (RC), a unit of UF Information Technology (UFIT). This position is responsible for advanced system administration tasks, design and implementation of systems in support of scientific and engineering workflows, advanced user support and consulting, including advanced Artificial Intelligence (AI) system and user support for high-performance and data-intensive computing resources operated by UF Research Computing in support of advanced scientific, engineering, and scholarly research. 
 
About UF Information Technology 
 
The UF Information Technology division is comprised of seven departments reporting to the Vice President & Chief Information Officer. The departments reporting directly to the VP & CIO are: Academic Technology, Research Computing, Infrastructure & Communication Technology, Enterprise Systems, Information Security Office, and the UFIT Business Center. With established governance advisory committees and a set of well-defined, transparent processes aiding decision-making, UFIT strives to provide exceptional IT services in support of UF’s mission. 
 
Learn more about UFIT at https://it.ufl.edu/ and @GoGatorsUFIT. 
 
About Artificial Intelligence (AI) University 
 
Research Computing, a unit in University of Florida, Information Technology, seeks to build a collaborative and diverse team that works to support research across the university. In a groundbreaking partnership between UF and NVIDIA, announced on July 21, 2020: 
 
https://news.ufl.edu/2020/07/nvidia-partnership/ 
 
UFIT Research Computing team is on the frontline to support both education and research activities on the computing infrastructure. We will hire enthusiastic people who like to collaborate in a team environment and will bring a creative mindset to contribute to the mission.
 
 About the University of Florida 
 
 UF is one of the nation’s top universities and a dynamic and rewarding place to work. The University seeks to recruit and retain a diverse workforce as a reflection of its commitment to serve a diverse global community. Plus, UF is in Gainesville, one of Florida’s most livable cities. Known for its natural attractions (wetlands, forests, springs, wildlife) and cultural offerings (music, theater, visual arts, and historic districts), the area also is gaining a reputation as a thriving hub for high-tech start-ups, as well as invention and research collaborations. We are excited about what’s happening here and know you will want to be a part of it. 
 
 UF Information Technology is committed to attracting, hiring, and retaining a diverse workforce and values diversity of thoughts, background, and experience. Achieving a top-5 public university ranking means we make it a priority to employ and work with people with different backgrounds, cultures, abilities, and ethnicities to discover new ways to leverage technology for teaching, learning, research, and the business needs of a comprehensive land-grant institution. We welcome applications from individuals who would bring additional dimensions to the university’s vision and mission. 
 
 
 Expected Salary: 
 
 $79,000 – $90,000; commensurate based on education and experience. In addition, the University of Florida offers a very competitive benefits package. https://benefits.hr.ufl.edu/ 
 
 Minimum Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor's degree in an appropriate area and four years of relevant experience; or a high school diploma or equivalent and eight years of relevant experience. Appropriate college coursework or vocational/technical training may substitute at an equivalent rate for the required experience but does not negate the minimum degree requirement(s). 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 The ideal candidate will possess the following education, experience and skills:
 Linux server system administration (RedHat) 
 Virtualization (KVM, VM management) 
 Containerization (Docker, Singularity) 
 Scripting and shell programming 
 Good communication and collaboration skills 
 Customer support, troubleshooting 
 Advanced engineering of systems, frameworks, workflows, tools on Linux platform 
 
 Preferred skills, expertise, and experience: 
 
 Windows server system administration (Windows Server 2012 or newer) 
 Build and manage VM images Linux and Windows 
 Slurm scheduler 
 Kubernetes scheduler 
 Security Information and Event management (SIEM) tool 
 AI tools (deep learning, neural networks, tensorflow) 
 One or more applications domains: engineering, science, medicine, social sciences, digital humanities, language processing, big data analysis 
 Compliance framework and practice (NIST Risk Management Framework, NIST 800-53, NIST 800-171, Cyber Security Framework, FISMA, CUI) 
 
 To be successful in this position, the incumbent must: 
 
 Manage multiple tasks to deadlines; communicate progress at regular intervals. 
 Superior analytical and problem-solving. 
 Provide excellent service through professional and courteous interactions with internal and external customers while meeting business needs. 
 Work as a team member and collaborate to motivate others. 
 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants: 
 
 Applicants are requested to submit with their application: 
 
 Cover Letter 
 Resume and/or CV 
 Professional References (Minimum of 3) 
 
 Application must be submitted by 11:55 p.m. of the posting end date. 
 
This position has been reposted. Previous applicants are still under consideration and need not reapply. 
 
AI@UF 
 
 Health Assessment Required: 
 
 No University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Merchandise Flow Team Member jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Merchandise Flow Team Member salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
