
 
 
 
 Soc/Clin Research Assistant - Chapel Hill, NC 27599 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Soc/Clin Research Assistant University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 440 reviews Chapel Hill, NC 27599 $20 - $30 an hour  -   Part-time, Temporary University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 440 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $20 - $30 an hour Job Type Part-time Temporary Full Job Description Position Type   Temporary Staff (SHRA) 
 
 Job Title   Soc/Clin Research Assistant 
 
 Department Name   Biomedical Res Imaging Ctr - 426001 
 
 Vacancy ID   S018351 
 
 Position Posting Category   Research Professionals 
 
 Hiring Range   $20.00-$30.00/hour 
 
 Full-time/Part-time   Part-Time Temporary 
 
 If part-time, how many hours per week?   20 
 
 Work Schedule 
 
 Proposed Start Date 
 
 Estimated Duration of Appointment   6 months not to exceed 11 months 
 
 Posting Open Date   08/26/2021 
 
 Posting Close Date   09/23/2021 
 
 Description of Work 
 Multiple research assistant positions in artificial intelligence for radiation oncology are available in the Department of Radiation Oncology and Biomedical Research Imaging Center (BRIC) at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC-Chapel Hill). 
 
The research will focus on developing and validating learning-based segmentation methods for multimodal pelvic images for radiation treatment. Another research focus is on the automatic detection and prediction of brain tumors based on MR images. 
 
The successful candidates will be part of a multidisciplinary group including computer scientists, medical physicists, biostatisticians, and radiation oncologists. The new research will build upon the group’s previous work on medical image analysis using artificial intelligence. UNC-Chapel Hill is one of the top public universities in the US. The cancer center and BRIC have a national reputation in cutting-edge research, clinical care, and training next-generation professionals. Chapel Hill, NC, routinely ranks as one of the best college towns and best places to live and raise a family in the United States. 
 
 
 Education and Experience 
 Bachelor’s degree; or equivalent combination of training and experience. All degrees must be received from appropriately accredited institutions. 
 
The successful candidate should have a strong background in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, or Medical Physics, preferably with an emphasis on deep learning, image analysis, and big data. Experience in medical image segmentation, registration, and optimization for radiation therapy is highly desirable. Proficiency in programming (good command of LINUX, C and C++, and Python) is required. 
 
 Special Physical and Mental Requirements 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer Statement 
 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, race, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. 
 
 Stimulus/ARRA Funded   No 
 
 Special Instructions
 
 Temporary Employment Policies 
 Temporary Employment Policies 
 
 Quick Link   https://unc.peopleadmin.com/postings/198231 
 
 Office of Human Resources University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Assistant jobs in Chapel Hill, NC Research Assistant salaries in Chapel Hill, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 440 reviews The nation’s first public university is at the heart of what’s next, preparing a diverse student body to become creators, explorers, inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
