
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate Professor - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate Professor University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Full-time, Tenure track University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Engineering School of Sustainable Infrastructure and Environment (ESSIE) in the Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering (HWCOE) at the University of Florida invites applications for a full-time, nine-month tenure-track faculty position in Geotechnical Engineering at the rank of Assistant/Associate Professor. This position has an anticipated start date of August 2022. 
We are seeking candidates in three areas: 1) geohazard assessment and mitigation, 2) coastal geotechnics, and 3) AI geotechnics. Applicants who can leverage AI applications for assessment of multi-hazards (e.g., subsidence, landslide, and earthquake) and design of metamaterials used for geohazard mitigation are particularly encouraged to apply. The faculty member will be expected to teach undergraduate and graduate courses within the geotechnical engineering curricula; initiate and sustain externally sponsored research programs; recruit and supervise graduate students; and engage in service activities for the University and the profession. 
The University of Florida is the flagship campus of the State of Florida university system and is ranked as the #6 best public US university according to US News and World Report. UF recently announced a $70 million artificial intelligence partnership with NVIDIA to create an AI-centric data center that houses the world's fastest AI supercomputer in higher education. Of relevance to this new faculty position, the HWCOE is in the process of creating the programmatic backbone to UF’s efforts to change the future of education and workforce development through university-wide AI training and experiential learning efforts. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Applicants must possess a PhD in a related field by the start date. Dedication to excellence in research, teaching, and service, and evidence of scholarly achievements are required. The candidate should have a record of or demonstrate the potential for successful proposal writing, PhD student mentoring, scholarship, and classroom teaching. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
The search committee will begin reviewing applications immediately, with the first full committee screening occurring on, November 1, 2021 and will continue to receive applications until the position is filled. All applications must be submitted through Interfolio at: https://facultyjobs.hr.ufl.edu/. (Please see Job Requisition #79605). Complete applications must include the following files in PDF format: (1) cover letter (summary, introduction related to hiring emphasis areas, and any synergies with ESSIE, (2) a curriculum vitae; (3) a statement describing the applicant’s experience in enhancing diversity, equity and inclusion through research, teaching, or service, and vision for promoting a more inclusive experience at the University of Florida; (4) a research program vision statement detailing short- and long-term goals; (5) a teaching statement describing the applicant’s teaching experience and vision for developing a teaching program at the University of Florida; (6) up to three refereed journal or conference articles (co-)authored by the applicant; and (7) the names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses of no less than three and up to five references. To be competitive, candidates for this faculty position should submit a cover letter, research statement, and education vision statement that complement the overall mission of the department. The cover letter should be addressed to: Dr. Khiem Tran, Search Committee Chair. 
The final candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. Selected candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an educational institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES). 
Questions about this position may be directed to Dr. Khiem Tran, Department of Civil and Coastal Engineering, University of Florida, 365 Weil Hall, P.O. Box 116580, Gainesville, FL 32611-6580. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. The “government in the sunshine” laws of Florida require that all documents relating to the search process, including letters of application/nomination and reference, be available for public inspection. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call (352) 392-2HRS or the Florida Relay System at  (800) 955-8771  (TDD). 
University of Florida values broad diversity in its faculty, students, and staff, and creates an inclusive and welcoming climate for learning, research, and other work. We strongly encourage applications from women, members of groups that are underrepresented in the profession, individuals with disabilities, and veterans. The college of engineering has a policy of non-discrimination with respect to race, creed, color, religion, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, national origin, political opinions or affiliations, genetic information and veteran status as protected under the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act. According to Florida law, applications and meetings regarding applications are open to the public on request. 
#category=69 
 
OPEN DATE 
Aug 13, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
19070000 - EG-ENG SCH SUSTAIN INFRST & ENV University of Florida 30 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
