
 
 
 
 Algorithm Scientist – Imaging - Coralville, IA 52241 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Algorithm Scientist – Imaging VIDA Diagnostics Coralville, IA 52241 Remote COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 VIDA is a growing company with BIG focus. Our amazing team is focused on transforming pulmonary care through a combination of AI-powered analysis and image analysis services. We are on the leading edge of artificial/augmented intelligence (AI) in medical imaging, with a focus on computed tomography, and are working with the industry’s biggest players. We are fighting to provide greater precision and personalization across a range of lung diseases from emphysema and airway obstructive diseases (COPD)—to asthma, interstitial lung disease, and lung cancer. While we are a small company, our benefits reflect those of a larger company. We love and are very passionate about the work we do and want to add to our VIDA team! 
 Title:  Algorithm Scientist – Imaging 
 Location:  Coralville IA, Minneapolis MN, or Remote 
 SUMMARY 
 VIDA is seeking an experienced Algorithm Scientist – Imaging to develop imaging-based AI and predictive analytics to transform pulmonary care. VIDA has an extensive, curated database of images and associated metadata, as well as strong research and clinical collaborators to leverage for the development of AI-enabled workflows and analyses to aid in the detection, diagnosis, treatment and management of patients with lung disease. The ideal candidate is creative and innovative, loves to solve problems, has a strong technical background and a passionate desire to help patients. This role comes with the opportunity to be a high performer within a company that’s fast-paced, dynamic, and quickly growing in all areas. 
 ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS 
 Develops novel algorithmic approaches to solving clinical challenges, leveraging image and associated metadata information 
 Defines data requirements for training and testing of machine learning methods and works with the broader team to amass data from internal and external sources 
 Seeks out important problems to be solved and/or improvements to existing solutions 
 Develops research plans, designs feasibility studies and outlines research procedures to be followed. 
 Provides expertise in their scientific field of specialty to managers, other department members, research partners and customers. 
 Packages algorithms for incorporation into VIDA’s products, ensuring algorithms meet resource, robustness, and performance requirements as well as clinical requirements. 
 Prepares reports and authors detailed findings. Supports research partners’ publications and publishes in line with company’s research goals 
 Contributes to patent strategy of the company, identifying patentable ideas and supporting the patent process 
 Ensures that research and algorithm development activities are conducted in compliance with company processes and requirements 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge skills and abilities required. Employees who do not possess the requirements for a job at the time of hire will not be considered for the position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 
 Must 
 PhD in Computer Science, Applied math, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or related field (or MSc with additional experience) 
 Advanced understanding of applications in image processing, with a strong track record of publications or significant product contributions in these areas 
 Strong mathematical background, especially in optimization theory, stochastic algorithms, and/or numerical methods with a passion for solving hard math problems 
 Strong Python programming skills and experience with Tensorflow and Keras 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic, clinically-focused, distributed team. Your history of mentoring other engineers and interns is a great bonus 
 Desired 
 Medical and clinical background 
 Strong C++ programming skills 
 Experience translating research to commercial product and clinical utility 
 Experience developing data mining applications 
 Systems software engineering knowledge and expertise in optimizing software for computational performance. 
 Education and Credential Requirements 
 PhD in Computer Science, Applied math, Electrical Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, or related field (or MSc with additional experience) 
 Language Requirements: 
 The primary language of VIDA Diagnostics is English. 
 SUPERVISON REQUIREMENTS 
This position reports to: CTO 
This position supervises: None VIDA Diagnostics 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at VIDA Diagnostics in Coralville, IA Company Info Follow Get job updates from VIDA Diagnostics VIDA is a growing company with BIG focus. Our amazing team is focused on transforming pulmonary care through a combination of AI-powered ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
