
 
 
 
 CG Generalist - Los Angeles, CA 90069 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CG Generalist Wonder Dynamics Los Angeles, CA 90069 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our CG Team is looking for an experienced CG Artist with the ability to take on a wide range of CG tasks. Candidates should have a strong sense of organization, artistic ability, and attention to detail as well as an eye for composition, light, and color. Work can be both independent and collaborative and is mentored by a strong group of senior artists. Strong animation skills are preferred. Additional Lighting, Compositing ,  Rigging skills are highly desirable. 
Requirements 
Experience in Look Development, VRay render software. 
Knowledge of plate lighting, image based lighting. 
Strong knowledge of full cg lighting/characters/environments. 
Strong background and experience in Asset Generation. 
Understanding of multi-pass rendering, and how the passes will be used for final composite. 
Experience in 3d scene layout. 
Knowledge of camera and mechanical animation. 
Previous background and experience in Modeling, Texturing. 
Solid understanding of Feature Film and/or Television production pipeline. 
Proven problem-solving skills and the dedication to create the highest quality images possible 
Excellent communication skills and technical knowledge, work well within a team, and independently 
Ability to learn new techniques, and develop new workflows. 
Familiarity with shot-tracking software is a plus 
What will be expected 
We are a very focused, hardworking group of individuals, and the same will be expected of you. We have an incredibly skilled team of VFX Artist, AI and machine learning engineers based in Los Angeles, California and Novi Sad, Serbia. 
About the company 
Headquartered in Los Angeles, CA and focused on the future of filmmaking, Wonder Dynamics’ mission is to revolutionize the production and post production process by utilizing the most advanced AI and machine learning technologies. They are striving to create new opportunities in the industry, democratize the use of visual effects and pave the way for the next generation of filmmakers. Involved are some of the most influential individuals in the field of film and AI. 
Why should you work for us? 
At the intersection of film and technology, this job will offer a very unique experience, and you will be exposed to a diverse set of fields spanning from film production and visual effects to AI, machine learning and computer vision. Because we are operating in uncharted territory, there will always be something new to learn on the horizon. We highly value our team and the support of our co-workers and strive to create the best environment to work in. Everyone involved has a passion for what we are building, and we love working with people who share that passion. 
Wonder Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity employer committed to maintaining a diverse, inclusive work environment. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants. 
 tMgG01fZsX Wonder Dynamics 4 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Wonder Dynamics in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wonder Dynamics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
