
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - New Mexico - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor New Mexico State University 550 reviews New Mexico Full-time New Mexico State University 550 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description New Mexico State University invites you to apply to be a part of a diverse, dynamic and welcoming learning and working environment in Las Cruces, NM. NMSU seeks employees who are creative and flexible in developing and evaluating new ideas and ways to evolve NMSU into the future. Located in the borderlands and adjacent to the mighty Rio Grande, NMSU is a proud Hispanic-serving institution in the minority-majority state of New Mexico. Southern New Mexico features an average of 294 days of sunshine annually, making NMSU ideal for job-seekers who enjoy hiking, mountain biking, canoeing and bird-watching. NMSU is committed to sustainability through improving and maintaining the quality of human life while preserving the integrity, stability, and beauty of ecological systems for the future. We are looking for student-centered employees with a passion for success. NMSU invites you to take the first step to your successful and rewarding career by applying today. 
 
NMSU is New Mexico’s land-grant and space-grant institution, a comprehensive research institution dedicated to teaching, research, public service and outreach. In addition, the NMSU system includes a satellite learning center in Albuquerque, Cooperative Extension Service offices located in each of New Mexico’s 33 counties, and 12 agriculture research and science centers. New Mexico State University is the institution of choice for more than 15,000 students from 49 states and 89 foreign countries. 
 
The City of Las Cruces is the second largest city in New Mexico and is located in Doña Ana County, approximately 45 miles north of El Paso, Texas, and 225 miles south of Albuquerque. Las Cruces is the economic and geographic center of the Mesilla Valley, the agricultural region on the floodplain of the Rio Grande which extends from Hatch to the west side of El Paso, Texas. The Organ Mountains, 10 miles to the east, are dominant in the city’s landscape, along with the Doña Ana Mountains, Robledo Mountains, and Picacho Peak. Las Cruces lies within a short driving distance of the Mexican border at Santa Teresa, as well as many other locations in the broader borderland region. 
 
Geography, climate, demographics, and ambiance of Las Cruces and NMSU combine to offer a truly excellent place to thrive. Family members will discover a warm, open community that offers an attractive array of activities and outdoor recreation, amenities, services and opportunities, whether they are looking for top-notch education, meaningful employment, or simply a safe and comfortable place to live. 
Position Number 197526 Position Job Title Assistant Professor Rank Assistant Professor Tenure Status Tenure Track Position Summary
 The Computer Science Department at New Mexico State University invites applications for a tenure-track position at the Assistant Professor level, with appointment starting date negotiable. We are seeking strong candidates with research expertise that can effectively complement there search foci of the department. An earned PhD degree in Computer Science or a closely related field is required at the time of appointment. Candidates with expertise focus in cybersecurity, networking, internet of things, software security, computer security, and artificial intelligence are encouraged to apply. However, exceptional candidates with strong background in other areas of Computer Science will also be considered. Applications from women, members of traditionally under-represented groups, and other individuals interested in contributing to the diversity and excellence of the academic community are strongly encouraged. Salary and start-up package will be competitive. 
Required Qualifications
 Ph.D. 
Preferred Qualifications (optional)
 Candidates with expertise focus in cybersecurity, networking, internet of 
things, software security, computer security, and artificial intelligence are 
encouraged to apply. 
Special Requirements of the Position Special Instructions to Applicants Campus/Work Site Appointment Status Regular, Full-time Appointment Full-time Equivalency 1.0 Appointment Base Academic Posting Date 06/15/2021 Closing Date 09/30/2021 Target Salary Rate Competitive Position funded by grant or other form of temporary funding No Anticipated Job Begin Date (optional) 10/18/2021 Anticipated Job End Date, if applicable (optional) New Mexico State University 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in New Mexico Jobs at New Mexico State University in New Mexico Assistant Professor salaries in New Mexico Company Info Follow Get job updates from New Mexico State University New Mexico State University 550 reviews New Mexico State University (commonly referred to as NMSU-Las Cruces, NMSU, New Mexico State, or NM State), is a major public, land-grant... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
