
 
 
 
 Financial Technology Assistant Professor TT - Newark, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Financial Technology Assistant Professor TT New Jersey Institute of Technology 327 reviews Newark, NJ Full-time New Jersey Institute of Technology 327 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Martin Tuchman School of Management at New Jersey Institute of Technology invites applications for an assistant professor tenure-track faculty position in financial technology for the 2022-2023 Academic Year. Candidates must have earned their Ph.D. or DBA in finance, financial technology or a closely associated academic area, preferably from an AACSB accredited school. Candidates with a doctorate in Computer Science (Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning) and who have relevant knowledge and/or experience in financial technology will also be considered.
 
We value a strong interest in research in financial technology, quantitative finance, and/or machine learning and artificial intelligence in financial markets and real estate technology. In addition, the applicant should be interested in teaching the full array of finance, financial technology, and related courses at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
 
 
 Prerequisite Qualifications: 
Successful candidates must demonstrate a record of scholarly accomplishment and a commitment to contributing original research into leading peer-reviewed publications. The individual must have completed the Ph.D. or DBA at time of appointment in September 2022. 
 
 Bargaining Unit: 
PSA 
FLSA: 
Exempt 
Full-Time 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants: 
Interviews of pre-qualified candidates will be conducted at the FMA Annual Meeting in Denver, Colorado (Oct 20 – 23, 2021). Include curriculum vitae, statement of teaching and research interests, and list of three references. Please direct any questions to Dr. Zhipeng Yan at zyan@njit.edu. 
> New Jersey Institute of Technology Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Financial Technology Associate jobs in Newark, NJ Financial Technology Associate salaries in Newark, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from New Jersey Institute of Technology New Jersey Institute of Technology 327 reviews The New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) is a public research university in the University Heights neighborhood of Newark, New Jerse... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
