
 
 
 
 Visual Resource Scientist - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visual Resource Scientist Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Chicago, IL Full-time Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Conduct visual resource and night sky/dark environments research; and develop and/or apply visual resource and night sky/dark environments inventory, impact assessment and mitigation systems and tools for energy and other large-scale onshore and offshore infrastructure projects and land management actions. Work closely with cultural resource specialists, ecologists and physical scientists in a multidisciplinary environment. Produce technical reports and publications of findings and results.
 Education and Experience Requirements
 Required skills:
 Experience in developing and applying visual resource inventory, impact assessment and mitigation systems.
 Working knowledge of U.S. federal agency visual resource inventory, impact assessment and mitigation systems.
 Skill in designing and conducting field-based and other research activities relating to impact assessment and mitigation for visual and night sky/dark environment resources.
 Considerable skill in written and oral communications.
 Ability to interact effectively with scientific and engineering professionals.
 Ability to meet project deadlines and staying within budgetary limits.
 Demonstrated success in working on several projects simultaneously.
 Must demonstrate excellent career growth potential, including proposal development.
 Ability to model Argonne’s core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity, and teamwork.
 Preferred, but not required:
 Geographic information systems.
 Night sky/dark environments impact assessment and mitigation.
 Federal land/water management agency policies and regulations.
 Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches.
 This position can be hired at one of two levels, and the qualifications for each are as follows:
 RD2: Bachelor’s Degree + 5 years of experience, or a Master’s Degree + 3 years of experience, or a PhD, or equivalent
 RD3: Bachelor’s Degree + 8 years of experience, or a Master’s Degree + 5 years of experience, or a PhD + 4 years of experience, or equivalent
 Job Family
 Research Development (RD)
 Job Profile
 Environmental Science and Engineering 2
 Worker Type
 Long-Term (Fixed Term)
 Time Type
 Full time
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment. Argonne National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Chicago, IL Scientist salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
