
 
 
 
 Entry Level Software Engineer - Schaumburg, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Entry Level Software Engineer Motorola Solutions 2,980 reviews Schaumburg, IL Full-time Motorola Solutions 2,980 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
 Company Overview
 At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security. 
 
 Department Overview
 Our Applied Technology organization puts some of Motorola Solutions' brightest minds on unique, highly challenging projects. Based on decades of experience with our customers, we apply leading-edge technologies to support security and safety throughout the world. We engineer our products from start to finish and manufacture them in-house. We're known for low volume and high capability with focused specialization in areas including software-defined radios, advanced antenna solutions, artificial intelligence and machine learning, cybersecurity, signals intelligence and more. We can't tell you much more about what we do, but we can tell you it's amazing.
 
 Job Description
 Analyzes, develops, designs, and maintains software for the organization’s products and systems. Performs system integration of software and hardware to maintain throughput and program consistency. Develops, validates, and tests: structures and user documentation.
 Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. 
 
 Basic Requirements
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering or Computer Science
 Software Development Experience and knowledge of C, C++, Python, or Java.
 Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain necessary security clearance as required by government contract. Some contracts may have higher-level clearance requirements.
 
 Travel Requirements
 Under 10%
 
 Relocation Provided
 None
 
 Position Type
 New Grad
 
 Referral Payment Plan
 Yes
 Our U.S. Benefits include:
 Incentive Bonus Plans
 Medical, Dental, Vision benefits effective Day 1
 401K with Company Match and Day 1 vesting
 9 Paid Holidays
 Generous Paid Time Off Packages
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 Paid Parental & Family Leave
 and more! 
 
 EEO Statement
 Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic. Motorola Solutions 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Software Engineer jobs in Schaumburg, IL Jobs at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, IL Entry Level Software Engineer salaries in Schaumburg, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Motorola Solutions Motorola Solutions 2,980 reviews Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI) is a global leader in mission-critical communications and analytics. Our technology platforms in mission-c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
