
 
 
 
 Manager, Modeling - Denver, CO 80221 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Manager, Modeling Transamerica Denver, CO 80221 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description Summary 
Transamerica has been helping people feel better about the future for more than 100 years, and we’re proud of the trust we’ve earned. But we believe our responsibility goes beyond insurance, investments, and retirement accounts. We’re also in the business of helping people improve their financial and personal well-being, so they can add more years to their lives, and more life to their years. 
 Job Description 
The Manager, Modeling will build and analyze sophisticated models for insurance products, investments and/or portfolios to increase company risk adjusted returns. Leverage advanced knowledge of actuarial, financial, statistical, data science and/or balance sheet modeling analytics to develop, test and validate models for various functions within the company. 
Responsibilities 
Focus on the development of Trader Dashboard, our in-house hedging and trading platform. 
Work closely with investment IT and derivative front office to maintain system integrity and constantly improve system performance. 
Maintain the existing derivative hedging and pricing models through coding, testing, and documentation. 
Model and quantify risks on different market factor sensitivities and P&L attributions of derivatives portfolio. 
Produce, maintain, and extend existing model implementations built in C#/Python. 
Implement risk reports and processes automation for risk management and operation. 
Create application and user interface with Python / Excel VBA for front desk. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree in a technical/quantitative discipline such as statistics, math, actuarial science, computer science, economics, engineering, or a related business field such as finance. 
Eight years of modeling experience (or six with Master's degree) with expert knowledge in two or more products such as insurance liability, asset valuation, derivatives modeling, liquidity management, machine learning, or artificial intelligence 
Five years of experience in advanced programming or actuarial systems customization 
Familiarity with asset liability management practices 
Good understanding of investment and finance concepts to creatively solve analytical problems 
Leadership skills to manage teams and projects 
Preferred Quantitative skills 
Strong skills in mathematical / statistical analysis and modeling 
Strong knowledge of capital market instruments and hedging strategies 
Comprehensive understanding of financial mathematics, portfolio theory, and asset allocation techniques 
Knowledge and professional experience with complex quantitative modeling, stochastics processes, PDE, numerical analysis, and probability theory 
Proficient with models and algorithms for derivatives on all asset classes 
Preferred Programming skills 
Proficient programming skills in a major programming language (C++, C#, Python) 
Strong knowledge of enterprise software and architecture 
Solid software development background or understanding of software development principles 
Experience involving software development and financial modeling in a trading environment 
Expertise with modern frontend development frameworks (Angular, React, Veu.js, ASP.NET) 
Expertise with Microservices and REST based API development 
Familiarity with database design techniques and philosophies 
**Please note that the compensation information that follows is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act and Equal Pay Transparency Rules. It is estimated based on what a successful Colorado applicant might be paid. It assumes that the successful candidate will be in Colorado or perform the position from Colorado. Similar positions located outside of Colorado will not necessarily receive the same compensation. ** 
Compensation: 
The salary for this position generally ranges between$125,000-$150,000. This range is an estimate, based on potential employee qualifications, operational needs and other considerations permitted by law. The range may vary above and below the stated amounts, as permitted by Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Rule 4.1.2. 
Bonus Eligibility:
 This position is also typically eligible for an Annual Bonus based on the Company Bonus Plan/Individual Performance and is at Company Discretion at a rate of 20% 
Working Environment: 
Office environment 
Occasional travel 
What You Receive: 
A Comprehensive  Wealth + Health  package. It’s our passion to empower people, and especially our employees, to add years to their lives and more life to their years. That means a healthy account balance and a healthy body to match. As you’ll come to discover, Wealth + Health is a central part of everything we do! 
Wealth Benefits; Competitive Pay, Bonus, and Benefits Package; Pension Plan, 401k Match, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Tuition Reimbursement, Disability Insurance, Stock Purchase Plan, Employee Discounts, Career Training & Development Opportunities, Certification Sponsorship 
Health and Work/Life Balance Benefits;  Be Well  Company sponsored holistic wellness program which includes Wellness Coaching and reward dollars, Parental Leave, Adoption Assistance, Employee Assistance Program, College Coach Program, Back-up Care Program, Paid Time Off to Volunteer, Employee Matching Gifts Program, Employee Resource Groups, Inclusion and Diversity Programs, Employee Recognition Program 
Our commitment to inclusion & diversity means that we value differences. We encourage the unique perspectives of individuals and are dedicated to creating a respectful and inclusive work environment. Transamerica 11 days ago original job Report job Model jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Transamerica in Denver, CO Model salaries in Denver, CO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
