
 
 
 
 Associate Data Scientist - Chicago, IL 60603 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Data Scientist WALGREENS 36,424 reviews Chicago, IL 60603 WALGREENS 36,424 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Summary: 
 
Applies data analysis resources and techniques to provide insights and actionable recommendations for the business. Uses statistical modeling to make predictions about future outcomes in multiple scenarios to improve products & processes. May explain findings to business audience. 
 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 
 Responsible for applying data analysis resources and techniques to provide insights and actionable recommendations for the business. Uses statistical modeling to make predictions about future outcomes in multiple scenarios to improve products & processes. May explain findings to business audience. Assists in executing statistical and mathematical analyses to support business decision making for multiple business functions. Uses algorithms and statistical predictive models and participates in determining analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes. Applies analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques such as predictive statistical models, customer profiling, segmentation analysis, survey design and analysis and data mining. Develops basic tests and validates hypotheses through the application of a range of advanced mathematical, statistical, scientific and/or computational techniques, such as probability models, machine learning, data mining, pattern recognition, data visualization, predictive analytics, data warehousing, artificial intelligence and/or other similarly complex methods. . Documents assigned aspects of projects including business objectives, data gathering and processing, leading approaches, final algorithm, detailed set of results and analytical metrics. Assists with developing materials to explain project findings. Escalates problems and roadblocks as they occur. Interacts with team members and peers and may interact with external peers to provide semi-routine information related to assigned tasks. May prepare and present interpretation of findings to internal clients. 
Basic Qualifications 
 
Bachelor's degree. 
Knowledge of analytics, statistical or mathematical concepts and techniques. 
Knowledge of analysis and data interpretation. 
Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state). 
 
Preferred Qualifications 
N/A Walgreens 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at WALGREENS in Chicago, IL Data Scientist salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from WALGREENS WALGREENS 36,424 reviews Walgreens (www.walgreens.com) is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), a global l... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
