
 
 
 
 VBA Subject Matter Expert - Washington, DC 20001 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VBA Subject Matter Expert IBM 30,891 reviews Washington, DC 20001 Full-time IBM 30,891 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
At IBM, we know that transformation drives change, and it is in our DNA to continuously transform. Our Business Transformation Consultants help drive large scale change that spans IBM business units and geographies. As a part of this team, you will have the unique opportunity to be a part of driving IBM’s ongoing transformation as a company that continuously innovates and leads the market. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
In this exciting position, the VBA SME is accountable for providing the contractor with subject matter expertise on the compensation or pension claims process as well as VBA’s mail intake process for these benefits. 
The VBA SME shall reduce the contractor’s reliance on VBA for requirements elicitation. 
Provide subject matter expertise 
Develop intellectual capital
 GBSHVL 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Experience working at a VBA Regional Office supervising or serving as a management analyst in a capacity associated with mail intake, pension, and or/claims rating
 Ability to work independently as well as in a highly collaborative, team-based environment 
 
 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Subject matter expertise on the compensation or pension claims process as well as VBA’s mail intake process for these benefits.
 Familiarity with RPA, AI and OCR
 Experience working with VA Data 
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. 
 
Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities. 
 
Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone. 
 
It's time to define your career. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
US Citizenship Required. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Subject Matter Expert jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at IBM in Washington, DC Subject Matter Expert salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,891 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
