
 
 
 
 Backend Engineer - Boston, MA 02109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Backend Engineer DataRobot 7 reviews Boston, MA 02109 Full-time DataRobot 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description:
 DataRobot is the leader in enterprise AI, delivering trusted AI technology and enablement services to global enterprises competing in today’s Intelligence Revolution. DataRobot’s enterprise AI platform democratizes data science with end-to-end automation for building, deploying, and managing machine learning models. This platform maximizes business value by delivering AI at scale and continuously optimizing performance over time. The company’s proven combination of cutting-edge software and world-class AI implementation, training, and support services, empowers any organization – regardless of size, industry, or resources – to drive better business outcomes with AI.
 DataRobot accelerates the process of building predictive models to get the most out of valuable data. Our product enables new data scientists to work effectively, gives veteran data scientists the rich detail and control they rely on, and greatly accelerates the process from data to production deployment of predictive models. 
 
The Business Ops team is responsible for creating AI Applications that are built on top of our DataRobot platform. We are creating the No Code Builder, which has drag & drop capabilities for quickly assembling an AI App. Our team uses the following technology on a routine basis: Python, flask, docker, pytest, MongoDB, redis, nginx, and RabbitMQ, among many others.
 
 
 Responsibilities
 Work closely with Product to define improvements to our flagship product that will help users succeed on their own.
 Design, implement, and test those features.
 Seek, give, and receive constructive feedback to teammates through code and specification reviews
 Main Requirements 
 
 3+ years of engineering experience, preferably in Python
 Prior experience designing, implementing, and communicating features with stakeholders.
 Effective verbal and written communication
 Desire to learn whatever it takes to drive a project to completion
 Good to have:
 Managing projects and communicating with engineers on other teams.
 Core Pydata stack is nice to have: numpy, scipy, pandas, and scikit learn
 Data Science and Machine Learning experience is nice to have 
 #LI-JL1
 DataRobot is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. DataRobot is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Please see the United States Department of Labor’s EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information. DataRobot 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Back End Developer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at DataRobot in Boston, MA Back End Developer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from DataRobot DataRobot 7 reviews Data Scientists by day, serious Kaggle competitors by night, the founders of DataRobot observed that many of the tasks involved in buildi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
