
 
 
 
 Researcher – Productivity and Intelligence – Microsoft Research - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher – Productivity and Intelligence – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,110 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Productivity + Intelligence group in Microsoft Research seeks researchers in the broad fields of information and data sciences with a demonstrated ability for independent research and a strong academic publication record. The Productivity + Intelligence group brings together expertise from artificial intelligence, human-computer interaction, information retrieval, and software engineering to work together on how people interact with information and software systems; how to build predictive models of language, code, and behavior; and how insights and knowledge mined from data can be used to characterize human behavior and its impact on productivity at the individual, organizational, and societal level. We work together with our collaborators in research and product teams on fundamental and applied research. 
We are particularly interested in candidates with experience in AI, HCI, Software Engineering, Information Retrieval or Data Science as well as experience in other areas related to our focus. Candidates are encouraged to browse some of our recent publications for examples of active areas of focus in the group. 
We offer a vibrant environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary, research, including access to diverse, real-world problems and data, opportunities for experimentation and real-world impact, an open publication policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. 
Responsibilities 
As a researcher in Microsoft Research, you will have the opportunity to develop your research career as a member of a world-class research organization. You will also have opportunities to see your ideas realized in products and services that will be used worldwide.
 Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: A PhD (completed or close to completion) in computer science or other related field (e.g., statistics, information science) A research track-record demonstrated by at least one publication as primary author in a top-tier peer-reviewed outlet on AI, HCI, Software Engineering, Information Retrieval or Data Science (e.g. NeurIPS, CHI, ICSE, ACL, WSDM, KDD, SIGIR, SIGSOFT, etc.) 
Preferred Qualifications: Experience working across academic disciplines; or experience across theoretical and applied settings. Ability to define an impactful research agenda. A well-established research track record as demonstrated by publications, open source software, etc. Demonstrated ability to collaborate and communicate effectively as part of a team. 
Please submit a CV and the names of at least three references as required by the online application. 
You should also upload: 2 conference/journal publications, book chapters or other writing samples which best demonstrate your expertise An academic statement (2-4 pages) that outlines both your research achievements and agenda, as well as your service and outreach activities and plans (for example, those related to mentoring or diversity) 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Researcher salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
