
 
 
 
 Communications Strategist - National Security Analysis & Artificial Intelligence - Laurel, MD 20724 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Communications Strategist - National Security Analysis & Artificial Intelligence Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews Laurel, MD 20724 Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Are you a creative communications professional who loves using your skills to craft compelling stories? 
 
Do you enjoy working with teams of scientists and engineers, leading them through the communications strategy process to ensure their message comes alive? 
 
Do you have an unbridled curiosity along with the ability to translate highly technical information, policy and ideas? 
 
We're seeking a Communications Strategist to tell outstanding narratives to both internal and external audiences. A newly-created position at the Lab, the strategist will serve our National Security Analysis and Artificial Intelligence experts as a trusted communications advisor. 
 
 As a Communications Strategist you will: 
 
Coordinate and execute communications strategies by working closely with our leadership team and technical staff. 
Translate complex technical topics and policy analyses into understandable and visually compelling communications products. 
Act individually and with a team of creatives to craft captivating content for external and internal audiences, including, but not limited to: articles, graphics, presentations, marketing materials, displays, events, digital media, and more. 
Serve as a trusted strategic advisor, crafting clear messages and selecting appropriate channels, as needed. 
Champion partnerships both inside and outside the Laboratory to share our important work. 
Provide thought-leadership on emerging trends in communications and design. 
Demonstrate how the state-of-the-art in communications can be combined with detailed audience research to truly make our work come alive! 
 
Qualifications 
 
 You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you have: 
 
A Bachelor's Degree in Communications, Graphic Design, English, Journalism, Marketing, Public Relations, Science, Social Sciences or a related field. 
At least 6+ years of proven experience in crafting integrated campaigns and communicating highly technical subject matter including policy. 
Demonstrated experience in assessing dynamic situations and collaborating across complex organizations. 
Experience working with creative teams. 
An aptitude for analyzing and using data in the development and presentation of compelling messages. 
Excellent written, verbal, interpersonal, analytical thinking, project management and organizational communications skills. 
An ability to operate independently, set priorities, and adjudicate competing needs in a large organization. 
Are able to obtain a Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. 
 
You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you... 
 
10+ years of proven experience in communications. 
Familiarity with the military, intelligence community, Department of Defense, and government communications. 
Experience with reputation management and executive communications. 
Proficiency in developing, managing, and marketing successful and sophisticated cross-channel communications campaigns. 
A Secret-level (or higher) security clearance. 
 
Why work at APL? 
 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation's most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. At APL, we celebrate our differences and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL's campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at http://www.jhuapl.edu/careers. Johns Hopkins 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Officer jobs in Laurel, MD Security Officer salaries in Laurel, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews The Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is a university-affiliated research center (UARC). APL solves complex research, engine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
