
 
 
 
 Support Planner - Issaquah, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Support Planner Microsoft 7,267 reviews Issaquah, WA Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
With over 15,000 employees worldwide, the Microsoft Customer Experience and Success (CEnS) organization is responsible for the strategy, design, and implementation of the Microsoft end-to-end customer experience. This newly expanded organization reflects the Microsoft ambition to be known as a customer experience company, ensuring our Microsoft mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more is enabled by delighting customers and consistently exceeding their expectations in every interaction through a connected customer experience. 
Microsoft has a tremendous opportunity to exceed customer expectations and drive greater customer loyalty and trust, which leads to greater satisfaction, retention, and growth. The CEnS organization is looking for people with a passion for delivering customer success to help us build a future where customers come to us, not only because we provide industry-leading products and services, and also because we provide a differentiated and connected customer experience that is rooted in our commitment to delivering on customer outcomes. 
Are you passionate about technology, sales, and creating positive customer experiences? Do you thrive in an environment where you not only create the digital engagement strategy in an omnichannel platform but also get to define requirements and work with engineering to test and implement? Is the core of your approach focused on how what you implement drives key business KPIs and results? Can you think big picture and execute tactically? Are you organized, thrive in a fast-past team, and can create order out of ambiguity? Are you articulate and adaptable to explain technical concepts across different stakeholder groups? If you answered yes to these questions, then this role may be right for you. 
Responsibilities 
CSS is looking for a Modality Planner to collaborate with internal business functions and stakeholders to develop and evolve our digital engagement strategy, planning, and implementation to create a better customer frontline interaction including online, offline, and omnichannel. 
In this role as Modality Planner you will partner with Web Teams, Marketing Technologists, Compliance, Telecom, Chat, CRM Engineering, and Contact Center Operations to:
 
 Create the business technology stack roadmap with feature requirements to implement and improve chat, phone, AI/bots, and other modality capabilities Execute modality planning including the strategy, milestones, key dependencies, testing plans, and release/change management Lead our multichannel tool capabilities to an omnichannel experience Research and evaluate omnichannel industry trends to identify, prioritize, and capitalize on emerging technologies
 Leverage experiment methodology to test hypothesis and best solutions Work across functional areas to ensure clear communication, collaboration, and integration between modalities, CRMs, and other tools 
Qualifications 
Required Qualificatoins: 
 3+ years of experience with breadth and depth of experience with technical channel management of chat and telecom & other modalities 5+ years’ experience in Contact Center Technology 
Preferred Qualifications: 
 Working knowledge of CRMs and/or Marketing automation platforms and digital marketing Experience in Sales, Marketing or Customer Support Proficient in Agile methodology and project management for complex tools with proven business impact Experience developing AI/ML/bots, preferably for Contact Centers Self-motivated with demonstrated cross group collaboration Highly organized and detail focused
 Strong verbal and written communication skills Bachelor’s degree preferred 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Support Planner jobs in Issaquah, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Issaquah, WA Support Planner salaries in Issaquah, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
