
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist BigRIO United States Remote $70 - $75 an hour  -   Contract Job details Salary $70 - $75 an hour Job Type Contract Full Job Description Role: Data Scientist/ Research Scientist 
 
Duration: Full time Role with Bigr.io 
 
Location: Entirely Remote - US based ? (East Coast Hours Preferred) 
 
Ph.D is Mandatory ? 
 
W2 consultants only 
 
About US: 
 
BigR.io is a technology consulting firm empowering data to drive innovation and advanced analytics. We specialize in cutting-edge Big Data, Machine Learning, and Custom Software strategy, analysis, architecture, and implementation solutions. We are an elite group with MIT roots, shining when tasked with complex missions. Whether it's assembling mounds of data from a variety of sources, surfacing intelligence with Deep Learning, or building high-volume, highly-available systems, we consistently deliver. 
 
About the Role: 
 
Would be a part of the Data Science team, we are looking for a Data Scientist/ Research Scientist to be hands-on focused on solutions within our client's application teams. Our client is in the early stages of building an AI/Client Platform to accelerate and automate all our operations and unlock the creation of our future products, and we'd love you to join us and help lead the way. 
 
? You will apply new techniques that are out there in scientific literature. 
 
? You will look at the cutting edge solutions, and find the new things in conferences and letters, back out the approaches and see how they can apply them 
 
? Bringing your strong experience in the E-commerce world to leverage best practices. 
 
? Strong with Applied Systems. 
 
? Own and drive initiatives from conception to completion and production monitoring 
 
? You will work in a fast-paced cross-functional environment 
 
About you: 
 
? You have strong previous experience in data science and analysis. 
 
? Experience leading a team along with hands on work would be a plus. 
 
? You're familiar with best practices in data science & engineering. 
 
? Experience working in would be ideal. 
 
? Strong knowledge on python stacks; familiar with various python models. 
 
? You have experience working with relational and NoSQL databases. 
 
? Data warehousing experience, particularly with Redshift, is a plus 
 
? SciKit and Deep Learning experience is a bonus! 
 
? You have experience with cloud ecosystems. Experience with Azure is a plus 
 
? Master's Degree is must, Phd would be a plus 
 
? is preferred Simply Hired 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in United States Jobs at BigRIO in United States Data Scientist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from BigRIO Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
