
 
 
 
 HR Consulting Lead - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HR Consulting Lead Microsoft 7,267 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission.
 We are looking for an HR Consulting Lead who is passionate about influencing and impacting high growth and dynamic businesses through effective management (both proactive and reactive) of employee relations and related activities. This person will be a member of the HR Consulting team accountable for leading a team of HR Consultants who manage employee relations cases across the entire C+AI organization. They will analyze trends and build linkages to management development, retention efforts, to support the People Plans.
 The Cloud + Artificial Intelligence (C+AI) group is leading the way to enable Microsoft’s Cloud-First/Mobile-First strategy, and to transform both the industry and the future of enterprise computing. Our HR Consulting team provides world class HR service to the ~30,000 US managers and employees of C+AI.
 Responsibilities 
People Management
 Managers deliver success through empowerment and accountability by modeling, coaching, and caring. 
Model  - Live our culture; Embody our values; Practice our leadership principles. 
Coach  - Define team objectives and outcomes; Enable success across boundaries; Help the team adapt and learn. 
Care  - Attract and retain great people; Know each individual’s capabilities and aspirations; Invest in the growth of others. 
Management of Employee Concerns 
Directs the diagnostics and resolution of issues with increasing complexity, visibility and risk related to policy or culture concerns/violations and incident or threat response, independently or by collaborating with managers, peers in Human Resources and Legal profession as appropriate; recommends solutions to address issues from a systematic perspective (e.g., establishing new principles/tools) while prioritizing employee experiences to maintain a safe and professional work environment. 
Assists/Partners with Employee Relations Investigations Team (ERIT) or Office of Legal Compliance (OLC) in investigations of serious cases and implements appropriate remediation in conjunction with a business, region, or geography; may lead the investigations for a business, region, or geography where resources are limited; ensures appropriate documentation of issues is in place. 
Interprets trends in employee relations issues; designs and recommends interventions and solutions to facilitate an open, inclusive, Microsoft values-based environment that enables effective employee relations for an assigned business, region, or geography 
HR Solutions Consulting 
Provides expert consulting services to managers and employees in one or more focus areas related to Human Resource (HR) programs, processes, and initiatives, and holds their team accountable for doing the same; represents their focus area in the broader Human Resource (HR) community; influences the future direction of Human Resource (HR) work by synthesizing insights and contributing perspectives, expertise, and leadership. 
Leads data analytics and organizational health diagnostics by creating analysis plans and leading the collaboration with Human Resources Business Partnership (HRBP); generates and/or presents trends and insights on organizational health solutions; recommends action plans to business leaders based on analytics and business/local needs. 
Capability Building 
Identifies the appropriate approach and leverages resources to enhance manager capability by conducting one-on-one consulting/coaching with business leaders, or by engaging relevant stakeholders and Human Resource (HR) partners in capability building conversations. 
Leads their area in the collaboration with peer disciplines or professions (e.g., Talent Management, Learning and Development), as well as global Human Resource partners, to contribute insights, leverage resources, and provide capability building support for the leadership of a business, region, or geography via scalable projects, programs, and/or initiatives (e.g., manager excellence community, manager capability, onboarding, team-building, rewards communication). 
Identifies and aggregates training needs within the business, region, or geography supported; develops implementation plans to address the training needs identified, and partners with peer Human Resource (HR) disciplines in developing and coordinating respective trainings as needed. 
HR Project and Programs 
Partners with Centers of Excellence on implementing and capitalizing on scalable Human Resources programs and processes (e.g., Rhythm of Business (ROB)/performance and development cycle, management excellence communities, employee movement, ad-hoc projects); manages Human Resources processes for a business, region, or geography by reviewing progress and making recommendations on project/program management. 
Leads the design and implementation of local Human Resource (HR) projects or programs (e.g., critical positions retention, mid-year performance checkpoint) based on unique needs for a business, region, or geography; provides project guidance related to prioritization, timelines, budget, resourcing, and impact. 
Leverages, aligns, and integrates communication strategies and messages from the Center of Excellence (COE); guides others in the implementation of communication messages; collaborates with peer disciplines (e.g., Human Resources Business Partnership) to gain buy-in on programs and processes from business stakeholders. 
 Operational Compliance 
Interprets and advocates Microsoft values and compliance with Human Resource (HR) policies for a business, region, or geography. Identifies/raises needs to mitigate potential risks by collaborating with the Legal profession; collaborates with peers in other businesses, regions, or geographies to share input and drive standardized/scalable approach for enhancing compliance. 
Leads the localization/update of policies and procedures related to managed projects and programs; establishes partnerships with Human Resources policy owners and relevant stakeholders; may lead efforts to update policies (e.g., benefits-related) in collaboration with peer Human Resource (HR) disciplines (e.g., HR Shared Services Support). 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
9+ years of experience with Human Resources or business programs/processes OR Bachelor’s Degree and 7+ years of experience with Human Resources or business programs/processes. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
3+ years people management experience 
3+ years employee relations experience
 Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR)/Society for Human Resources Management-Certified Professional (SHRM- CP) 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job HR Consultant jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA HR Consultant salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
