
 
 
 
 Frontend Software Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Frontend Software Engineer ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Boston, MA Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
We are looking for Frontend Software Engineers to join our team. As a Frontend Software Engineer at Anduril you will be architecting and building out our front end features and tooling, deploying them to users, and making sure they're meeting users' requirements. You will be working alongside a team of engineers with diverse backgrounds. 
 
 As an early member of the team, your decisions today will have a large impact on the company today and into the future. We believe that simple systems are easier to understand, maintain, and scale. You will be making trade-offs as you work to ensure that our systems are prepared to scale — being able to effectively communicate these trade-offs with your teammates is a must. 
The ideal candidate has curiosity and experience in backend systems as well so that you can understand and contribute to it in support of your frontend responsibilities. 
 What you'll do 
Design, build, and deploy a real-time, map-based interface for displaying and interacting with sensor data and commanding physical assets 
Fetch and manage large streams of data while maintaining performant rendering in a low-friction user experience 
Build and design immersive image-viewing experiences on multiple platforms, including web-based and mobile 3D image viewing as well as integrated VR experiences 
 Required qualifications 
Degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree 
Experience working on frontend applications, especially data-intensive or map-based systems 
Proficiency with a programming language such as Javascript, Typescript, or Java 
Ability to empathize with end-users, to turn needs into features, and to balance user experience with engineering constraints 
U.S. Person status may be required as this position needs to access export controlled data. 
 Preferred qualifications 
We encourage people from all backgrounds go apply but our tech stack uses AWS, C++, Go, Typescript, and React so familiarity with all of these tools and languages would be useful 
Previous experience working with the DoD 
Startup experience 
3D mapping experience
 Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in Boston, MA Front End Developer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
