
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Software Engineer AI - San Diego, CA 92129 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Software Engineer AI Intel 5,494 reviews San Diego, CA 92129 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Habana Labs is an innovative company focused on developing purpose-built AI processors, disruptive solutions that will shape the future of AI and Deep Learning computing. Habana was founded in 2016 by successful entrepreneurs, launched its first AI Inference processor in 2018, its Training processor in 2019 and was acquired by Intel in December 2019. The company now operates as an autonomous subsidiary of Intel. Our vision to take AI processing from its current limits to the peak of its potential continues. We see challenges as opportunities, laser focus on execution and are determined to fulfill our vision to improve the quality of life, work, and leisure with our AI solutions. We are looking for exceptionally smart people who believe that AI will change the world and would like to join us on our exciting journey. 
 
Are you passionate about data science, solving problems, interacting with customers, and working on new applications and products? If yes, come and join our team. We are looking for a hands-on Data Scientist to join our world class engineering team, with in-depth knowledge of Python, deep learning frameworks, and hardware architecture. 
https://habana.ai/ 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
The candidate must have a Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar field with 6+ years of experience or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar field with 3+ years of experience. 
2+ years of Data Science, building deep learning models for large data sets 
4+ years of experience in Python experience and software design skills 
1+ year of software engineering experience with one or more of the following: 
Opensource deep learning frameworks 
Large machine learning workloads 
Performance optimizations 
Preferred Qualifications 
2+ years of experience in the following areas: 
Pytorch and/or TensorFlow internals 
C++ 
Hardware acceleration like GPU or ASIC 
Parallel and distributed programming 
Graph compilers 
Inside this Business Group 
The Data Center Group (DCG) is at the heart of Intel’s transformation from a PC company to a company that runs the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. The data center is the underpinning for every data-driven service, from artificial intelligence to 5G to high-performance computing, and DCG delivers the products and technologies—spanning software, processors, storage, I/O, and networking solutions—that fuel cloud, communications, enterprise, and government data centers around the world. 
Other Locations 
 
US, California, Santa Clara;US, Oregon, Hillsboro 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Intel in San Diego, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
