
 
 
 
 Open Rank - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open Rank Northeastern University 623 reviews Portland, ME Full-time Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  503827 
 Position Type:  Faculty Full-time (Non-Tenure Track) 
 Location:  Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Khoury College of Computer Sciences, College of Engineering 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
The Khoury College of Computer Sciences and Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering (College of Engineering) at Northeastern University invite applications for multiple positions at the rank of Assistant Teaching Professor/Associate Teaching Professor/ Teaching Professor in the Master’s Degree and the Align Bridge Program at The Roux Institute at Northeastern in Portland, Maine beginning in January 2021, June 2021, or September 2021. 
 
The Roux Institute represents an exciting expansion of Northeastern University’s global network to Portland, Maine. The mission of the Roux Institute is to develop and attract new talent to Maine, making Portland a hub for tech and the life sciences. In this environment, teaching faculty will build out and offer traditional courses and have the opportunity to develop more customized educational experiences. 
 
The Align Bridge Program’s mission is to close America’s tech diversity gap. We are reinventing Computer Science post-graduate education with an innovative Experiential Masters in CS for Non-Computer Science Majors. Scaling the Align program is a high priority initiative of Northeastern University’s Khoury College of Computer Sciences. 
 
Women represent more than 50% of all bachelor’s degree recipients but only 19.5% of CS graduates. Similarly, minoritized groups represent 25% of all bachelor’s degree recipients but just 10% of CS graduates. By closing these gaps, we will address not only a major economic issue, but also a profound issue of social equity and inclusion. 
 
The Align MS in CS program differs from a typical MS in CS program in several ways. It is 
 designed for students who did not earn an undergraduate degree in CS, 
 coupled with Northeastern’s famous co-op program to provide a paid 6-8 month work experience in one of the college’s network of 500+ corporate partners, 
 taught at night year-round so students can keep up with other commitments and finish in 2.5 years, and 
 offered locally at tech hubs across the country: Boston, San Francisco, Seattle, Silicon Valley, and Portland, ME. 
 
Our 5 year pilot to date has already demonstrated a graduation rate of 91%, with 100% employment and average salaries exceeding $100,000. Unlike code academies, our graduates are prepared for tech leadership career paths. Unlike undergraduate programs, the program takes only 2.5 years to complete. The Align program is nearing 300 graduates, with over 1000 more students currently enrolled. 41% of Align graduates and 53% of current Align students are women, and 8% of current Align students are members of minoritized groups. It is the ideal onramp for bringing a diversity of race, gender and thought to America’s tech workforce. 
 
In addition to a commitment to a diverse student body, Align has also built a diverse faculty to act as role models and leaders in computer science education. We offer a welcoming community of teachers and scholars and encourage applications from candidates who will enhance the diversity of our community. 
 
Northeastern University has retained Isaacson, Miller, a national executive search firm, to assist in this important recruitment. All applications, inquiries, and nominations, which will remain confidential, should be directed to the search firm as indicated at the end of this document. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
We are seeking highly-motivated individuals committed to excellence in teaching. Full-time appointments at all ranks are renewable, career-focused, non-tenure-track positions with responsibilities in teaching and service. Course releases are also possible for faculty who wish to make time for research and scholarship. The primary responsibilities of this position will be teaching CS or Data Science graduate courses at the MS-level and in the Align Bridge program. Given the partnership mission of the Roux Institute, there will also be opportunities to create custom educational experiences for corporate partners. 
 
We are searching across all areas of computer and data science with some preference for candidates who can teach core MS courses (Algorithms, Software Design, Networks, Security, or Web Development) or Machine Learning and AI. The successful candidate will create course content and materials, and collaborate closely with colleagues across all Northeastern University campuses (Boston, San Francisco, Seattle, Silicon Valley, Vancouver, Portland, London, and Toronto). Building relationships with students and service to the institute and wider university are an integral component of the position. Northeastern University is a global university recognized by our renowned co-op program and our focus on experiential learning. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Candidates must hold a PhD in an appropriate field (e.g., Computer and/or Information Science, Data Science, or Computer Engineering) from an accredited institution by the appointment start date. Demonstrated ability or potential for teaching excellence is required; new PhDs with a strong interest in teaching are encouraged to apply. Rank of appointment at the Assistant Teaching Professor, Associate Teaching Professor, or Teaching Professor level will be based on prior experience and will be discussed with candidates during the interview process. Successful candidates will have demonstrated an expert grasp of knowledge of the field and be creative in their approach to teaching in an environment of experiential education. Strong written, oral and interpersonal skills are required in order to communicate effectively with diverse and exceptional students in person and online. Successful applicants should be willing to teach in the evening and during summer sessions if appropriate. For more information about the Khoury College of Computer Science and the Northeastern College of Engineering, please visit https://www.khoury.northeastern.edu and https://coe.northeastern.edu. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
FAC 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting your teaching accomplishments, any diversity and inclusion efforts, and relevant professional experience; a curriculum vitae; a list of courses you would like and are qualified to teach; and the names and contact information of at least three references. We will be evaluating applications as they are submitted with an initial review date of October 15th. We will continue to accept applications until the positions are filled. 
 
Compensation is commensurate with qualifications. 
 
Please send all nominations, inquiries, applications, and expressions of interest in confidence and electronically to: 
 
Andy Lee 
 
Isaacson, Miller 
 
1300 19th St., NW 
 
Suite 700 
 
Washington, DC 20036 
 
www.imsearch.com/7643 
 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  23 Sep 2020 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
