
 
 
 
 Performance Science, Biomechanics Analyst - Saint Petersburg, FL 33705 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Performance Science, Biomechanics Analyst Tampa Bay Rays 38 reviews Saint Petersburg, FL 33705 Tampa Bay Rays 38 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Tampa Bay Rays baseball organization is seeking an Applied Biomechanics Analyst to join our Performance Science department. This role will to contribute to organizational efforts for quantifying the mechanics of baseball performance. This position offers the opportunity to develop and integrate biomechanical outcomes with other baseball performance science, analytics, player development, and medical initiatives, all aimed at improving the performance and well-being of players across the entire Rays organization. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 Collect and analyze data from various on and off-field biomechanical tools for player performance evaluation, injury risk assessment, and athlete monitoring. 
 Assist with the technical processing of biomechanical data and integration of data into current databases. 
 Collaborate and communicate with a diverse team of individuals across the organization including performance science staff, sports medicine personnel, front office personnel, coaches, and scouting. 
 Perform internal research integrating biomechanics data with other sources of injury and performance data to improve current and new evaluation and monitoring processes. 
 Contribute to various other performance science duties across the organization, as necessary. 
 
 
 Candidate Qualifications: 
 A curiosity and hunger to explore new technologies and develop innovative ideas that may provide impactful value to the organization. 
 Demonstrated experience with biomechanical data collection processes and analysis, including but not limited to: markered and/or markerless motion capture, IMU’s, force plates, computer vision, camera AI, and/or musculoskeletal modeling. 
 Technical background with various software tools in biomechanics processing, data analysis, and data visualization. Examples include Visual3D; SQL; R, Python, Matlab, Labview, or other coding languages; experience with markered or markerless motion capture software 
 Ability to effectively interact and communicate with a diverse team of individuals from across the organization including baseball performance scientists, analytics staff, sports medicine personnel, front office personnel, coaches, and scouting staff. 
 A graduate-level degree or 3+ years of experience in biomechanics, kinesiology, mechanical engineering, biomedical engineering, or related fields. 
 
All offers contingent on a satisfactory background check. 
 
Application Procedures: 
To apply, please provide the following documents via the Teamwork Online application link. 
A short statement describing your experience in the area of biomechanics and how it would complement the Rays organization. Please limit your response to 150 words or less. 
 
All applicants for employment are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 prior to commencing employment. Applicants who receive a conditional offer of employment will be required to produce proof of vaccination status prior to their first day of employment. Applicants with qualifying disabilities or bona fide religious objections, or who are pregnant, may be exempted from this requirement or otherwise accommodated if they are unable to be vaccinated. 
 
 Acknowledgement : (Yes/No) I understand that if offered a role and by accepting a role with the Tampa Bay Rays or Rowdies, I will be participating in COVID-19 community risk mitigation practices including wearing masks in common areas and being vaccinated against the virus . 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, gender identity, marital or veteran status, or any other protected class. Tampa Bay Rays 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Performance Analyst jobs in Saint Petersburg, FL Jobs at Tampa Bay Rays in Saint Petersburg, FL Performance Analyst salaries in Saint Petersburg, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tampa Bay Rays 38 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
