
 
 
 
 Full Stack Developer - Artificial Intelligence Based Techniques for Managing Client Data - Jersey City, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Developer - Artificial Intelligence Based Techniques for Managing Client Data JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Jersey City, NJ Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As an experienced Software Engineer for our team, you will participate in development, operation, and expansion of our Entity Resolution ecosystem. You will be involved in planning and implementation of solutions deployed to the cloud for use across the world. 
This role is ideal for someone with the following capabilities: 
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience 
 Proficiency in Relational Databases (MariaDB/MySQL/MS SQL Server) 
 Familiarity with Java or Scala and Spring Boot 
 Knowledge of entity resolution concepts, or specific experience with the Senzing Entity Resolution platform a plus 
 Knowledge of application, and data, architecture disciplines 
 Working proficiency with running containerized applications 
 Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals 
 Passionate about building an innovative culture 
 Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance, and software improvement 
 Solid proficiency with the Agile software development lifecycle 
 Experience with automated testing tools 
 Knowledge of ReactJS a plus 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Jersey City, NJ Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Jersey City, NJ Full Stack Developer salaries in Jersey City, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
