
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Blacksburg, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor Virginia Tech 631 reviews Blacksburg, VA Tenure track Virginia Tech 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description Job no:  517367 
 Work type:  Teaching & Research Faculty 
 Senior management:  College of Business 
 Department:  Business Information Technology 
 Location:  Blacksburg Area 
 Categories:  Instructional / Teaching Faculty 
 
 Job Description 
 
 The Department of Business Information Technology in the Pamplin College of Business at Virginia Tech invites applications for a tenure-track appointment at the Assistant Professor level beginning August 2022. The Business Information Technology major includes three degree options: Decision Support Systems (DSS), Operations and Supply Chan Management (OSM) and Cybersecurity Management and Analytics (CMA). Candidates should have an appropriate academic background and expertise to teach courses and pursue research in one or more of these degree options. Candidates who through their research, teaching, and/or service can contribute to the diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging efforts of the Pamplin College of Business community are encouraged to apply. 
 
Virginia Tech is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Women, underrepresented minorities, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. The Pamplin College of Business affirms strategic and intentional efforts that challenge the status quo and promote the diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging of all stakeholders. We are committed to people excellence and building a model inclusive community that embrace academic excellence and cultural humility broadly. While Pamplin has observed paramount progress toward advancing issues of diversity over the past decade, we are transcending with a renewed, data-driven focus to seize opportunities that address diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging issues of the 21st century. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Qualifications include an earned doctorate in information systems, information technology, operations management, management science or a closely related field, and evidence of prior teaching experience in one of these areas. In addition to strong evidence of teaching ability, a successful candidate is expected to demonstrate a commitment to excellence in research that will result in publications in the leading research journals in their academic field of expertise. In addition, faculty members are expected to engage in departmental, college, and university service activities. To qualify, candidates must have excellent communication and collaboration skills, an interest in developing and pursuing innovative curricula, and a strong interest in developing a high-quality research agenda. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Expertise in artificial intelligence, machine learning, emerging technologies and ethics. 
 
 Pay Band 
 
 N/A 
 
 Appointment Type 
 
 Regular 
 
 Salary Information 
 
 Commensurate with experience 
 
 Review Date 
 
 October 2, 2021 
 
 Additional Information 
 
 The successful candidate will be required to have a criminal conviction check as well as documentation of COVID-19 vaccination. 
 
 About Virginia Tech 
 
 Dedicated to its motto,  Ut Prosim  (That I May Serve), Virginia Tech pushes the boundaries of knowledge by taking a hands-on, transdisciplinary approach to preparing scholars to be leaders and problem-solvers. A comprehensive land-grant institution that enhances the quality of life in Virginia and throughout the world, Virginia Tech is an inclusive community dedicated to knowledge, discovery, and creativity. The university offers more than 280 majors to a diverse enrollment of more than 36,000 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students in eight undergraduate colleges, a school of medicine, a veterinary medicine college, Graduate School, and Honors College. The university has a significant presence across Virginia, including the Innovation Campus in Northern Virginia; the Health Sciences and Technology Campus in Roanoke; sites in Newport News and Richmond; and numerous Extension offices and research centers. A leading global research institution, Virginia Tech conducts more than $500 million in research annually. 
 
 Virginia Tech does not discriminate against employees, students, or applicants on the basis of age, color, disability, sex (including pregnancy), gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, or veteran status, or otherwise discriminate against employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants, or on any other basis protected by law. 
 
If you are an individual with a disability and desire an accommodation, please contact Tracy McCoy at tracym@vt.edu during regular business hours at least 10 business days prior to the event. 
 
 Advertised:  September 2, 2021
 
 Applications close: Virginia Tech 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Blacksburg, VA Jobs at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, VA Assistant Professor salaries in Blacksburg, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Virginia Tech Virginia Tech 631 reviews Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, popularly known as Virginia Tech, is a public, land-grant, research university with ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
