
 
 
 
 Bioinformatics Analyst I - La Jolla, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Bioinformatics Analyst I Salk Institute for Biological Studies 56 reviews La Jolla, CA Salk Institute for Biological Studies 56 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Application Instructions: 
 
Employment History  Include your last ten (10) years of employment history, or length of your employment history if less, including all positions (even those that are not relevant to this position) and periods of unemployment. Incomplete information could disqualify you from further consideration. 
 
POSITION SUMMARY 
 
The Michael Group in the Plant Biology Laboratory at the Salk Institute focuses on sequencing and analyzing plant genomes. The Bioinformatics Analyst I (BAI) position will work closely with the PI and other members of the lab to analyze plant genome data generated in the lab. The BAI will be responsible for executing and maintaining current analysis pipelines, building new analysis pipelines, and integrating new genomics tools when appropriate. The BAI will also work closely with members of the lab and larger Plant Biology group to interpret genomics data as well as assist in non-pipeline bioinformatics applications. 
 
There will be a specific focus on assembling plant genomes from Pacific Bioscience (PacBio) and Oxford Nanopore Technologies (ONT) long read sequencing technologies. The BAI will stay current on best practices and update the genome assembly pipelines according to advances in the sequencing technologies. The BAI will develop gene prediction strategies and ensure that the gene prediction pipeline integrates appropriate data types to ensure high quality gene models. In addition to genome assembly and analysis, the BAI will be responsible for analyzing and integrating multi-omic data sets such as resequencing, single cell, ATAC-seq, and DNA methylation. 
 
Other efforts will include the collection, integration and analyses of plant multi-omic data to enable discovery by lab-based biologists. The BAI will also work with scientists to visualize their data and develop high quality figures for papers when appropriate. The position will include presentation of scientific results to the larger Plant Biology Laboratory and scientific writing. 
 
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS 
 
 (25%) Research Design and Presentation 
 
 Contribute and assist with project inception, experimental design, analysis and result presentation. 
 Assist with the preparation of data for, manuscripts, publications, grant applications, posters and other presentations. 
 Present results verbally and with visual aids in one-on-one meetings, group meetings, or conferences. 
 Maintain digital and analog lab notebook, including experimental design, time, methods, materials and results. 
 
 (45%) Data Analysis 
 
 Assist host lab researchers and collaborators contribute to scientific discovery by assembling plant genomes, predicting genes, annotating gene sets, and integrating multi-omic datasets. 
 Work closely with researchers from multiple laboratories and scientific backgrounds simultaneously. 
 Work independently or with limited supervision on informatics research projects under direction from senior core staff or with research collaborators. 
 Use published pipelines, scripts, and tools to prepare and process large datasets. 
 Work in a cloud computing environment. 
 Keep informed of new developments and technical advances in the data science and machine learning fields by reading primary literature and vendor websites. 
 Assist in the analyses of genomics/next-gen sequencing data, including, but not limited to: RNA-Seq, ChIP-Seq, GRO-Seq, Hi-C, Bisulfite-Seq, single-cell RNA-Seq and other emerging methods. 
 
 (15%) Advanced Data Analysis 
 
 Keep abreast of new scientific advances in bioinformatics, data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning and biological fields related to current projects. 
 Research, implement, and test, and present on new tools and pipelines for high-throughput data analysis. 
 Participate in the design and coding of analysis pipelines and cutting-edge data analysis algorithms. 
 Participate in the design, coding, and presentation of novel analysis tools for cutting-edge data analysis. 
 Present advanced analysis results, tools, and pipelines at group meetings, scientific conferences, and scientific journals under the supervision of senior core personnel. 
 
 (10%) Data Science Training and Support 
 
 Provide assistance and training to researchers on how to analyze and interpret plant genome data. 
 Help educate and advise researchers on the pros and cons of available analysis tools, and approaches, in one-on-one training sessions, or larger group workshops. 
 Ensure users are aware of the limitations of analyses and approaches to help ensure high standard of scientific research. 
 
 (5%) Data Maintenance and Management 
 
 Help maintain scripts, software, website, tools, wiki, and pipelines. 
 Help ensure that servers, hardware and cloud instances relevant to data analyses are operating properly and report all possible problems. 
 Liaise with IT department and manufacturers with regard to hardware or software maintenance. 
 Upload genomic data to SRA/NCBI for long term retention. 
 
 EXPERIENCE 
 
Required: 
 
 A minimum of 6 months analysis experience with genome analysis OR 1 year experience in multi-omics analyses. 
 Programming experience (Perl, Bash, Python, C/C++, Java, or R) 
 Strong presentation and communication skills. 
 Experience working in a Linux/UNIX operating system in a high-performance computing environment 
 Familiarity with cloud computing and containerization. 
 Familiarity with next-generation sequencing technologies and assays. 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 Experience with analyzing plant genomes and/or plant biology. 
 Background and/or experience with machine-learning algorithms and/or computational modeling. 
 
 EDUCATION 
 
Required: 
 
 BA/BS degree in bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, biological sciences, bioengineering, mathematics, statistics, related discipline or equivalent. 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 MS or PhD degree in bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, biological sciences, bioengineering, mathematics, statistics or related discipline. 
 
 SKILLS AND ABILITIES 
 
Required: 
 
 Proven organizational and time management skills to successfully set priorities, meet established deadlines and recognize new problems with constantly changing priorities and frequent interruptions. 
 Strong communication skills (both verbal and written) needed to interact professionally and effectively in the work environment. Ability to read, comprehend, and discuss research materials. Proven ability to write, edit and proofread research results. Skill at explaining difficult concepts and training users and students. 
 Ability to interact diplomatically and professionally with all levels of Institute staff and external contacts. 
 Ability to identify, download, install, troubleshoot and assess new analysis tools. 
 Experience with Standard business office equipment and commonly used software and tools, such as Microsoft Office, electronic mail, and the internet. 
 
 Preferred:
 Experience applying machine learning approaches for data integration and data mining. 
 High proficiency in a scientific programming language (Perl, Python, C/C++, Java, R or Web applications) 
 Demonstrated knowledge and experience with MAC or Linux/UNIX operating systems. 
 Theoretical and practical knowledge of biological sciences (particularly clinical and molecular biology). 
 
 SPECIAL CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT 
 
 Must be willing to work a flexible schedule to support research needs. 
 Successful completion of the Institute’s background investigation. 
 Must be willing to sign a confidentiality agreement. 
 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
This position requires constant adjusting focus, seeing, sitting, touching/feeling, and working inside. Salk Institute for Biological Studies 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in La Jolla, CA Analyst salaries in La Jolla, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Salk Institute for Biological Studies 56 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
