
 
 
 
 Staff VP Operations Intelligence - Indianapolis, IN 46201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff VP Operations Intelligence Anthem 5,379 reviews Indianapolis, IN 46201 Full-time Anthem 5,379 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 SHIFT: Day Job 
 
SCHEDULE: Full-time 
Your Talent. Our Vision . At  Anthem, Inc. , it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care.
 This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health care companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company. 
 About Team 
The  Operations Intelligence  team is a part of the  Enterprise Data Science & AI  organization. The  Enterprise Data Science & AI  team transforms data into insights to power solutions that make healthcare more predictive, proactive, and personalized. The  Operations Intelligence  team works across the business to collect and analyze data from several sources (such as calls and customer interactions)m identifies trends, provides insightful feedback, and delivers actionable recommendations to Member and Provider Service Quality teams. By leveraging ‘big data,’ across the business, OBI prioritizes the right opportunities to improve our member and providers’ experience and tell compelling service experience stories that inform and that  transform  the way we do business. 
 Role 
As  Staff VP Operations Intelligence , you will be responsible for overseeing the strategic direction and execution of initiatives and programs with a primary focus on advanced analytics integration initiatives and capabilities (data, analytic platforms, and analytic applications & tools) that are used to drive growth and transformation for Service Operations. Work closely with senior leadership to provide statistical rigor in support of critical business decisions. Leads definition of a reporting and analytics strategy, including definition of critical metrics, collaboration with business partners on data collection, and highlighting key messages for senior management.
 Primary duties may include, but are not limited to:
 Works closely with senior leadership to provide statistical analytical rigor in support of day-to-day and critical business decisions.
 Assesses business opportunities and new analytic products and services.
 Identifies opportunities, issues, challenges and barriers related to the execution of strategic initiatives.
 Ensures structured analysis across service aspects of member, provider, claims, and enrollment and drives insights that translates into enhanced execution for business partners.
 Maintains awareness of industry trends, best-practices, and evolving technologies in order to introduce innovation and ensure cost-effectiveness of standards and strategies.
 Recommends changes to strategies to improve the value of operational reporting and analytics.
 Develops and maintains relationships with IT experts and specialists to expand the capabilities of reporting and analytics.
 Facilitates strategic project identification, selection, prioritization, planning, execution and monitoring.
 Hires, trains, coaches, counsels, and evaluates performance of direct reports.
 Reports To:  Chief AI Officer 
 Staff:  11 Direct Reports; 95 Indirect Reports 
 Other Key Relationships:  Commercial & Specialty Business Operations 
Government Business Division Operations 
Compliance and Quality Operations 
Member and Provider Service Operations 
Associate Experience 
Marketing Strategy and Insights 
 Location:  May be located within commuting distance to a major Anthem office. 
 
Qualifications 
 Requires a BA/BS degree; 12+ years of progressive large scale project management and/or strategic planning and execution; experience with analytics packages; or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background.
 Preferred 
 MBA or BA/BS degree in Statistics, Economics or Mathematics. 
 Knowledge and deep understanding of operations (i.e., claims, customer service, enrollment & billing, etc.…) within Managed Care environment and domain. 
 Experienced analytics leader using data, technology (AI/ML), and reporting to drive action and results strongly preferred. 
 Experience leading large teams in highly complex and matrixed organizations. 
 Demonstrated success transforming business performance and optimizing efficiency based on analytics and insights. 
 
 Skills and Attributes
 Strong leadership/managerial skills and ability to motivate/coach other staff.
 Be a strategic thinker with a broad and deep understanding of healthcare from various vantage points.
 Demonstrated analytical skills, a sense of curiosity, and effective problem-solving
 Ability to work through ambiguity putting structure to broad enterprise initiatives
 Exceptional oral, written, and interpersonal communication, persuasion, and negotiation skills.
 Demonstrated ability to motivate, build consensus, and drive change. 
 
(Official Title: Staff VP Analytic/Decision Support) 
 Applicable to Colorado Applicants Only 
 Annual Salary Range*: $173,460 - $216,825 
 Actual compensation may vary from posting based on geographic location, work experience, education and/or skill level.
 The hourly or salary range is the range Anthem in good faith believes is the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. The Company may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range. This range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future. No amount is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable under the terms and conditions of the applicable policies and plans. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.
 We offer a range of market-competitive total rewards that include merit increases, paid holidays, Paid Time Off, and incentive bonus programs (unless covered by a collective bargaining agreement), medical, dental, vision, short and long term disability benefits, 401(k) +match, stock purchase plan, life insurance, wellness programs and financial education resources, to name a few. 
 Anthem, Inc. has been named as a Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, is ranked as one of the 2020 World’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine, and a 2020 America’s Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran. Anthem promotes the delivery of services in a culturally competent manner and considers cultural competency when evaluating applicants for all Anthem positions. Anthem 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Operations jobs in Indianapolis, IN Jobs at Anthem in Indianapolis, IN Vice President of Operations salaries in Indianapolis, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Anthem Anthem 5,379 reviews Your Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater care for our ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
