
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Groton, CT - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Pfizer 5,932 reviews Groton, CT Full-time Pfizer 5,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Data Scientist – Pharm Sci & PGS Statistics and Analytical Research and Development Groups
 The Pharmaceutical Science and Manufacturing Statistics group supports a wide variety of activities in drug development and manufacturing spanning both new and marketed, chemical and biological entities. This position is located at the Groton, CT facility.
 The successful candidate will :
 Bridge statisticians, analytical scientists and partner line subject matter experts (database, informatics) to enable data connection with data-driven models and computational applications.
 Work with statisticians and analytical scientists to extract historical data and turn data into information for portfolio support. Cleaning and validating the data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.
 Member of the community of data standardization/formatting, working with partner lines to identify use cases and good practice.
 Demonstrate leadership in influencing and improving workflows by identifying the data-analytics problems, and implement quantitative methods as needed to solve problems in pharmaceutical research.
 Requirements :
 MS in Math, Statistics, or Computer Science
 Knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics models.
 Strong computational/programming skills: proficient in programming with R, Python, SQL or equivalent, knowledge of a variety of commercial statistical/computational packages, familiar with Linux, cloud computing and high performance computing environment.
 Demonstrated ability to independently develop and deploy statistical / computation applets using Python and R.
 Exceptional oral and written communication skills
 Good team player with demonstrated ability to build effective working relationships within and across sites with customers and partners.
 The flexibility to balance many projects and customers simultaneously.
 The ability to be independent and learn new skills quickly.
 Desired :
 Coursework in a scientific discipline (chemistry, biology, engineering).
 Prior experience working in pharmaceutical research and development.
 Knowledge of data visualization tools such as Spotfire or Tableau.
 Experience in ML/AI development and deployment.
  Relocation support available
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Medical Pfizer 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Groton, CT Jobs at Pfizer in Groton, CT Data Scientist salaries in Groton, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,932 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
