
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Georgia - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Feedzai 5 reviews Georgia Remote Feedzai 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Feedzai is the market leader in managing financial risk with AI. We're coding the future of commerce with today's most advanced risk management platform powered by big data and  machine learning. Founded and developed by data scientists and aerospace  engineers, Feedzai has one mission: to make banking and commerce safe. The  world's largest banks, processors, and retailers use Feedzai's fraud prevention  and anti-money laundering products to manage risk, while improving customer  Experience. 
 
The Customer Success team ensures our global customers achieve their business goals using our product. Everything you do matters: all your code, machine learning models, advisory, management, and other actions/roles will have a material impact on the way our clients run their business and how effectively we fight fraud and protect people from wrongdoing. You will be able to interact and meet many people from widely different cultures around the world and understand the business like few others. You will be able to say you protect people on a daily basis. You will be challenged with new technology, new processes, and new mindsets and will be asked to contribute to ensure continuous improvement. 
 
Come and change the world with us. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Understanding the data which our clients provide to us; 
 Cleaning that data and validating that it is correct; 
 Preprocessing the data, usually by using a mixture of shell scripts and a programming language such as Python, Java, Scala, etc 
 Iteratively computing features and tuning parameters to improve the quality of the model; 
 Communicating your findings to the project manager and assisting him/her in decision making on the Data Science part of the project; 
 Work together with key stakeholders (data scientists, engineers, risk managers) from our clients; 
 Work with other parts of the organization (Product, Research, etc.) to improve processes, best practices and tooling. 
 
  Requirements: 
 
 MSc or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or related field; 
 Proficient in Machine Learning (training and testing, avoiding overfit, etc.); 
 Knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Spark, Hadoop and related; 
 Proficiency in bash, Python and either Java or Scala; 
 Knowledge of resource monitoring and runtime optimization (both at JVM and OS level); 
 Knowledge of statistics or data visualization is a plus; 
 Knowledge of tree based algorithms (Random Forests, XGBoost, LGBM) is a plus; 
 Knowledge of Deep Learning algorithms is a plus; 
 Ability to communicate your findings in a clear way. 
 
 
Feedzai is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 
Feedzai does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. 
 
#LI-IP1 Feedzai 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Georgia Jobs at Feedzai in Georgia Data Scientist salaries in Georgia Company Info Follow Get job updates from Feedzai Feedzai 5 reviews The Feedzai Story

Feedzai was founded by data scientists and aerospace engineers with one powerful mission: Make commerce safe for bus... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
