
 
 
 
 AI/ML Scientist, Single Cell and Spatial Transcriptomics - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Scientist, Single Cell and Spatial Transcriptomics Genentech 968 reviews San Francisco, CA Genentech 968 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company THE POSITION 
 We are looking for a talented scientist to lead an effort in the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Department within Genentech’s Research and Early Development (gRED) organization. The successful candidate will lead the development and execution of novel machine learning methods for the analysis of biological data, with focus on scRNA-seq data and Perturb-seq data, with the ultimate goal of target discovery. 
The role 
You will join the department of AI/ML within Research Biology. Your peers will be machine learning scientists and computational biologists working on different areas of the life sciences. 
You will closely collaborate with biologists and bioinformaticians across departments in the organization. 
You will research machine learning methods for the analysis of biological data, and use these methods to actively drive science. 
You will be expected to contribute to and drive publications, and present results at internal and external scientific conferences. 
Qualifications 
PhD degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Computational Biology, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics). 
Demonstrated experience with Python. 
Record of achievement, including various high-impact first author publications or equivalent. 
Excellent communication and collaboration skills. 
Additional desired qualifications 
Experience with the analysis of some of the following data: scRNA-seq, perturbation screening data (e.g. Perturb-seq), untargeted spatial transcriptomics (e.g. Visium), targeted spatial transcriptomics (e.g. MERFISH), spatial proteomic, single cell epigenomics. 
Fluent with at least one deep learning framework for neural networks (e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow-Keras). 
Public portfolio of computational projects (available on e.g. GitHub). 
#LI-GL1 
#gREDinformatics 
#AIScientist Genentech 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Genentech in San Francisco, CA Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Genentech Genentech 968 reviews Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group, is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and commercializes ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
