
 
 
 
 Systems Project Manager, Legal & Partner Operations - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Systems Project Manager, Legal & Partner Operations Facebook 631 reviews Austin, TX Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Legal & Partner Operations team develops scaled solutions for our legal and partner communities to address issues impacting their experiences with the suite of Facebook products. Within Legal & Partner Operations, the Systems Infrastructure sub-team builds centralized operational tools and systems to enable support for our legal and partner communities at scale. We are seeking an individual who is passionate about optimizing operational tools and systems, has experience developing technical roadmaps, can drive large and complex infrastructure projects, and can lead discussions with cross-functional teams across the company. 
Effectively plan and collaborate with a global team on data driven initiatives to solve complex operational problems to support the Legal and Partnerships community 
Understand problems, policies, and risks, with the ability to effectively translate them into scaled technical solutions that improve support and product experiences for partners 
Develop technical roadmaps and project plans to implement new systems end-to-end 
Partner closely with engineers and cross-functional stakeholders, and lead them through the planning, design, development, testing, launch, and post-launch phases of new tools and systems 
Troubleshoot issues and support engineers and stakeholders with bug fixes 
Analyze the scale and efficiency of workflows to make data-driven decisions that align with team/company goals and values 
3+ years of experience in technical project management or operational tooling 
1+ years of usage experience in data analysis and investigation tools (ex. Advanced Excel, SQL, Power BI) 
Experience building operational tools, systems, or support channels 
Experience collaborating with engineers to drive technical projects end-to-end 
Experience organizing and leading multiple global and cross-functional efforts across different initiatives 
Experience thinking strategically about complex issues, leading to thoughtful recommendations and project plans 
Experience communicating data-driven results and recommendations clearly to technical and non-technical audience 
Experience executing with attention to detail, organization skills, and experience driving results 
Experience with software development, data analysis, and internal tools and systems 
Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies 
Experience with agile development principles and project management frameworks (e.g. Scrum, Kanban, Waterfall, PMP, Six Sigma etc.) 
Experience in an adversarial space such as intellectual property, privacy, fraud, spam, harassment, or impersonation 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Systems Project Manager jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Facebook in Austin, TX Systems Project Manager salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
