
 
 
 
 Robotics AI Engineer - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Robotics AI Engineer RIOS Intelligent Machines, Inc. San Francisco Bay Area, CA Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About RIOS 
RIOS is a technology company helping global customers automate their factories, warehouses, and supply chain operations by deploying a new class of AI-powered and dexterous robots. RIOS robots handle hard-to-automate tasks, typically requiring human-level dexterity, in unstructured environments. RIOS is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA and has a pilot facility in San Carlos, CA. More information is available at www.rios.ai 
The Role 
RIOS is looking for a team of inquisitive and creative engineers who can help construct advanced systems for object manipulation. A familiarity with hypothesis testing and experimental design is a requirement, along with the ability to prototype models that can scale. 
Technical attributes of candidates may include: 
 M.S. / Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Robotics, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Data Science, Statistics or related field 
 Experience with C++, Python, CUDA and/or OpenCV 
 Experience with ML/DL frameworks: TensorFlow, PyTorch, Theano, Keras, Scikit Learn etc. 
 Experience with Reinforcement Learning frameworks: OpenAI Baselines, RLlib, Unity ML Agents, DeepMind Lab, etc. 
 Experience with distributed DL: Ray, Horovod, etc. 
 Experience with computer vision algorithms (detection, segmentation) 
 Experience working with 3D depth images and point clouds 
 Ability to implement algorithms from literature 
 Familiarity with State-of-the-Art algorithms and real-world performance 
 Familiarity with Robot Operating System (ROS) 
 Attention to details such as documentation, version control and reproducibility 
 Perks 
 Competitive salary package & Stock options for every employee 
 Healthcare + dental + vision insurance plans401(k) plan 
 Free lunch 
 Flexible time off & paid holidays 
 Social events + happy hours + team parties RIOS Intelligent Machines, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Robotics Engineer jobs in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Jobs at RIOS Intelligent Machines in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Robotics Engineer salaries in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RIOS Intelligent Machines, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
