
 
 
 
 Fraud Investigations Analyst - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fraud Investigations Analyst Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews New York, NY Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic qualifications
 
 Bachelor's Degree 
 Experience with Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, and Excel (Moderate to Advanced) 
 Experience with Data Mining 
 3+ year of relevant experience in data analysis, Investigation deep dives 
 Proven ability to make decisions in a timely manner with incomplete or ambiguous information 
 Demonstrated ability to effectively manage time and individually prioritize multiple tasks of competing priority 
 Demonstrated communication skills, both written and verbal 
 Ability to operate at both a granular and macro level 
 Experience with SQL, Excel 
 
AWS has the most services and more features within those services, than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether its Identity features such as access management and sign on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.
 
AWS Fraud Prevention is seeking dedicated, hardworking, analytical candidates with a proven track record of performance and results-oriented thinking to join the team. Candidates will be responsible for a wide range of duties related to the investigation deep dives, analyzing emerging trends and elimination of online e-commerce fraud. Ideal applicants will have experience in the eCommerce space and at least three year of previous fraud investigations experience. All candidates will be analytical and capable of succeeding in a fast-paced team environment with minimal supervision.
 
The AWS Fraud Prevention Investigations analyst position relies on analytical and problem solving skills, including the ability to recognize non-obvious patterns, analyze diverse data sets and work closely with internal teams and stakeholders to recommend solutions in an ambiguous environment. The position relies on excellent judgement to plan and execute goals and will work under very limited supervision of the Manager.
 
 
 Design and influence operational best practices within the Fraud Response team 
 Manage daily execution of new/special programs 
 Analyze data to identify fraud trends and proactively take action to improve efficiency and reduce time to identify new fraud techniques, tactics and procedures. Leverage diverse data sources. 
 Analyze fraud data to determine patterns on sophisticated fraud activity 
 Deploy counter measures analyze impact 
 Monitoring evolving fraud clusters and propose new rule criteria using SQL 
 Analyze rule performance trends 
 Report on daily fraud trends and cluster characteristics 
 Analyze emerging MOs and communicate trends to larger fraud community. Partner with data scientists and research scientists to build long-term counter protections. 
 Ability to perform deep dives and write summaries of complex and sensitive escalations to Legal and Fraud Leadership 
 Work with internal teams to come up with action plans to address corrective and preventative measures to mitigate risk. 
 Work with stakeholders to drive process improvements that will impact internal and external customers 
 Contribute and/or lead special projects which reduce fraud related losses, while maintaining focus on a positive customer experience 
 Support Fraud Prevention innovation by participating in internal POCs 
 Lead deep dive efforts and prepare executive escalation summaries 
 Work with cross-functional teams across Amazon to collaboration on fraud risks and investigations 
 Work with team members to articulate and prioritize feature needs for investigative tool sets 
 Communicate analytical insights to key fraud stakeholders 
 Proven ability to work in fast-paced dynamic environments where decisions are made without compromising on customer experience and financial losses 
 Excellent team player capable of learning and sharing knowledge in a global team environment 
 Excellent organizational skills including prioritizing, scheduling, time management, and meeting deadlines 
 Superior verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to work effectively with multiple teams and external organizations 
 Demonstrated ability to work independently and evaluate/review complex investigation decisions 
 Self-disciplined, diligent, proactive, and detail-oriented 
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
We have a formal mentor search application that lets you find a mentor that works best for you based on location, job family, job level etc. Your manager can also help you find a mentor or two, because two is better than one. In addition to formal mentors, we work and train together so that we are always learning from one another, and we celebrate and support the career progression of our team members.
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
 Learn more about Amazon on our Day 1 Blog:  https://blog.aboutamazon.com
 
 
 Project Management experience 
 Experience in eCommerce Fraud Operations 
 Demonstrate excellent judgment, discretion, composure, and professional attitude 
 Fast learner who seeks out and generously shares best practices 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fraud Investigator jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amazon Web Services in New York, NY Fraud Investigator salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
