
 
 
 
 Lead Threat Intelligence Analyst - Waltham, MA 02451 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Threat Intelligence Analyst McKinsey & Company 607 reviews Waltham, MA 02451 McKinsey & Company 607 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree in technology or equivalent work or military experience 
7+ years of combined experience in cyber threat intelligence, cybersecurity architecture, security engineering, or SOC work; formal intelligence training or experience from the Department of Defense or Intelligence Community preferred 
Formal IT security certifications from CompTIA, GIAC, or ISC 
Fluency in all major operating systems (Windows, Linux/Unix, Mac) 
Strong knowledge or familiarity with adversarial TTPs within the context of the Cyber Kill Chain, Diamond Model Intrusion Analysis, MITRE ATT&CK methodologies, or equivalent 
Strong knowledge or familiarity with enterprise logging/SIEM solutions (e.g. Splunk), intelligence and analysis tools (e.g. Maltego), Threat Intelligence Platforms/TIP (e.g. Threat Connect), and OSINT aggregators 
Expert-level troubleshooting and analytical skills 
Ability to work independently and lead the work of others 
Ability to coordinate with remote teams distributed geographically across several time zones 
 Who You'll Work With 
 You will be a core member of the Threat Intelligence team working out of the Waltham office. 
Threat Intelligence is part of the firm’s security services in charge of collecting, analyzing and disseminating information related to cyber threats in order to protect the firm and improve its security posture. The group’s core mission is to provide a decision advantage to business stakeholders and other security functions (such as Red Team, vulnerability management, SOC, etc.) regarding threats to their respective domain(s). A key aspect of this capability will be understanding customer requirements and developing an intel product that meets business needs. 
 What You'll Do 
 You will lead and support the compilation and production of cyber threat intelligence to provide an accurate depiction of the current and emerging threat landscape to understand, mitigate and help neutralize threats. 
You will drive initiatives which enable production of intelligence, implementation of security tools (such as additional intelligence feeds, products and services), which upscale the security posture of the firm. You will (co-)author a variety of intelligence products (e.g. technical reports, operational and strategic briefings) for technical and executive stakeholders across all levels in the firm. Additionally, you will provide recommendations to senior management on strategic issues based on threat expertise and knowledge of industry trends combined with business needs. You will also provide a decision advantage which enables informed, risk-based decisions, considering factors such as usability, security, cost, speed and complexity. 
You will also continuously evaluate, maintain and review open source, commercial and other sources for intelligence as it relates to the professional services industry, the firm, its peers, and its vendors. You will help identify opportunities to implement/improve security by design and streamline intel production via automation (including ML/AI). 
You will have the opportunity to gain new skills by leading capability building projects and learn security and analytical tools. McKinsey & Company 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Waltham, MA Jobs at McKinsey & Company in Waltham, MA Intelligence Analyst salaries in Waltham, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from McKinsey & Company McKinsey & Company 607 reviews Exciting work that makes a difference. Colleagues and mentors at the top of their fields. Endless opportunities to take what you know, de... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
