
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist LYT Santa Clara, CA Remote LYT is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. LYT is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. To request reasonable accommodation, please message us. 
 
 
To all recruitment agencies: LYT does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, employees, or any other organization location. LYT is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 
 Here at LYT, we are building the world’s first cloud-based, truly automated traffic management platform using sophisticated ML and AI to optimize existing transportation infrastructure making people’s commutes shorter and the roads safer. 
 
This cloud-based AI creates the optimal flow of traffic for all vehicles in a city, a county, and beyond. This reduces fuel consumption, reduces carbon emissions, reduces accidents, and reduces the time all of us spend commuting. 
 
We’re looking for highly motivated people who are just as passionate as we are about ending traffic in our communities and making them livable for everyone. 
 
Role:  Senior Data Scientist 
 
Location:  Santa Clara, CA and/or Remote 
 
Must have authorization to work in the United States. LYT does not sponsor work visas. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Identify and work toward solving a variety of complex, large-scale mobility data challenges in the organization 
 Build data pipelines, develop data models, and analyze a variety of data sources ingested by LYT platform 
 Collaborate with engineering team to enhance machine learning platform to support new and existing product offerings 
 Generate visualizations to communicate insights and analytics findings 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 5+ years data science experience 
 Strong programming skills in Python, data-querying skills (SQL, etc), and data processing scripting 
 Experience applying various machine learning techniques and understanding the key parameters that affect their performance. 
 Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes and demonstrated ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationships. 
 Excellent at creating data models for high performance and scalability 
 Strong ability to work independently and create detailed work plans from broad directives 
 Ability to manage multiple projects and stakeholders with critical timelines 
 Eager to learn new programming languages and tools when needed 
 Ability to communicate and collaborate across teams to solve problems 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English 
 
 Education: 
 
BS or higher in a quantitative field such as computer science, mathematics, or engineering LYT 9 days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at LYT in Santa Clara, CA Data Scientist salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from LYT Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
