
 
 
 
 Technical Specialist, Artificial Intelligence - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Specialist, Artificial Intelligence TELUS International 1,213 reviews Remote Remote TELUS International 1,213 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Basic Information
 Ref number
 Req_00080033
 Primary Location
 Home Office - United States
 Description and Requirements 
 
 TELUS International is looking for a Technical Specialist who will support the team on technical aspects of the project, including two profiles: data related (data analysis, data management, technical investigation and scripting) and audio processing (audio recording, voice processing, sound engineering). The perfect candidate can perform both, but if your skills are matched to only one of the profiles for this role, please feel free to apply! 
RESPONSIBILITIES : 
Data related profile: 
Performing data analysis and produce reports, dashboards and other data analysis methods. 
Conducting technical investigations on issues related to the customer, vendors and other stakeholders. 
Developing and maintaining trackers, dashboards, scripts and other tools. 
Investigating and supporting implementation of third-party tools. 
Identifying areas to increase efficiency through automation. 
Managing data between platforms, system and tools. 
Ensuring that the necessary technical program documentation is created, maintained and updated as necessary. 
Organizing, hosting and facilitating training and workshops on technical aspects of a project, technical processes, tools and technology. 
Audio processing profile: 
Running recording sessions at local recording studios. 
Coaching and assisting talent during recording sessions. 
Recording, editing, processing and manipulating sound and speech. 
Setting up, operating, maintaining, and troubleshooting recording equipment and software. 
Collaborating and communicating with Technical Lead, audio engineers, external recording studios and partners. 
Participating in designing audio recording workflows and advising on best practices and improvements. 
Contributing to the general quality of Lionbridge audio services. 
SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS : 
Data related profile: 
Technical background/education or aptitude (computer science, data analytics, etc.). 
Strong scripting skills on Python and other languages. 
Advanced knowledge and experience in Excel, Google Sheet, Power BI, macros. 
High-level knowledge of testing principles and metrics to assure test process compliance. 
Audio processing profile: 
Experience and knowledge in audio recording, audio analysis and audio recording. 
Advanced knowledge in Audacity and DAW software, such as ProTools. 
Both profiles: 
Proficient language and communication skills, high level of spoken and written English. 
Ability to solve problems, show initiative and enthusiasm and give attention to detail. 
Creative – should be able to find solutions for new problems proactively. 
Ability to work independently without previous instructions. 
Ability to work in a multi-cultural global environment. 
 
 Additional Job Description 
 
 TELUS International is looking for Technical Specialists to join the AI team in the US. Telus 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Specialist jobs in Remote Jobs at TELUS International in Remote Technical Specialist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TELUS International TELUS International 1,213 reviews At TELUS International, we focus on the human connection to deliver high-tech, high-touch customer experiences powered by next-gen digita... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
