
 
 
 
 ASSISTANT, ASSOCIATE, OR PROFESSOR - ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE - CLUSTER HIRE - Madison, WI 53706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASSISTANT, ASSOCIATE, OR PROFESSOR - ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE - CLUSTER HIRE University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Madison, WI 53706 Part-time University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 The University of Wisconsin-Madison is seeking to fill one faculty position in UW School of Medicine and Public Health in the field of Artificial Intelligence for Radiologic applications. The position is a part of a campus-wide cluster hiring initiative to add to the vibrant community through basic and applied research in the area of artificial intelligence specifically for Radiologic applications and/or Medical Imaging. Participating units include: UWSMPH Departments of Radiology, Medical Physics, and Biomedical Informatics, the College of Engineering, School of Business, and the Computer, Data, and Information School at UW-Madison. Tenure home will be determined at the time of hire based on the selected candidate's qualifications and interests. Further information regarding this initiative can be found at: https://facstaff.provost.wisc.edu/cluster-hiring-initiative/. 
 
In this lead position for the Cluster hire, the UWSMPH Department of Radiology is seeking an Assistant, Associate or Professor on the tenure track with a focus in Artificial Intelligence as applied to Radiologic applications. The primary role of the successful candidate will be to lead an independent research program with a focus on developing, implementing, and validating artificial-intelligence (AI)-based radiologic applications, and to collaborate with other investigators to translate novel validated AI methods into widespread research and clinical use. AI applications can be in the areas of workflow, image prescription, data acquisition, image reconstruction, image processing or analysis, computer-aided diagnosis, or other radiologic areas. The successful candidate may also develop data science-based radiologic applications that integrate a wide array of additional data sources, including genomic, proteomic, and laboratory medicine databases, as well as information contained in electronic medical records. 
 
UW-Madison has world-class experts in AI within multiple departments, including Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer Sciences, and Statistics, as well as a world-class medical imaging experts in the Departments of Radiology and Medical Physics, as well as other departments. The successful candidate will have requisite skills to instigate and participate in collaborative science involving these experts with diverse expertise, which is essential given the highly multidisciplinary nature of AI and radiologic research. The successful candidate will identify experts with common interests involving radiologic applications of AI, and focus the efforts of these experts. 
 
The successful candidate will enjoy outstanding opportunities for collaboration in multiple departments, including Radiology, Medical Physics, Medicine, Pathology, Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Computer Sciences, Statistics, and Biomedical Engineering. In addition, this position is highly synergistic with a number of institutes, centers and initiatives at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, including the Center for High Throughput Computing (CHTC), the Morgridge Institute for Research, the Center for Predictive Computational Phenotyping (CPCP), the Computation and Informatics in Biology and Medicine (CIBM) training program, the Wisconsin Institute for Healthcare Systems Engineering, the Machine Learning @ UW (http://machinelearning.wisc.edu) initiative, and the Machine Learning for Medical Imaging (http://www.radiology.wisc.edu/research/medical-imaging-machine-learning-initiative) initiative. 
 
In summary, the successful candidate will lead an independent research program focusing on developing AI for radiologic applications, will build and grow collaborations with colleagues across campus, and will serve as a catalyst for the development and translation of novel research. 
 
 Principal Duties: 
 
 PRINCIPAL DUTIES: 
60% Conduct independent, grant-funded research in developing, implementing, and validating radiologic applications of artificial intelligence (AI) in the areas of workflow, image prescription, data acquisition, image reconstruction, image processing or analysis, computer-aided diagnosis, data-science-based interpretation and analysis of data from a multitude of sources, or other similar areas. 
1. Apply for, and obtain, extramural funding to support research projects focusing on radiologic applications of AI. 
2. Collaborate with other UW faculty and scientists in the Departments of Radiology, and investigators in departments and schools across campus, and industrial partners in developing radiologic applications of AI. 
3. Attend scientific conferences and meetings to present scientific research results, moderate sessions, participate on committees and in working groups, etc. 
4. Write and submit manuscripts to professional journals describing results of research projects. 
5. Mentor and conduct research with graduate students, post-docs, and scientists. 
6. Build research collaborations with cross-campus collaborators. 
 
30% Collaborate with clinical and basic science colleagues participating in developing, implementing, or validating radiologic applications of AI. 
1. Be a local expert for colleagues in the Department of Radiology seeking guidance regarding developing, implementing, or evaluating radiologic applications of AI. 
2. Work with the UW Health Chief Information Officer, the UWSMPH Chief of Biomedical Informatics, the Radiology Director of Informatics in assessing and addressing the AI computational and other resource needs of the Department of Radiology. 
3. Work with others in ensuring the continued success of the Machine Learning for Medical Imaging (ML4MI) initiative. 
4. Work with others in establishing and overseeing successful collaborations with industrial partners including GE Healthcare, Change Healthcare, HealthMyne, EPIC, and others. 
5. Work with others in establishing policies for data sharing and addressing challenges that arise in this new era of AI. 
6. Work with others in writing instrumentation or other grants to support the AI needs of the department. 
 
10% Teaching 
1. Develop a graduate course focusing on teaching the principles of radiologic applications of AI. 
2. Teach faculty, scientists, fellows, residents, and graduate students the principles of radiologic applications of AI, by presenting departmental lectures and providing mentoring as needed. 
3. Organize and participate in boot camps and workshops to teach the principles of radiologic applications of AI. 
4. Participate in teaching AI modules in other courses as needed. 
5. Participate in educational lectures at international conferences. 
 
 Institutional Statement on Diversity: 
 
 Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. 
 
The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world. 
 
For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Degree and Area of Specialization: 
 
 PhD required in the area of Medical Imaging, Medical Physics, Computer Science, Data Science, Informatics, or related field. 
 
 Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience: 
 
 Candidate must have 2 years of post-degree training, and 5 years of post-degree work experience in developing artificial intelligence (AI) solutions to address radiologic needs. Experience in leading an independent research group, and success in securing extramural funding from agencies such as NIH or similar agencies required.
 
 
The candidate must have at least 75 peer reviewed publications, 10 years of teaching experience, 5 years of leadership experience, more than $1M in extramural funding, and experience with artificial intelligence for medical imaging, especially CT and MRI.
 
 
Appointment at rank other than Assistant Professor will require that candidate meets criteria for the tenure rank at UW-Madison. Additionally, UW School of Medicine and Public Health guidelines apply for appointment at full or associate professor rank. 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 UW-Madison is seeking a diverse set of faculty candidates who will deepen our campus' interdisciplinary research strength in key areas of current and future research promise, as well as faculty candidate who will approach their work in a manner that advances our commitment to research excellence.
 
 
The School of Medicine and Public Health has a deep and profound commitment to diversity both as an end in itself but, also as a valuable means for eliminating health disparities. As such, we strongly encourage applications from candidates who foster and promote the values of diversity and inclusion. 
 
 Department(s): 
 
 A539300-MEDICAL SCHOOL/RADIOLOGY/RADIOLOGY 
 
 Work Type: 
 
 Full or Part Time: 50% - 100% 
 
 Appointment Type, Duration: 
 
 Ongoing/Renewable 
 
 Anticipated Begin Date: 
 
 AUGUST 01, 2021 
 
 Salary: 
 
 Negotiable
 
ANNUAL (12 months) University of Wisconsin–Madison 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, WI Associate Professor salaries in Madison, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Wisconsin–Madison University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Work for a world-class educational and research institution, located in one of America's best places to live! The University of Wisconsin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
