
 
 
 
 Physician Scientist - CV Research Center - Artificial Intelligence - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Physician Scientist - CV Research Center - Artificial Intelligence Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Full-time Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Cardiovascular Medicine 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Join the authority in medicine and partner with the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report 2020-2021), ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. At Mayo Clinic, we believe there is a better path to healing that humanizes the practice of health care and inspires hope in the people who need it most. You will be part of an amazing diverse team committed to solving the most serious and complex medical challenges - one patient at a time. 
Position description 
The Department of Cardiovascular Medicine and the Cardiovascular Research Center at Mayo Clinic are seeking a Clinician Investigator with expertise in artificial intelligence (AI), preferably in imaging, to join the Cardiovascular Medicine team in Rochester, MN. This institutionally-funded physician-investigator position is intended to grow the prospective AI program leading to important discoveries and clinical applications that will impact currently unmet needs of cardiovascular patients. This position includes a minimum of 50% protected time for research and significant intramural support. 
Mayo Clinic's values of teamwork and collaboration are essential to providing integrated medical and surgical care to patients with complex conditions. The faculty member will have an academic appointment in the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine and Science commensurate with prior background. 
The Department of Cardiovascular Medicine at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN is part of the Enterprise Cardiovascular Department across all Mayo Clinic sites. The department is committed to transforming clinical practice by developing, analyzing, and rapidly diffusing innovative solutions to deliver high value care to our patients. The Department of CV Medicine and the CV Research Center partners with several centers within Mayo Clinic, including the Center for the Science of Health Care Delivery, the Center for Regenerative Medicine, the Center for Clinical and Translational Science, and the Center for Individualized Medicine. The CV Research Center has a well-developed infrastructure that supports conducting early feasibility and multi-center clinical trials that includes staff with expertise in study development, assessment, start-up, and conduct. The CV research portfolio at Mayo Clinic is supported by NIH grants, foundation awards, and philanthropic gifts. 
License or certification 
We are seeking a board-certified/eligible MD or MD/PhD candidate highly skilled in AI with a broad understanding of cardiovascular disease and expertise in integrating novel technologies into clinical practice. The candidate must possess clinical experience as well as proficiency directing AI development, facilitating and promoting validation of algorithms in clinical trials, providing oversight and leadership of an AI office, securing extramural funding, and a strong publication record. A proven record of collaborative science endeavors is also desired. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Physicians & Scientists 
Career profile 
All Physicians Specialties 
Specialty 
Cardiovascular Diseases 
Job posting number 
152434BR 
Recruiter 
David Binder 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Research Scientist salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
