
 
 
 
 Lead Machine Learning Engineer - Charlotte, NC 28262 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lead Machine Learning Engineer Centene Corporation 3,912 reviews Charlotte, NC 28262 Centene Corporation 3,912 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company You could be the one who changes everything for our 24 million members. Centene is transforming the health of our communities, one person at a time. As a diversified, multi-national Fortune 50 and rapidly growing organization, our mission is fueled by exceptional talent. To support our rapid growth, we are building our East Coast headquarters and innovation hub here in Charlotte. 
 About Us: 
 We are revolutionizing the world of healthcare through digital transformation and building a world-class software engineering practice. Our high caliber team delivers leading edge technology and drives innovation to solve complex business challenges. Using collective innovation we are turning visions into action and challenging what is possible to support the healthcare of 1 in 15 individuals.
 About You: 
 You are a highly collaborative, strategic risk-taker driven to make a difference and change the face of healthcare. You thrive in a supportive, result-oriented community and are committed to the relentless pursuit of continuous growth. You are highly agile, excel in fast-paced environments and willing to push outside your comfort zone. You are ready to find your  purpose  at work 
 The Role 
 We are transforming technology and creating a digital evolution that will empower Centene to better serve our members. The Lead Machine Learning Engineer will perform tasks required to implement predictive modeling features as software, including building artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and statistical models; packaging, deploying, integrating, and supporting AI/ML models; and building platforms and processes to facilitate the development of AI/ML models by others 
 As a Lead Machine Learning Engineer you will : 
 Act as a technical leader for ML/AI projects and coordinates with other technology teams to drive the architecture, tool choice, and implementation strategies of the project 
 Trains and mentors junior machine learning engineers 
 Writes reusable code libraries for use by other machine learning engineers 
 Writes software code to enable and automate ML/AI model training and deployment 
 Investigates and adapts new software platforms for ML/AI and data engineering 
 Invents new software platforms and patterns for ML/AI and data engineering, such as new software libraries for text analysis, availability of software packages within the company, and new packaging and deployment 
 Builds ML/AI models using common methods within R and Python 
 
 Additionally you will bring: 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, Math, Physics, or similar quantitative field or equivalent experience. 
 7+ years of related experience required.
 Software engineering proficiency in 2+ programming languages, databases, version control, statistics, or machine learning required.
 Preferred experience: SQL and noSQL databases, writing and consuming APIs, application containers (e.g. Docker), streaming data, building predictive models, compute clouds, creating database schemas, Linux administration, continuous integration/continuous deployment. 
 
 Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law. Centene 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Centene Corporation in Charlotte, NC Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Centene Corporation Centene Corporation 3,912 reviews For more than 35 years, Centene has been focused on transforming the world of healthcare. Based in St. Louis, MO, our focus on community-... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
