
 
 
 
 Vice President, Data Architecture - Smithfield, RI 02917 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Data Architecture Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews Smithfield, RI 02917 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
As Head of Data Architect, formulate our overall Data Strategy and Data Blueprints with emphasis on Fidelity Brokerage platform, Analytical/AI/ML capabilities and Master/reference data strategy. As a lead architect, help execute building of next generation Brokerage Platform. The Brokerage Platform supports Fidelity Personal Investing and many other large institutional clients.
 The Team 
Fidelity Brokerage Technology (FBT) delivers world class brokerage capabilities serving a variety of clearing and custody clients including Fidelity’s Personal Investing group (PI). The FBT Architecture team provides deep technical expertise to the broader FBT Engineering community, delivering solution architecture guidance as well as cross-organization technical architecture guidance (enterprise architecture). The architecture organization supports FBT technology teams and the business through close collaboration and partnership to maximize the impact that technology can have on business goals and objectives. This is a fast-paced environment that operates using mature agile practices and principles. We stress customer-obsessed thinking and an innovative culture. 
The Expertise You Have 
Education – BS or MS required. 
Experience leading strong technical architects 
10+ years of experience in building distributed systems and applications and at least 3+ years with Cloud database technologies. 
Experience architecting large complex transactional systems with high volume and high-performance requirements 
Work collaboratively with Enterprise Architects across business units to create one Fidelity Architecture Strategy 
Work with Fidelity Legal, Risk, Compliance, and Cybersecurity teams to ensure safe and secure treatment of our enterprise, client, and customer data in public cloud 
Demonstrated technology and personal leadership experience in architecting, designing and successfully building highly scalable data solutions. 
Proven experience in Relational, NoSql, Data warehouse, Data Lake and Streaming technologies 
Proven experience in Modern Data Architecture techniques and Cloud Data Technologies 
The Skills You Bring 
Ability to formulate Data Strategy, Conceptual Architecture and deliver on executing the strategy 
Excellent understanding of relational database technologies and experience with event driven architecture 
Understanding of mainframe technology is desired
 Understanding of Clearing and Custody business is desired 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, excellent written and oral communication skills. 
Good interpersonal, negotiating, and influencing skills with a demonstrable ability to engage senior management and engage at all levels of the organization 
The Value You Deliver 
Enabling digital transformation of FBT brokerage platform 
Communicating and collaborating with stake holders to accelerate our Mainframe Platform migration
 Making decisions over technical issues, standards, and strategies 
Representing FBT data architecture at the cross-BU Councils and forums 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Smithfield, RI Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Smithfield, RI Vice President salaries in Smithfield, RI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
