
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Machine Learning - Union City, CA 94587 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Machine Learning Vicarious Union City, CA 94587 Union City, California 
Vicarious aims to transform robotics by creating robots with human level performance on real-world manipulation tasks. We are passionate about changing the world with science and software, and we are looking for exceptional people to join us in that mission. As a Software Engineer - Machine Learning at Vicarious you will quickly come up to speed on recent advancements in machine learning, image processing and computer vision. You will apply this knowledge alongside Researchers to drive a production Python and C++ codebase that is pushing forward the state-of-the-art in AI. 
What you'll do 
Apply your computational and engineering talents, alongside researchers and engineers from a diverse set of backgrounds (machine learning, computer vision, robotics) to improve the performance of computational models on deployed robots and address a wide variety of computer vision problems. 
Work with researchers to explore and develop software and algorithmic improvements in computer vision models for production. 
Who you are 
A Masters or Bachelors in computer science or a related discipline. 
Strong Python skills with a track record of quickly translating ideas into prototypes. 
Solid fundamentals in algorithms and mathematics. 
Experience developing and testing ideas in a large codebase. 
Nice to have's 
1+ year of work experience. 
Experience with computer vision. 
Interests in Bayesian statistics and probabilistic graphical models. 
Vicarious is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We’re committed to fair hiring practices and a welcoming working environment. All candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, age, gender, sexual identity or expression, medical condition, or socioeconomic status. We value our differences and we’re excited to learn what you can add to our team. Vicarious 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Union City, CA Jobs at Vicarious in Union City, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Union City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vicarious Vicarious FPC Inc. is an artificial intelligence company based out of San Francisco, California. They are using the theorized computation... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
