
 
 
 
 Senior Research Scientist - Massachusetts - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Research Scientist Sony Corporation of America 4,001 reviews Massachusetts Remote Full-time Sony Corporation of America 4,001 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Sony Corporation of America  , located in New York, NY, is the U.S. headquarters of Sony Group Corporation, based in Tokyo, Japan. Sony's principal U.S. businesses include Sony Electronics Inc., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Music Publishing and Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. With some 900 million Sony devices in hands and homes worldwide today, a vast array of Sony movies, television shows and music, and the PlayStation Network, Sony creates and delivers more entertainment experiences to more people than anyone else on earth. To learn more:  www.sony.com/en  . 
 
 Position Summary:
 Sony AI America (SAIA)  is seeking a highly motivated, self-driven  Senior  Research Scientist  with expertise in  deep  reinforcement learning (deep RL).  We’re currently looking for smart, enthusiastic people who want to join our team of world-renowned researchers as we push the boundaries applying AI in support of human creativity. In this role, the successful candidate will apply reinforcement learning and other forms of machine learning to challenging domains like computer games, robotics, and gastronomy. Sony AI America is a remote-work organization –  location is flexible  .
 Responsibilities:
 Lead research programs applying deep RL to real domains
 Investigate new algorithms and approaches to solving AI problems
 Write code to support research, usually in python
 Write reports and give presentations for internal audiences
 Write papers for, and give presentations at academic conferences
 Work closely with a team of AI researchers and programmers on ambitious demonstration projects
 Qualifications:
 Requires a Ph.D. in reinforcement learning or equivalent in education and experience
 Must have 3 or more years of industry experience
 Experience managing and mentoring small teams
 Experience designing and debugging neural networks
 Passion for making AI work in realistic domains
 Excellent written and oral communication skills, as well as interpersonal skills including the ability to articulate to both technical and non-technical audiences
 For more information and if you want  to apply for similar job openings in Japan or Europe  , please visit https://ai.sony
 Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, military status, status as a veteran or disabled veteran, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or family status, genetic information, medical condition, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation.
 Disability Accommodation for Applicants to Sony Corporation of America
 Sony Corporation of America provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in job application procedures. For reasonable accommodation requests, please contact us by email at careers@sonyusa.com or by mail to: Sony Corporation of America, Human Resources Department, 25 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010. Please indicate the position you are applying for.
 EEO is the Law
 EEO is the Law Supplement
 Right to Work (English/Spanish)
 E-Verify Participation (English/Spanish) Sony Electronics 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Scientist jobs in Massachusetts Jobs at Sony Corporation of America in Massachusetts Senior Research Scientist salaries in Massachusetts Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sony Corporation of America Sony Corporation of America 4,001 reviews Sony is a global company with a simple mission to inspire and fulfill your curiosity. The spirit of innovation and challenge motivates th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
