
 
 
 
 Geospatial Sales - San Dimas, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Geospatial Sales Cyient 937 reviews San Dimas, CA Full-time Cyient 937 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Cyient is a global engineering and technology solutions company. As a Design, Build, and Maintain partner for leading organizations worldwide, we take solution ownership across the value chain to help clients focus on their core, innovate, and stay ahead of the curve. We leverage digital technologies, advanced analytics capabilities, and our domain knowledge and technical expertise, to solve complex business problems.
 With over 15,000 employees globally, we partner with clients to operate as part of their extended team in ways that best suit their organization’s culture and requirements. Our industry focus includes aerospace and defence, healthcare, telecommunications, rail transportation, semiconductor, geospatial, industrial, and energy.
 Job Description
 Cyient Geospatial division works some of world’s largest mapping companies providing them solutions in GIS (Implementation, data management & data intelligence), digital solutions (incl analytics, AI/ML) through both proprietary and custom solutions
 We are looking for a dedicated sales leader to join our growing team in North America. This role helps to bridge the gap between opportunity and delivery, not only responds to customer requests but pro-actively brings creativity client work along with taking innovative geospatial solutions to market.
 This sales leader will be responsible for building strong relationships with client organizations, contributing to the development and execution of account growth plans and, leads proposals and bids.
 The individual in this role will be responsible to:
 Development of new business opportunities / new client acquisition in the geospatial market within North America
 Develop and implement a strategic business plans to ensure expansion of Cyient’s business within the individual’s portfolio
 Build and promote strong, long-lasting customer relationships by partnering with them and understanding their requirements
 Identify customer and market trends, competitive landscape and accordingly position Cyient solutions and services to geospatial customers
 Prepare rolling forecasts / budgets for revenue and order intake and own key metrics include revenue, profitability and order intake
 Requirements:
 Strong business development skills
 Ability to create winning proposals and commercial models
 Ability to network and create business development leads
 Understanding of the Maps business and opportunities in the geospatial market.
 Sophisticated collaboration skills and be able to work in fast-paced and highly matrixed organization across time zones (Either early morning / late evening calls to work with globally distributed teams)
 Ability to travel frequently and meet with customers, partners and execution teams.
 Be creative, optimistic, collaborative, customer obsessed.
 Location : Anywhere in US
 Skills & Experience
 Business Development, International marketing, Account Management, Sales, Customer Relationship Management, Strategic Customer Engagement, New Customer Hunt, Cold Calling, sales and business dev, Sales and Relationship management
 Cyient is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 Skills & Experience
 Geospatial, GIS, Sales
 Cyient is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Cyient recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. We are proud to be a diverse and inclusive company where our people can focus their whole self on solving problems that matter. Cyient 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in San Dimas, CA Jobs at Cyient in San Dimas, CA Sales Representative salaries in San Dimas, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cyient Cyient 937 reviews Established in 1991, Cyient provides engineering, geospatial, design-led manufacturing, and network and operational support services to g... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
