
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Artificial Intelligence - Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering - Berkeley, CA 94720 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor - Artificial Intelligence - Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering University of California Berkeley 562 reviews Berkeley, CA 94720 Tenure track University of California Berkeley 562 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description The Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering (CBE) at the University of California, Berkeley, seeks applications for a tenure-track position at the assistant professor level. The Department consistently ranks among the top research and teaching programs in the country and continues to be at the forefront in emerging areas of chemical and biomolecular engineering and technology. Creative and energetic individuals who show extraordinary promise or accomplishment in using data-driven and artificial intelligence-based approaches to solve the next generation of chemical and biomolecular engineering challenges are encouraged to apply. We are seeking researchers that develop cutting edge computational and experimental approaches for areas such as catalyst design and discovery, analysis of multiscale phenomena, advanced manufacturing, spectroscopy, high-content imaging systems, and high-throughput approaches in chemistry and biology.
 
Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core values of UC Berkeley. Our excellence can only be fully realized by faculty, students, and staff who share our commitment to these values. Successful candidates for our faculty positions will demonstrate evidence of a commitment to advancing equity, inclusion, and belonging.
 
The department is committed to addressing the family needs of faculty, including dual career couples and single parents. We are also interested in candidates who have had non-traditional career paths or who have taken time off for family reasons, or who have achieved excellence in careers outside academia.
 
For information about potential relocation to Berkeley, or career needs of accompanying partners and spouses, please visit: http://ofew.berkeley.edu/new-faculty .
 
The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see:
 http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffimAct .
 
To apply, visit https://aprecruit.berkeley.edu/JPF03074
 
jeid-101791dc0aadd941bdf13ba3ec04672e University of California Berkeley 25 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Berkeley, CA Jobs at University of California Berkeley in Berkeley, CA Assistant Professor salaries in Berkeley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of California Berkeley University of California Berkeley 562 reviews The University of California, Berkeley (also referred to as Berkeley, UC Berkeley, California or simply Cal) is a public research univers... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
