
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Gap Inc. 3,021 reviews United States Full-time Gap Inc. 3,021 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Gap Inc. 
 Our brands bridge the gaps we see in the world. Old Navy democratizes style to ensure everyone has access to quality fashion at every price point. Athleta unleashes the potential of every woman, regardless of body size, age or ethnicity. Banana Republic believes in sustainable luxury for all. And Gap inspires the world to bring individuality to modern, responsibly made essentials.
 This simple idea—that we all deserve to belong, and on our own terms—is core to who we are as a company and how we make decisions. Our team   is made up of thousands of people across the globe who take risks, think big, and do good for our customers, communities, and the planet. Ready to learn fast, create with audacity and lead boldly? Join our team. 
About the role 
The Product Analytics Team at Gap Inc. is a research team that applies techniques from operations research and machine learning to drive business benefits for Gap Inc. and its brands. 
The team’s focus is creating analytical capabilities to support inventory management at Gap Inc. Areas of expertise include: demand forecasting, inventory replenishment, inventory and supply chain optimization, pricing, product testing, product attributes, flexible inventory and supply chain initiatives. 
What you'll do 
 Build, validate, and maintain Operations Research (OR) and/or AI( Machine Learning (ML) /Deep learning) models 
 Work with large quanties of data in scripting languanges, compile and analyze data from different sources to check completeness and filtering criteria as needed for data science initiatives 
 Synthesize findings, prepare presentations and assist in presenting findings to all levels of management 
 Provide framework/methodology for measurement and feedback mechanism for models 
 Collaborate within the team and outside the team to solve complex problems 
 Surface creative tactics to diagnose performance and identify areas where performance is optimal or can be improved upon, use visualizations to tell the story behind the machinery to our stakeholders to drive strategic adoption, results and recommendations 
 Continuously research and work to integrate emerging methodology, technology, coding and version control practices that best fits the team and practice, create effective documentation 
Who you are 
 Proven 3+ years of professional experience in areas of machine learning, operation research, statistics or inventory theory 
 Ability to develop and apply advanced analytic and machine learning solutions to solve business problems Advanced proficiency in R, Python, PySpark, Hive (or other MR), and common scripting languages for E2E pipeline 
 Advanced proficiency using SQL for efficient manipulation of large datasets in on-prem and cloud distributed computing environments, such as Azure and Hadoop environments 
 Experience with ML and classical predictive techniques such as logistic regression, decision trees, boosted trees, non-linear regressions, ANN/CNN, SVM, Ensembles, Tensorflow, visualization packages, and a track record for creating business impact with these methods 
 Excellent analytic and critical thinking, combined with strong written and verbal communication skills, with a demonstrated appetite for relationship building 
 Skills to collaborate with cross-functional teams and influence product and analytics roadmap 
 Advanced degree in Operations Research, Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering or related field preferred 
Benefits at Gap Inc. 
 Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic and Athleta, and 30% off at Outlet for all employees. 
 One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry.* 
 Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice.* 
 Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay.* 
 Employee stock purchase plan.* 
 Medical, dental, vision and life insurance.* 
 See more of the benefits we offer. 
 For eligible employees 
Gap Inc. is an equal-opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status. We have received numerous awards for our long-held commitment to equality and will continue to foster a diverse and inclusive environment of belonging. This year, we’ve been named as one of the Best Places to Work by the Humans Rights Campaign for the fourteenth consecutive year and have been included in the 2019 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the second year in a row. Gap Inc. 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in United States Jobs at Gap in United States Data Scientist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Gap Inc. Gap Inc. 3,021 reviews Our brands are made up of thousands of people across the globe who take risks, think big, and do good for our customers, communities, and... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
