
 
 
 
 Cloud Platform Archtiect - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cloud Platform Archtiect JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews New York, NY Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Cloud Platform Architect - VP
 
Are you excited about cloud and technology? Do you enjoy solving complex problems with elegant designs? Do you have strong engineering and architectural background?
 
We're looking for hands-on platform architect to join our architecture team and help building JPMC's firm-wide AI/ML platform, come and join us!
 
Hands on engineering experience in a large enterprise or software company
 
Experience in one or more languages such as Java/Python/Go in a large enterprise or software company
 
CI/CD and developer tool chain in a large enterprise or software company
 
Cloud experience in a large enterprise or software company
 
Hands on experience in building enterprise wide platforms or cloud PaaS/SaaS services is an advantage
 
Hands on experience with Kubernetes is an advantage
 
Hands on experience with infrastructure as code is an advantage
 
Hands on experience in building AI/ML solutions is an advantage
 
Hands on experience in building Streaming/Event-based systems is an advantage
 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.
 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 14 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
