
 
 
 
 Member Quality Specialist - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Member Quality Specialist Teladoc Health 157 reviews Illinois Remote Teladoc Health 157 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The Opportunity 
 
Teladoc Health is transforming how people access and experience healthcare. Recognized as the world leader in virtual care, we are partnering with over a thousand clients to serve hundreds of thousands (soon millions!) of people living with chronic conditions every day. Teladoc Health offers a whole person virtual care platform that empowers all people everywhere to live their healthiest lives by transforming the healthcare experience, from acute and primary care to chronic care, mental health, and specialty care. Our team of data scientists aggregate and interpret substantial amounts of health data and information to create actionable, personalized, and timely health signals for our members. This approach delivers better clinical and financial outcomes while creating a different and better healthcare experience for people everywhere. 
 
This is your chance to work for the leading innovator in consumer digital health solutions, at a company Forbes has marked for billion-dollar success. If you're an experienced accounting professional with vision and passion for the healthcare industry, you can't afford to overlook this unique opportunity – an exciting, gratifying position offering amazing growth and income potential. 
 
If you try to make the world a little bit better every day, we want to talk to you. This is a great opportunity for the kind of person who truly loves to help others. Working in this role as a Member Quality Specialist you'll be able to directly improve Teladoc customer experience. You'll be responsible for maintaining Teladoc's quality system, and will directly interact with our Members (end users). Your experience, enthusiasm, and focus on excellence will help us improve our processes, procedures, products, and services – all enhancing the Teladoc brand. 
 
We are a rapidly growing company which means you must be comfortable working in fast paced atmosphere where juggling numerous priorities and deadlines is the norm. We are also a fully distributed team which means you must be self-driven and a highly effective communicator. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Review customers' product complaints, and meet the company's risk and regulatory reporting requirements in a timely manner 
 Assist member support personnel to achieve timely and caring complaint resolutions 
 Assist in Corrective Action/Preventive action activities 
 Document all investigation actions and reporting decisions in the complaint management system in a clear, accurate, and thorough manner 
 Compose product investigation reports, filing rationales, and a variety of member communications 
 Escalate non-conformances to management 
 Evaluate documentation for completeness and consistency 
 Represent the complaint handling process to regulatory agencies during audits 
 Project a friendly, knowledgeable and helpful image for our company via phone and email communication 
 Develop a deep understanding of member needs, priorities and pain points, and use this knowledge for continuous improvement efforts 
 Lead projects and training for the Member Quality team and for other teams, as needed 
 Perform all duties within regulatory timeframes and established service level agreements 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Knowledge of and compliance with HIPAA regulations 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills in English. Fluency in Spanish is a plus. 
 Accountability and attention to detail 
 The ability to work independently, with minimal supervision 
 Excellent collaboration skills, across multiple functional groups 
 A passion for learning and sharing knowledge 
 A strong work ethic 
 Enthusiasm, flexibility and efficiency in a fast-paced and sometimes stressful environment 
 Strong computer skills, including Microsoft Office and Google Drive applications 
 A 4-year college degree or equivalent real-world experience in a related field (medical laboratory, medical device manufacturing, quality engineering, etc.) 
 Experience with Salesforce, JIRA, Zendesk, or similar support team tools preferred 
 Customer Service experience preferred 
 Certification as a Medical Technologist or Technician, nurse, Certified Diabetes Educator, Medical Assistant, or similar is a big plus 
 Ability to work weekends once or twice a quarter 
 
 Why Join Teladoc? 
 
The Transformative Name in Healthcare:  The transformative industry forces in Community, Content and Commerce are now household names. As Amazon is to Commerce, Teladoc is to Healthcare. With our Applied Health Signals engine, AI+AI, we've transformed how care is delivered. 
 
Our Work Truly Matters : Teladoc's proprietary, consumer-first technology is revolutionizing the experience of living with a chronic health condition. Our data-driven digital health engine enables our Members to seamlessly manage multiple health conditions on one empowering platform. We use smart, connected devices, personalized digital guidance, and 24x7x365 access to health professionals to make it easier for people to stay healthier. 
 
Make an Impact : Do you want to accomplish something meaningful? To create results that matter? Teladoc's innovative solution produces industry-leading member satisfaction, measurable clinical outcomes and proven healthcare costs savings. Here you can truly improve lives. 
 
The Largest Digital Health IPO in History:  We are at a milestone period in our history. On July 25, 2019 we took our company public, in order to elevate and expand the way the industry views us, thus ushering us into a whole new set of mission-critical conversations that will help us accomplish the work still to be done. As we reach new levels of achievement, we accelerate our ability to deliver life-changing services. 
 
Focus on PEOPLE : Teladoc has been voted one of the  Best Places to Work  in healthcare, by  Fortune Magazine and Best Place to Work ! Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative and inspiring environment. 
 
Diversity and Inclusion : At Teladoc we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position. 
 
Growth and Innovation : We've already made healthcare history, yet we remain on the threshold of very big things. Leading the industry with our Applied Health Signals category, we have cracked the code to transforming healthcare. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members. 
 
See photos, watch videos and learn more about Teladoc: follow us on Glassdoor. 
 
 As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding – we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind. Teladoc Health 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Quality Specialist jobs in Illinois Jobs at Teladoc Health in Illinois Quality Specialist salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from Teladoc Health Teladoc Health 157 reviews Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives. Recognized as the worl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
