
 
 
 
 Entry-Level Software Engineer - Scottsdale, AZ 85257 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Entry-Level Software Engineer General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews Scottsdale, AZ 85257 General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Basic Qualifications :
 
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field, or equivalent experience is required. 
 
 CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS: 
[Department of Defense Secret security clearance is preferred at time of hire.] Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Due to the nature of work performed within our facilities, U.S. citizenship is required.
 
 
Additionally, applicants must meet the eligibility requirements for a controlled billet in accordance with DoD Instruction 5210.42 Nuclear Weapons Personnel Reliability Program (PRP).
 Responsibilities for this Position:
 
Help make the technologies, products and services that make a difference. That’s the opportunity that’s waiting for you at General Dynamics Mission Systems. We help our nation’s heroes keep our nation safe by creating solutions so advanced, they redefine innovation for the world. It’s an amazing challenge. And it’s waiting for you now.
 
 
We apply advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain, AR/VR, Cloud Native and Quantum Physics to solve our customers’ missions in cyber, RF, undersea, interstellar space and everything in between.
 
 
As a Disruptive Radio Engineer, you’ll participate in electrical requirements analysis, functional analysis and performance analysis (e.g. timing, power, etc.) for the design, integration and verification of electrical components, equipment and systems. You’ll make an impact throughout the electrical development life cycle by supporting our technical engineering products with your sound knowledge of electrical engineering concepts and principles. 
 
 
 What you’ll experience: 
Technologies that aren’t just top-notch, they’re often top-secret 
A team of bold thinkers committed to exploring what’s next 
Opportunities to gain new knowledge - as it’s discovered 
What you bring to the table: 
A Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, a related specialized area or field, or equivalent experience required 
Clear understanding of electrical engineering processes 
Knowledge and utilization of electrical engineering design tools such as CAD 
What sets you apart: 
Ability to stay ahead of technology trends 
Creative thinking with the ability to multi-task 
Clear communication skills to interact effectively with work groups, project leaders and program managers 
Commitment to ongoing professional development 
Company Overview:
 
General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS)  engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation. With a global team of 12,000+ top professionals, we partner with the best in industry to expand the bounds of innovation in the defense and scientific arenas. Given the nature of our work and who we are, we value trust, honesty, alignment and transparency. We offer highly competitive benefits and pride ourselves in being a great place to work with a shared sense of purpose. You will also enjoy a flexible work environment where contributions are recognized and rewarded. If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! 
 
General Dynamics is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that is committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EOE/Disability/Veteran General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Software Engineer jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at General Dynamics Mission Systems in Scottsdale, AZ Entry Level Software Engineer salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc 415 reviews General Dynamics Mission Systems is a business unit of General Dynamics, the global aerospace and defense company. We are a leading provi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
