
 
 
 
 Senior Legal Counsel - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Legal Counsel Adobe 705 reviews San Jose, CA Full-time Adobe 705 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 The opportunity
 Adobe is seeking a hardworking attorney to provide exceptional legal and business support to Adobe’s technology and research teams, including artificial intelligence and machine learning teams in the Digital Experience business. The ideal candidate will have a proven record of building highly successful business relationships, and a desire to continue relationship building with the Digital Experience Intelligent Services/AI teams. Additionally, this candidate will bring a high level of enthusiasm to the support of the product teams, including a committed dedication to providing timely, accurate, and well-reasoned responses to queries from the business. This full-time position will be based in our San Jose, CA, San Francisco, CA, Lehi, Utah, or McLean, Virginia offices.
 What you’ll do
 Collaborate with internal business partners on the review of Adobe products, services, and initiatives to assess legal compliance and provide practical advice.
 Provide support and establish positive relationships with various business partners including product marketing, product management, engineering, technical operations, client care, pricing, and sales to advise the business on issues through all stages of development and marketing, from concept to launch.
 Collaborate with subject matter leads in Adobe’s legal department, including privacy, patent, copyright, and licensing attorneys to analyze legal risks and support the business.
 Draft and supervise agreements, including inbound and outbound technology licenses, product documentation, and partnership agreements.
 Run product launch processes, including technology release checklists and questionnaires.
 Anticipate client needs to facilitate the creation and improvement of processes, forms, templates, knowledge resources, and training to drive efficiency.
 What you need to succeed
 J.D. from an accredited law school and bar membership required.
 A minimum of 10+years of relevant legal experience and at least 5 years of in-house experience preferred.
 Highly effective interpersonal skills to enable the distillation of complicated legal issues into plain English with an understanding that more is not always better.
 Experience with, and interest in, privacy issues.
 A consistent record of working independently with little direction in a fast-paced environment and taking initiative in client engagement to add value to client interactions.
 Comfort providing advice to business management of multiple levels, including an innate ability to provide such advice in a non-disruptive manner.
 Technical background in software products and development, SaaS, or cloud-based services industry, including artificial intelligence and machine learning.
 Ability to efficiently prioritize projects, or otherwise seek input from management.
 A bias for sharing relevant information across teams, within legal, and with peers across the Digital Experience legal teams.
 Be able to exercise common sense, be a creative problem solver, and have good business instincts.
 Responsiveness is critical.
 A positive demeanor.
 Ability to become an equal partner to the business teams, sharing not only legal and practical advice, but also partnering in bearing the burden of the challenges the Intelligent Services teams face. Adobe 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Counsel jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Jose, CA Senior Counsel salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 705 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
