
 
 
 
 Help Desk Support Specialist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Help Desk Support Specialist Whiterabbit.ai 3 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Whiterabbit.ai 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us: 
Our mission is to improve lives through earlier, more accurate cancer detection using AI. About 1 in 8 women will develop invasive breast cancer over the course of her lifetime. Whiterabbit.ai is working to significantly reduce late-stage cancers by detecting them in their earliest stages, starting with breast cancer. We have developed a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence (AI) suite to improve: breast cancer screening rates, radiologists’ accuracy, productivity, and workflow, clinic operations to ensure patients receive timely and compassionate care. 
 
 Purpose: 
Provide tier 1 computer support for work at home users. Use cloud management and collaboration tools to provide top notch end user support. Help desk support specialists require a tolerant and patient disposition, with strong communication skills to put frustrated users at ease. 
 Responsibilities: 
Monitor and respond quickly to incoming requests relate to IT issues. 
Maintain computer systems and act as support if any system goes down. 
Troubleshoot work from home user setups: computers, WiFi and internet connections. 
Assist with onboarding of new users. 
Install, configure, and upgrade client software. 
 Requirements: 
Strong Windows 10 Pro and MacOS skills. 
Cloud collaboration platforms Slack, Office 365, and G-Suite. 
A+, Network+ or Security+ level of certification preferred. whiterabbit.ai 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Help Desk Analyst jobs in Remote Jobs at Whiterabbit.ai in Remote Help Desk Analyst salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Whiterabbit.ai 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
