
 
 
 
 Autonomy Engineer (Machine Learning) - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomy Engineer (Machine Learning) Brain Corp 2 reviews San Diego, CA Brain Corp 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Brain Corp is a San Diego-based AI company creating transformative core technology for the robotics industry. Our diverse teams in Software, Hardware Design, and Embedded Systems are creating comprehensive solutions to support the builders of today's autonomous machines in successfully producing, deploying, and supporting commercial robots across industries and applications. Brain Corp is funded by the SoftBank Vision Fund and Qualcomm Ventures. For more information please visit: https://www.braincorp.com/ 
 
Position Summary:
 
As a member of the Engineering Platform R&D team the Autonomy Engineer is responsible for robotic perception and data analysis algorithms using machine learning techniques for developing, maintaining, and improving proprietary indoor navigation software. This role uses machine learning, Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) and motion planning techniques to enable machines to perceive, learn, and navigate complex environments while avoiding people and obstacles. 
 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Research and develop state-of-the-art machine learning, SLAM and motion planning algorithms to improve the autonomous navigation system. 
 Implement new localization, depth perception, computer vision, mission/behavior planning, SLAM, motion planning algorithms. 
 Analyze data to assess and improve system performance. Benchmark, and report on various navigation algorithms. 
 Integrate, test, improve and demonstrate prototype projects in simulation and on real robots. 
 Optimize the current navigation software system to improve the stability and autonomy time. 
 Research new computer vision technologies that can be used on the robot; read conference papers, journals, or other relevant publications. 
 Collaborate with other team members, brainstorm ideas to push proprietary indoor navigation software forward. 
 Write research papers in the field of computer vision, machine learning, SLAM and/or motion planning. 
 
 What you need: 
 
 Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or related field. 
 1+ years of related work experience and/or research-based project experience in a university or professional setting. 
 Strong experience in algorithmic development and research techniques. Strong awareness of state-of-the-art technologies in robotic and self-driving. 
 1 year of experience in one or more of the following:
 Machine learning techniques (unsupervised, supervised, reinforcement) 
 Optimization algorithms 
 State-of-the-art motion and path planning algorithms 
 State-of-the-art computer vision algorithms 
 State-of-the-art depth perception algorithms 
 Simultaneous Localization and Mapping techniques 
 Strong coding skills Python and C++ in Linux environment. 
 Experience in deep neural network packages (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch) and other existing robotic and navigation libraries, tools and robotic middleware (such as ROS). 
 Experience with Agile and Scrum methodology and source version control tools (e.g. git, github). 
 
 Things that make a difference: 
 
 Publications in peer-reviewed scientific journals or conferences. 
 Experience in real-world robotic projects. 
 Experience with simulation environments. 
 PhD in the computer science, robotics or related field. 
 
 Physical Demands: 
 
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Essential functions may require maintaining the physical condition necessary for sitting, walking or standing for periods of time; operating a computer and keyboard; talk and hear at normal room levels; use hands to finger and grasp; repetitive motion; close visual acuity to prepare and analyze data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading; visual inspection involving small defects, small parts, and/or operation of machines; use of measurement devices; and/or assembly or fabrication parts at distances close to the eyes; push or pull up to 10 pounds. 
 
Work Environment: 
 
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet to moderate. Employees are exposed to the typical office environment with computers, printers and telephones. Brain Corp 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Brain in San Diego, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brain Corp 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
