
 
 
 
 Research Assistant Professor Artificial Intelligence in Cancer Imaging - Philadelphia, PA 19104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Assistant Professor Artificial Intelligence in Cancer Imaging University of Pennsylvania 930 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19104 Non-tenure University of Pennsylvania 930 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Non-tenure Full Job Description Perelman School of Medicine - Radiology
 
 Location:  Philadelphia, PA
 Open Date:  Aug 24, 2020
 Deadline:  Aug 24, 2022 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time
 
The Department of Radiology at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania seeks candidates for an Assistant Professor position in the non-tenure research track. Expertise is required in the specific area of data science; medical image analysis; deep learning and machine learning methodologies; x-ray imaging systems, ideally for breast cancer imaging applications; experience in conducting multi-disciplinary translational research studies; prior experience of supervising research trainees; track record of first-author peer-reviewed publications; writing grant applications. Applicants must have a Ph.D. or equivalent degree.
 
Research or scholarship responsibilities may include developing of a largely collaborative and/or independent research program with participation in multidisciplinary research developing and implementing novel approaches of artificial intelligence (AI) in cancer imaging applications, with a particular focus in precision cancer screening and multi-omic data integration. Planning and implementing the program's long-term goals, including writing grant applications and designing experiments; taking the lead in producing peer-reviewed publications; supervising trainees, developing novel techniques for quantitative analysis of multi-modality imaging data, including x-ray mammography, breast tomosynthesis, MRI and molecular imaging data using statistical tools and machine learning algorithms; working towards the clinical translation of AI in precision screening of cancer.
 
This position offers an opportunity to participate in cutting-edge collaborative multi-disciplinary projects in the Radiology department as well as the departments of pathology, oncology, genetics, biostatistics, informatics and epidemiology. Additionally, the applicant will perform front-line independent research, publishing papers in the top scientific literature and pursuing collaborative as well as independent funding.
 
The successful applicant will be a leading faculty member within the Computational Biomarker Imaging Group (CBIG), a research group within the Center for Biomedical Image Computing and Analytics (CBICA) of the Department of Radiology, with a vision is to act as a translational catalyst between computational imaging science and clinical cancer research by integrating image analysis, pattern recognition and data mining in clinically relevant cancer imaging applications. CBIG collaborates with faculty in the University of Pennsylvania Abramson Cancer Center (ACC), the Institute for Biomedical Informatics (IBI), and the Center for Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics (CCEB). In addition, collaborators across different institutions include a range of experts in informatics, medical physics, radiology, radiation oncology, genetics, pathology, oncology, biostatistics, and epidemiology.
 
We seek candidates who embrace and reflect diversity in the broadest sense. The University of Pennsylvania is an EOE. Minorities/women/individuals with disabilities/protected veterans are encouraged to apply.
 
To apply, visit https://apply.interfolio.com/78209
 
The University of Pennsylvania values diversity and seeks talented students, faculty and staff from diverse backgrounds. The University of Pennsylvania is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected class. Questions or concerns about this should be directed to the Executive Director of the Office of Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Programs, University of Pennsylvania, 421 Franklin Building, 3451 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6205; or  (215) 898-6993  (Voice) or (215) 898-7803 (TDD).
 
jeid-3cfb2571f76cb34c91b81321b420b819 University of Pennsylvania 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, PA Assistant Professor salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania 930 reviews The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
