
 
 
 
 Head of Biology - San Carlos, CA 94070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Biology January 10 reviews San Carlos, CA 94070 Full-time January 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description January AI: Eat Different 
Founded by veteran business executive, Noosheen Hashemi, and Director of Genomics and Personalized Medicine at Stanford University, Dr. Michael Snyder, January AI is the first precision health company that combines heart rate and continuous glucose monitors, sleep and activity tracking, and seamless meal logging to give you a complete picture of your metabolic well-being and nudge you towards better habits in just 30 days—from predicting which foods you should eat and avoid, to when a brisk walk or overnight fast can bring your blood sugar back into a healthy range. 
Check out our recent coverage in STAT, TechCrunch, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and VentureBeat. 
At January AI, we believe that every day is January 1st, that every day is a fresh start. We believe that health isn’t a place you reach, but the simple process of doing just a little better than yesterday. We believe that self-improvement is a team sport. That’s why January AI is creating a community of everyday people building their healthy habits, together. January AI is backed, among others, by Marc Benioff, Jerry Yang and Steve Chen, founders of Salesforce, Yahoo! and YouTube. If you’re ready to join our team and help grow this community, please submit your application following the link provided. 
 
 Position Overview: 
Join the pioneering team of scientists applying pharmaceutical methodologies and disciplines to develop novel nutraceuticals addressing cardiometabolic health. If you’re interested in unlocking the power of food as medicine, personalized nutrition, microbiome interventions and AI to democratize longevity, become a leading member of our dream team. Build out nutritional technologies that personalize, prevent, and ameliorate chronic diseases including Type 2 diabetes utilizing our robust pipeline of proprietary technologies. 
 
We are seeking an accomplished, energetic, and detail-oriented leader to join our R&D team as the Head of Biology. The qualified candidate is scientifically curious, data-driven, goal-oriented, and passionate about pushing the boundaries of longevity. An interdisciplinary scientist that thrives in collaborative environments and is highly motivated to advance programs from target identification to clinical development. In addition, the candidate will manage key relationships and develop plans with an array of external CROs. 
This is a unique opportunity to be part of a rapidly growing company developing a pipeline of nutraceutical interventions to address cardiometabolic health. The job title and level will correspond to the experience and skills of the selected candidate. 
 Qualifications: 
Ph.D. and or M.D. with at least 10 years of R&D experience and a minimum of 3+ years in a group leadership and management role. 
Minimum 5+ years of experience in a small biotech/pharma environment strongly preferred 
Advanced knowledge of the product development process and inter-dependencies of key functions such as research, clinical research, manufacturing, and regulatory affairs 
Enthusiastic mentor and leader with experience managing research scientists 
Extensive experience drafting detailed experimental plans and managing external vendors 
Excellent communicator with exceptional verbal, presentation, and written communication skills 
Proactive, innovative, and with excellent problem-solving skills 
Highly organized and detail oriented with experience developing and executing on project plans and timelines, as well as budget management 
Excellent working ability across a matrixed environment 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
Leading, managing, and mentoring teams of biologists and microbiologists, and ideally, is an active contributor in the lab 
Developing detailed experimental plans for target identification, validation and mechanism of action 
Assisting with the evaluation, optimization, and management of external vendors 
Lead, facilitate and document project team meetings, cross-functional communication and decision making, ensuring alignment with internal functional groups and leadership 
Establish and maintain functionally integrated project schedules to enable accurate project analyses, identification of critical path activities and areas of resource constraint 
Oversee project management activities, scenario planning, identify and manage project objectives, work plans, timelines, budgets, providing formal and informal status updates to stakeholders as needed 
Interface with Marketing, Engineering and Development team’s Senior Management on project requirements, status review, and key development decisions 
Contribution to overall pipeline strategy, vision, and operation 
We'd love to hear from you! 
January is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 We are a diverse team and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. 
Our HQ office is located in sunny and beautiful downtown Menlo Park, CA, walking distance to Caltrain and local cafes and restaurants. 
Local or West coast-based candidates preferred. 
Benefits and Perks of working Full-time at January include: Competitive salary and equity packages; 401k with corporate matching; Health, dental, vision, life and AD&D insurance; Commuter benefits. 
We do not accept third-party solicitation for employment. January 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at January in San Carlos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from January 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
