
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer First Boulevard United States Remote Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 5 days ago Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Do you want to leverage your Machine Learning skills at an innovative, fast-growing startup? We are here to make a big impact, and we're looking for motivated team members to help achieve our goals by building an amazing financial product. The Machine Learning Engineer collaborates closely with other functional teams to design, build, test, and deploy AI solutions to address market needs. 
 About us: 
 First Boulevard is a modern financial technology company building generational wealth for Black America. Though unbanked, underbanked and underserved, the Black community's $1.4 trillion in annual economic impact provides a significant base to build upon. By providing a platform focused on improving financial livelihood through incentive-based financial education, Black-focused spending, and automated wealth building, First Boulevard helps members remove the stress from managing their money while also developing positive financial behaviors and habits to reach goals faster. 
 17% Black Americans do not have a bank account. 
The disparity in average net worth between black families and white families in America is $153,000. 
Incumbent banks require on average an additional $245 in deposit minimums for Black Americans to avoid fees. 
Black families are being underserved and overcharged by incumbent banks. 
 What you will do at First Boulevard: 
 Builds distributed, scalable, and reliable data pipelines that ingest and process data at scale and in real-time to feed machine learning algorithms. 
Writes understandable, testable, and secure code with an eye towards quality and maintainability. 
Implements AWS services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments. 
 Requirements: 
 Proficiency with at least one the languages such as Python, Java, Scala, C++. 
Hands on experience working on large-scale data science/data analytics projects. 
Hands-on experience with Data Analytics technologies such as AWS, Hadoop, Spark, Spark SQL, MLib, or Storm/Samza. 
Experience with at least one of the modern distributed Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet Caffe, and Keras. 
Experience building large-scale machine-learning infrastructure that have been successfully delivered to customers. 
Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs. 
3+ years experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance, and reliability. 
Startup experience preferred. 
***WHEN APPLYING, PLEASE COMPLETE THE APPLICATION QUESTIONS IN FULL IN ORDER TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS ROLE*** 
 
 Why join the First Boulevard team? 
 First Boulevard is working hard to build generational wealth for our Black community. Work for a company that walks their talk! Our team members enjoy competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including: 
 High-quality, comprehensive Aetna medical plans. The company pays 100% insurance premiums for employees, and 75% of premiums for spouse and family. 
Dental and vision insurance. 
Meaningful equity via stock options. 
Flexible vacation plan and 10 paid holidays. 
Wellness program. 
Advancement opportunities with a fast-growing company. 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. First Boulevard 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in United States Jobs at First Boulevard in United States Machine Learning Engineer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from First Boulevard Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
