
 
 
 
 Content Writer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content Writer DMI 180 reviews Remote Full-time DMI 180 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About DMI:
 
DMI (Digital Management, LLC.) is a global technology solutions company that specializes in digital strategy, design, transformation and support. Utilizing expertise from six unique DMI Groups, in the areas of AI & Analytics, Commerce, Experience, Managed Services, Transformation, and Government, DMI delivers intelligent digital transformation solutions that meet organizations where they are. Born digital, DMI has been delivering mission-critical, enterprise grade solutions since 2002 for over a hundred Fortune 1000 enterprises and all fifteen U.S. Federal Departments. DMI has grown to 2,000+ employees globally and has been continually recognized by top industry analysts as market leader as well as a Top Place to Work by the Washington Post. DMInc.com| Careers | Twitter | LinkedIn |Facebook 
About the Opportunity:
 
Content Writers at DMI use compelling storytelling and a clear voice to deliver world-class copy for our clients. The ideal candidate has experience in B2B and DTC communications, with the ability to take complicated topics and translate them into consumable content. Content Writers will be partnered with Art Directors and Designers when content requires visual accompaniment. 
SKILLS 
Craft compelling headlines and body copy 
Develop impactful, digitally focused written content for multiple channels including, but not limited to social media, search ads, blogs, websites, and white papers that build awareness and drive engagement and consideration of the client’s products and services 
Combine the art of storytelling with business acumen, leveraging the client's brand as well as data, analytics, and market trends to win the hearts and minds of various audiences 
Understand the principles of SEO and write content that adheres to best practices 
Become a steward of the client’s brand and write content that follows the brand voice and grammar guidelines 
Understand business goals and a client’s vision 
Transform strategic research into work that moves target audiences 
Seek out new and innovative forms of content within our industry/relevant to current clients 
Work collaboratively with art directors and designers to bring content to life 
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail 
Juggle multiple concurrent projects 
Proofreading 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
Create work that meets and exceeds project goals 
Seek out feedback from the internal team 
Maintain open, honest, and trusting relationships 
Communicate work in a clear, consistent, and transparent manner 
Understand, interpret, and implement team and client feedback 
Participate in client meetings with oversight 
Troubleshoot task- and project-based issues 
Participate in proposal production 
Share growth opportunities for the team 
Seek out opportunities for self-development 
Proactively alert team of foreseen time issues 
Effectively manage administration such as time reporting 
Understand project budget and time allotment per project 
Qualifications:
 
QUALIFICATIONS 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in a related field 
2-4+ years of relevant industry experience and a portfolio of relevant writing samples 
Experience with Acrobat Pro; Microsoft Office Suite: Word, PowerPoint & Excel; Google: Docs, Sheets, Slides 
Proficient in a variety of methods to convey ideas and concepts (e.g., storyboards, mood boards, prototypes, etc.) 
Physical Requirement(s):  No Physical requirement needed for this position . 
Location: REMOTE (EST zone preferred) 
Working at DMI 
DMI is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. Being part of the DMI family means we care about your wellbeing. As such, we offer a variety of perks and benefits that help meet various interests and needs, while still having the opportunity to work directly with a number of our award winning, Fortune 1000 clients. The following categories make up your DMI wellbeing: 
Community – Blood drives, volunteering opportunities, Holiday parties, summer picnics, Tech Chef, Octoberfest just to name a few ways DMI comes together as a community. 
Convenience/Concierge - Virtual visits through health insurance, pet insurance, commuter benefits, discount tickets for movies, travel and many other items to provide convenience. 
Development – Annual performance management, continuing education and tuition assistance, internal job opportunities along with career enrichment and advancement to help each employee with their professional and personal development. 
Financial – Generous 401k match for both pre-tax and post-tax (ROTH) contributions along with financial wellness education, EAP, Life Insurance and Disability help provide financial stability for each DMI employee. 
Recognition – Great achievements do not go unnoticed by DMI through Annual Awards ceremony, service anniversaries, peer-to-peer acknowledgement through Give-A-Wow, employee referral bonuses. 
Wellness – Healthcare benefits, Wellness programs, Flu Shots, Biometric screenings, on-site lactation rooms provide employees with several wellness options. 
Employees are valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company. 
The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Veterans/Disability. DMI maintains a drug-free workplace. 
***************** No Agencies Please ***************** 
Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions. DMI 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Content Writer jobs in Remote Jobs at DMI in Remote Content Writer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from DMI DMI 180 reviews DMI (Digital Management, LLC.) is a global technology solutions company that specializes in digital strategy, design, transformation and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
