
 
 
 
 Senior Intelligence Analyst - SME 1 - Vienna, VA 22180 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Intelligence Analyst - SME 1 Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 32 reviews Vienna, VA 22180 Full-time Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 32 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Illuminate seeks an exceptionally qualified Intelligence Analyst SME 1 (IA SME 1) to support the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center (TSC).
 The IA SME 1 will perform Identity Intelligence (I2) to locate, resolve, and track known or suspected terrorists (KST) in support of national watchlisting efforts. The IA SME 1 will review incoming information and research existing holdings to identify related biographic, biometric, and derogatory information for KSTs and report findings to the government customer. 
 Responsibilities:
 
The IA SME 1 shall performs duties to include, but not limited to: 
Uses functional and/or subject-matter expertise from direct industry experience to assess the organizational, operational, and functional baseline for law enforcement, homeland defense, emergency preparedness, and security clients. 
Guides identification of systems, mission engineering, and business process inadequacies and deficiencies that affect the functional area’s ability to support/meet organizational threats. 
Provides expert consulting and advisory expertise in organizational and vulnerability assessments, intelligence and threat analysis, and resolution of highly complex projects and problems. 
Shall work closely with the Program Manager and establish priorities and plans across the contract and engage with customers to understand changing needs and requirements. 
Shall ensure operational coverage for all critical areas to meet 24 hours, 7 days a week, 365-day requirements and priorities as identified by TSC Leadership. 
Shall provide timely responses to email and phone calls as needed to include after-hours coordination when needed. 
Shall apply expert knowledge and mastery in the application of a wide range of qualitative and/or quantitative methods for the assessment and improvement of program effectiveness and/or the improvement of complex management processes, systems, and procedures. 
Shall apply expert knowledge of applicable theories, principles, practices, approaches, and techniques of research, survey methodology, and analysis concepts. 
Shall develop knowledge of the TSC's overall structure, missions, functions, policies, and programs in order to identify the impact and effect of study findings and recommendations on the TSC. 
Shall develop knowledge of TSC program goals and objectives, the sequence and timing of key program events and milestones, and methods of evaluating the worth of program accomplishments. 
Other duties as assigned. 
Work schedule must conform to customer’s work schedule. May be called upon to support 24/7/365 operations. 
Qualifications:
 
The IA SME 1 shall possess the following qualifications: 
M.A./M.S./M.B.A or higher degree in any discipline and 7 years of relevant experience; B.A./B.S. degree in any discipline and 9 years of relevant experience; or A.A./A.S. degree and 11 years of relevant experience. 
Relevant experience may include watchlisting, identity screening, terrorism analysis, identity intelligence, military intelligence, encounter management, or national security (counterterrorism, counterintelligence, transnational organized crime, WMD, etc.). 
Professional briefing and communication skills and ability to work effectively and harmoniously with fellow team members. 
Illuminate provides full-spectrum solutions and services to address the needs of our global clients across the commercial, homeland security, defense, and public sector industries. Its mission is focused on one objective: providing solutions that accelerate our customers’ operational decision making. Illuminate enables this ability by matching its multi-source data acquisition technologies and tradecraft-driven analytic services with superior large-scale AI/ML-enabled data enrichment, engineering methodologies, and our unique mission-oriented subject matter expertise. 
Equal employment opportunity employer:
 All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
 Illuminate is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 9 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Vienna, VA Jobs at Cyberspace Solutions in Vienna, VA Intelligence Analyst salaries in Vienna, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cyberspace Solutions, LLC Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 32 reviews Cyberspace Solutions, LLC offers our customers the support and delivery of a wide range of analytic and cyber effect solutions in the fig... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
