
 
 
 
 Courier - Culver City, CA 90232 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Courier Swiss Post Solutions Inc Culver City, CA 90232 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Courier ensures customers’ satisfaction by making pick-ups and deliveries within a campus environment in a proficient and timely manner. Maintains a professional image of the company by providing prompt, courteous and efficient service. 
Key Responsibilities:
 Travels a predefined courier route via automobile to deliver mail and parcels throughout the campus. 
Keeps log and time stamp of items received and delivered. 
Supports chain of custody requirements defined within the operating procedures. 
Performs pick-up and delivery of jobs by accurately following a map and/or written instructions. 
Follows Operational Service Excellence performance requirements. 
Responds to client requests, ensuring the accuracy of the order taken and delivery of the completed orders in a timely manner. 
Completes all paperwork in a timely, accurate and legible manner. 
Responsible for maintaining compliance with state and company standards by operating a vehicle in a safe and lawful manner and following company guidelines in the event of an accident and/or injury. 
Presents professional appearance to clients by dressing in professional attire according to company standards. 
Responsible for vehicle safety by maintaining routine maintenance on all delivery vehicles (oil change, tire rotation, etc.) according to company specifications. 
Services vehicle driven, such as checking fluid levels and replenishing fuel. 
Delivers mail and parcels throughout the campus. 
Performs pick-up and delivery. 
Responds to client requests accurately and in a timely manner. 
Services the vehicle driven. 
Competencies : 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Excellent customer service skills 
Excellent driving record 
Good organizational skills 
Qualifications: 
Requires high school diploma 
Must be flexible to work hours between 7:00 am and 6:00 pm (full time – 8 hour shifts) 
Physical Demands: 
Fine and/or gross motor skills, including the ability to grasp, lift and/or carry or otherwise move packages on a standard wheeled cart with a load capacity of 60 lbs. 
Ability to walk, bend, kneel, stand, and/or sit for an extended period of time. 
Manual dexterity required for operating office machinery (phone, copy machines, binding equipment, etc.) 
Ability to lift or move 40 lbs. or greater frequently 
Travel: Local travel required 
Other Duties: 
This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. 
Swiss Post Solutions (SPS) is an award-winning employer of choice offering outsourcing solutions that leverage Intelligent Automation (Artificial Intelligence & Robotic Process Automation) in more than 15 countries across the globe. 
In North America, our services include Mailroom Management (both physical and digital), Office Services such as Reception, Lobby Concierge and Conference Room Management in addition to Document Processing Services utilizing leading edge technologies. Our clients today are companies in sectors such as banking, insurance, legal, higher education, advertising and other professional services, including many Fortune 500 companies. 
SPS is committed to delivering high caliber outsourcing experience to our clients and offering our employees challenging and exciting career opportunities throughout the North America region and globally. SPS is committed to investing in the professional development of our employees and offers competitive comprehensive benefits and diverse development training programs that lead to building careers. 
Swiss Post Solutions provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual and reproductive health choices, national origin, age, disability or genetics. Swiss Post Solutions Inc 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Courier jobs in Culver City, CA Jobs at Swiss Post Solutions in Culver City, CA Courier salaries in Culver City, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
