
 
 
 
 Informatica Developer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Informatica Developer Capgemini 8,221 reviews Remote Remote Capgemini 8,221 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Duration: 7+ months 
Requirement: 
Strong working experience in Informatica PowerCenter, Teradata, Oracle, SQL and UNIX. Have extensively worked in developing ETL program for supporting Data Extraction, transformations and loading using Informatica PowerCenter. Created UNIX shell scripts to run the Informatica workflows and controlling the ETL flow. Experience in Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) of data from various data sources into Data Marts and Data Warehouse using Informatica PowerCenter components (Repository Manager, Designer, Workflow Manager and Workflow Monitor). Good Experience in creating Transformations and mappings using Informatica Designer and processing tasks using Workflow Manager to move data from multiple sources into targets. Should have very good knowledge in Teradata. Good knowledge of creating/Modifying Bteq files is essential. Should have very good skills in UNIX, should be able to analyze/create UNIX scripts individually. Should have good knowledge in ETL process, standards, and best practices. Hands on experience in Batch processing, scheduling jobs in Teradata and SQL Programming/Querying (Stored procedures, Functions, Complex joins, Triggers, Indexing, DML and DDL) Control-M Knowledge is must for job monitoring and job scheduling Performing database diagnostics, query optimizations, performance tuning and monitoring Should have Proven Experience into Data Modelling Translating complex business requirements into scalable technical solutions meeting development standards Should be able to individually attend client calls and perform requirement gathering and prepare required documents Should be good in debugging and analyzing the issues and resolve in a timely manner. Keeping up to date with the latest technical advances within the agreed technical specialism 
The Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation. The software platform leverages Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to make sure the right people end up in the right job. 
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion. Capgemini 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Informatica Developer jobs in Remote Jobs at Capgemini in Remote Informatica Developer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,221 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
