
 
 
 
 Sr. Validator Quantitative Specialist - McLean, VA or Telecommute - McLean, VA 22101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Validator Quantitative Specialist - McLean, VA or Telecommute U.S. Bank 9,640 reviews McLean, VA 22101 Remote $109,395 - $128,700 a year  -   Full-time U.S. Bank 9,640 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $109,395 - $128,700 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
 Job Description
 This position supports the U.S. Bank Model Risk Management program by promoting effective governance with the goal to assess risks that may impact the company, including financial, liquidity, market, operational, reputational, strategic, and other risks as appropriate.
 
 
This role provides independent oversight and effective challenge to models the bank relies on for financial decision making. Specifically, this individual is accountable for independently validating the technical and functional soundness for bank-wide compliance models including Anti-Money Laundering, Economics Sanction, Customer Risk Rating, Fair Lending as well as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Models. The analyst assesses model risk through periodic validation and monitoring activities that independently challenge conceptual design/methodology, reference data, processes, and performance. Validation identify corrective actions that promote model risk management process improvements and ensure the timely remediation of identified issues. The role also requires that individual assess the submitted remediation of the aforementioned identified issues.
 
 
The analyst interfaces with key stakeholders, leadership throughout validation process, regulators (OCC/FED) and internal audit to discuss justification and reasoning behind validation and review findings.
 Job location is flexible.
 Basic Qualifications
 
 Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field, and 10 or more years of experience in statistical modeling, OR
 Master's or PhD degree in a quantitative field, and six or more years of experience in statistical modeling
 
Preferred Skills/Experience
 Strong statistical modeling experience in Financial Crime Models (AML, Economics Sanctions and Customer Risk Rating) and Compliance Models (Fair Lending)
 Prior exposure to validation or development of BSA/AML Models, Fair Lending Models or Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Models
 Deep understanding of Machine Learning and NLP is a plus
 Experience using either SAS, STATA, R, EVIEWS or comparable statistical software
 Ability to build strong relations with stakeholders, business line partners, and colleagues across the bank
 Must be a self-motivated worker who is comfortable and effective working with varying levels of guidance
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills are necessary (ability to explain complex ideas in simple yet precise, non-technical language)
 Advanced understanding of applicable compliance laws, regulations, financial services, and regulatory trends that affect assigned line of business
 Demonstrated independence, teamwork and leadership skills
 Strong project management skills
 Benefits:
 
Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.
 Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting usbank.com/careers .
 EEO is the Law
 
Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.
 E-Verify
 U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program .
 Salary range reflected is an estimate of base pay and is for the primary location. Base pay range may vary if an offer is made for work in a different location. Pay Range: $109,395.00 - $128,700.00 - $141,570.00 U.S. Bank 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Validation Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at U.S. Bank in McLean, VA Senior Validation Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from U.S. Bank U.S. Bank 9,640 reviews U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) is a diversified financial services holding company and parent company of U.S. Bank, the nation's fifth largest ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
