
 
 
 
 Senior Backend Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Backend Engineer Centaur Labs Boston, MA Centaur Labs is advancing medical AI through trusted, accurate medical data labeling. Our novel approach uses collective intelligence to aggregate opinions from experts and students all over the world, who provide these opinions on our gamified app, DiagnosUs. This expert network amasses over one million weekly labels on a wide range of medical data formats, for customers including leading AI startups and prominent research organizations. We're backed by YC, Matrix Partners, Accel, Susa Ventures, and Global Founders Capital, among others. 
We're looking for an ambitious Senior Backend Engineer who can help us tackle a number of exciting challenges: 
 
 How do we convert laborious work that currently takes expensive experts a long time to do - like segmenting all the slices of a 3D brain scan - into small, high-throughput tasks that can be done quickly on a phone? 
 How do we use cash prizes to incentivize labelers to try their best while anticipating and plugging loopholes that would allow users to game the system? 
 How do we let anyone in the world use our app while preventing any individual from downloading or scraping the valuable datasets they're labeling? 
 Requirements 
 You have deep engineering experience (in any language) working on the backend of consumer-facing mobile or web products. 
 You've been part of a team that is rapidly growing/changing, and made significant contributions to an evolving codebase. 
 Preferred Skills 
 You have experience solving at least one of the challenges we deal with, such as: scaling to thousands of concurrent users, preventing users from finding/exploiting potential loopholes in gameplay, or customizing app experiences for individual users. 
 Candidates in Boston (or willing to relocate) are strongly preferred. 
 
Diversity is a priority for us. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. Centaur Labs 9 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Back End Developer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Centaur Labs in Boston, MA Back End Developer salaries in Boston, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
