
 
 
 
 Corporate Counsel, Cloud + AI Security - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Counsel, Cloud + AI Security Microsoft 7,267 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission. 
The Corporate, External and Legal Affairs team (CELA) works on complex business, legal and regulatory issues around the world, playing a proactive role and applying creative strategies to advance business goals and benefit customers, industry partners, and the communities where we live and work. 
This role is based in Microsoft’s Cloud + AI CELA team, where you will have the chance to work with teams that help secure Microsoft, its products, and its customers using those products. This includes legal support for teams that 1) respond to security and privacy incidents impacting Microsoft’s internal and cloud infrastructure, including its Cloud + AI offerings; 2) manage security operations within the Microsoft Cloud + AI organization; and 3) develop and release security products that better secure customers running their workloads on Azure. 
Responsibilities 
Legal Advice and Counsel - You act as the primary legal contact for assigned clients, and you provide support and answer questions for other attorneys; you exemplify legal compliance policy/standards and advise clients on compliance issues. 
Subject Expertise - You are a contributor about legal and related business matters for clients and colleagues; you have a basic understanding of legal principles and interpret legal information. 
Solution Implementation - You identify, anticipate, and propose solutions for legal risks; you manage project work expenses according to budget and provide feedback to the improvement of project operations. 
Issue Resolution - You resolve project-specific issues by interacting with outside counsel or other service providers. 
Communication - You organize and simplify issues and ideas in written or oral communication; you work collaboratively within and across Legal and Corporate functions; you identify and engage appropriate stakeholders in Legal and Corporate Affairs and escalate issues when necessary. 
Qualifications 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
Legal Acumen - The ability to interpret, analyze, and advise on the company's legal position. This includes the ability to apply knowledge of the legal framework related to one's practice area, use legal information to diagnose key issues, and develop strategies and plans. 
Technology Industry Knowledge - Knowledge of trends, direction, new products and changes in the technology as it applies to a particular area of focus, as well as specific knowledge about software and online services. 
Creative Legal Thinking - The ability to develop and present creative arguments and opinions to support the organization, defend cases, or negotiate solutions. 
Client Communications - The ability to communicate clearly, diplomatically and effectively to an audience that may include, staff, investors, stockholders, stakeholders, clients, and others verbally and through announcements, newsletters, memos, annual reports, status reports, and other media. 
Global Mindset - Knowledge and understanding of global cultures, including similarities and differences. This includes the ability to work across organizational, functional, and geographic boundaries to drive communications, business strategies and multi-geography projects and teams; and adapt to a highly matrixed environment. 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
Completion of a Juris Doctorate Degree or Equivalent International Degree 
Active license to practice law in a jurisdiction and capable of meeting admission requirements in relevant jurisdiction 
3+ years experience as a practicing attorney 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
1+ years experience as an attorney in a specialized practice area, such as privacy, cybersecurity, or intellectual property law, or in technology-related litigation
 Law firm experience or in-house counsel experience 
Experience supporting internal or regulatory compliance programs 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Corporate Counsel jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Corporate Counsel salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
