
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Auryc Los Altos, CA 94022 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Full-Time, Los Altos 
 
Auryc is a fast growing and well-funded SaaS company with headquarters in Silicon Valley. We are looking for a top-notch Data Scientist to join and help us design and implement our cutting-edge data analytics platform. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Spearheading the initiative to make value of data by utilizing the power of machine learning, statistical analysis, optimization methods, and various AI techniques. 
 Researching and developing innovative solutions in revenue optimization. Auryc’s customers strive to optimize their omnichannel customer engagement with the goal of increasing revenue by millions of dollars. The Data Scientist will identify areas to automate the delivery of insights and attach a revenue potential for each opportunity. 
 Researching and developing innovative solutions in customer engagement optimization. Coming up with scalable models and recommendations based on the behavior of customers to help Auryc’s customers take direct actions to improve their customer experience and level of engagement. 
 Developing scalable experimentation techniques to efficiently evaluate the models using real-time and offline data sets. Working with the engineering team to deploy the models to production and quickly iterate. 
 
 
Requirements: 
 Excellent understanding of machine learning models and statistical analysis. Optimization methods and various AI techniques are a big plus 
 Experience with common data science toolkits 
 Good scripting and programming skills 
 Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig 
 Experience with Graph Database is a plus. 
 Ph.D. or M.S. in computer science, machine learning, statistics, or related fields 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills 
 
 
Email us at  jobs@auryc.com Auryc 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Auryc in Los Altos, CA Data Scientist salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Auryc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
