
 
 
 
 ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, FOUNDATIONAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE - Charlotte, NC 28217 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, FOUNDATIONAL ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE Collins Aerospace 3,004 reviews Charlotte, NC 28217 Remote Collins Aerospace 3,004 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Date Posted: 
2021-06-09-07:00 
Country: 
United States of America 
Location: 
HNC04: Headquarters - Charlotte Aero 2730 West Tyvola Road, Charlotte, NC, 28217 USA 
The Foundational AI group within the Applied Research and Technology organization is charted with the development of core Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning capabilities for Collins Aerospace. We are at the forefront of technology, redefining aerospace for a more intelligent, more connected, more autonomous future. To realize this vision, we are in search of enthusiastic technologists to join our global team. 
This individual can work at any Collins Aerospace domestic location or remote. 
Primary Responsibilities 
Develop technology roadmaps for Collins Aerospace and drive implementation with internal stakeholder 
Represent the Applied Research and Technology organization of Collins with external customers. 
Mentor and lead junior team members and Collins business unit engineers 
Development of new Machine Learning concepts, architectures, and algorithms with applications to a variety of aerospace systems and products. 
Development of novel concepts, writing of proposals to external R&D customers 
Work jointly with internal stakeholders on early stage prototyping, technology application and transitions. 
Collaborate with university and industry partners on state of the art research. 
Basic Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree (typically in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM)) and a minimum of 12 years of prior relevant experience unless prohibited by local laws/regulations OR Advanced Degree in a related field and minimum 10 years experience. In absence of a degree, 16 years of relevant experience is required 
Must be a U.S. Person/Permanent Resident “Green Card” holder 
Must be willing and able to travel 35% of the time 
Proven record of leading externally funded research programs. 
Broad background in Machine Learning technologies, including reinforcement learning, deep learning, computer vision and knowledge graphs. 
Experience developing and implementing machine learning algorithms at scale. 
Experience with machine learning packages such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, as well as Python programming 
Experience working on AI/ML research programs, ideally government sponsored research 
Publication record in AI/ML or adjacent fields 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Ph.D. in Computer Science or Engineering with a focus on Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning and 10+ years experience 
Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market. 
Collins Aerospace makes modern flight possible. Of course, that wouldn’t be possible without the capabilities and technologies of our organization, as well as our engineers – a highly skilled, accomplished network that spans more than 180 sites, 24 countries and 6 Strategic Business Units (SBUs). 
Our industry-leading experts are setting the standards for the aerospace industry and paving the way for the future. But as new challenges present themselves, we need fresh, creative and motivated minds to overcome these hurdles, help us break barriers and achieve new levels of innovation. Do you have what it takes to join a global, diverse organization that doesn’t shy away from big opportunities? If so, we invite you to join our ranks and create the next generation of aerospace technologies. 
Together, we will nurture an engineering culture that values intellectual curiosity, risk takers and integrity. A place where we will challenge ourselves, our teams, and the status quo and where we will work to find a way – the right way – to achieve what others can only dream of. 
Collins Aerospace Diversity & Inclusion Statement: 
Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success . We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility. 
WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE. 
Some of our competitive benefits package includes:
 Medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees 
Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option 
Tuition reimbursement 
Life insurance and disability coverage 
Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, criticalillness insurance, group legal 
Ovia Health, fertility and family planning 
Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions 
Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You 
Autism Benefit 
Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits 
Adoption Assistance 
Best Doctors, second opinion program 
 And more! 
Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen. 
Note: 
Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.) 
Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year 
At Collins, the paths we pave together lead to limitless possibility. And the bonds we form – with our customers and with each other - propel us all higher, again and again.
 Apply now and be part of the team that’s redefining aerospace, every day. 
Raytheon Technologies is An Equal  Opportunity/Affirmative  Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class. 
Privacy Policy and Terms: 
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms Collins Aerospace 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Collins Aerospace in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Collins Aerospace Collins Aerospace 3,004 reviews From the smallest details to the highest pursuits, Collins Aerospace is dedicated to redefining aerospace. 

With our customers, we rel... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
