
 
 
 
 Educational Specialist (US) - VR Simulation - (Remote) - Boston, MA 02110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Educational Specialist (US) - VR Simulation - (Remote) Oxford Medical Simulation Boston, MA 02110 Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In a nutshell
 Title:  Educational Specialist
 Role:  Responsible for expanding and optimizing the use of the OMS VR software
 Location:  Remote, US, with some travel
 Days/week:  Full Time
 Salary:  DoE The Who, What, Where, When & Why
 This is an exciting opportunity to become an integral part of the Educational Specialist team at Oxford Medical Simulation, improving patient care through exceptional educational services.
 OMS Educational Specialists forge links with healthcare institutions, work with them to understand their needs, then demonstrate, implement and support the use of virtual reality simulation. The Educational Specialist is dynamic, self-motivated, empathetic to the needs of clients and dedicated to helping them achieve optimal educational results. In addition to supporting the integration of virtual simulation through the OMS Distance platform and live VR experiences, Educational Specialists support institutions through curriculum planning and ongoing live and virtual support.
 No experience of VR is needed and all your training is provided by a close-knit team of clinicians and simulation experts with the objective to build expertise in virtual reality, simulation-based education and curriculum.
 The OMS Educational Specialist team is dedicated to delivering quality clinical training to healthcare professionals across the US, UK and EU.
 Because of you, patients’ lives will be saved.
 
 Who you are: 
You are a US-trained Doctor, Nurse or Simulation, Expert.
 
Have a passion for or experience in medicine, nursing, simulation learning design or debriefing.
 
You are enthusiastic, flexible and conscientious.
 
You are curious, an excellent listener, and able to consult with a broad range of individuals to find the best solution for them.
 
You are enthusiastic, flexible and always learning.
 
You are creative, collaborative and conscientious.
 
You are driven and self-motivated, thriving with a challenge and something new to learn.
 
 Bonus points for: 
Experience in simulation sales.
 
 What will you be doing: 
Work with our international Educational Specialist team to identify and develop links with clients including colleges, universities, hospitals and simulation centers.
 
Proactively engage with colleges, universities, hospitals and simulation centers that could benefit from the implementation of virtual or VR simulation in their programs.
 
Advise clients on solutions, facilitate the procurement process, and consult on optimal implementation of the OMS VR system.
 
Work with clients to improve learner engagement, satisfaction and educational outcomes.
 
Work as a part of the wider OMS team in contributing to the design and development of innovative VR simulation scenarios and curriculum planning to support those experiences.
 
Attend conferences to showcase OMS scenarios at their best.
 
 OMS:  Who we are
 We are nurses, doctors, educators, sim techs, skiers, boarders, runners, rowers, magicians, weavers, pilots, photographers, game heroes, climbers, movie buffs, developers, artists, animators and innovators. We are hard-working. We are passionate about what we do. We care about the work. We care about each other. We care about pushing the boundaries to improve the lives of others.
 
 We value these behaviours above all: 
Care & Pride - when we do something we do it to the best of our ability
 
Growth mindset - we may never have done it before but we’ll figure it out and be awesome
 
True team players - we leave the ego at the door. What we are doing is bigger than any of us.
 
Sound like a challenge you are ready for?
 About Oxford Medical Simulation
 OMS helps health systems, hospitals, medical and nursing schools deliver quality simulation at scale.
 Our award-winning VR simulation platform is transforming the way healthcare and educational institutions train, assess and recruit healthcare professionals. By combining cutting edge 3D visualization with artificial intelligence and leading educational theory, OMS delivers all of the benefits of physical simulation while delivering significant savings and improving patient care.
 Founded in 2017 and commercially launching the award-winning OMS Platform in late 2018, Oxford Medical Simulation (OMS) has experienced rapid growth with deployments spanning the globe across the NHS, Health Education England, Oxford University, multiple US universities and health systems and the world’s #1 paediatric hospital. OMS was named in the Top 50 Tech Companies 2019 by Business Cloud and was a finalist in the Global VR Awards 2019 & 2020. We have also been shortlisted for the Go Tech Awards 2021.
 OMS is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. OMS is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
 Benefits
 
Remote working as a standard
 
38 days paid leave, including public holidays
 
Medical Insurance + additional benefits
 
Knowing that you are making a real difference Oxford Medical Simulation 19 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Educator jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Oxford Medical Simulation in Boston, MA Educator salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oxford Medical Simulation Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
