
 
 
 
 Manager, Business Intelligence - Houston, TX 77002 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Business Intelligence NRG 482 reviews Houston, TX 77002 NRG 482 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of our diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best-in-class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers large and small, we implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy, developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost three million residential and commercial customers throughout the country. 
More information is available at www.nrg.com. Connect with NRG Energy on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @nrgenergy. 
Job Summary: 
 The Manager, Business Intelligence (BI) manages and oversees the ongoing BI and Analytics projects and processes necessary to provide insights and analytics to the business that are actionable and value generating across the value chain. This role required a strong business as well as quantitative knowledge to build strong business alignment with internal teams and provides them with the platform and technology to easily access information and analytics. 
Essential Duties/Responsibilities: 
Utilize current technology to gather, store, disseminate, and analyze information to ultimately make strategic decisions.
 Research new technology and develop business cases to support enterprise wide business intelligence solutions.
 Collaborate with development teams to design business intelligence solutions.
 Use quantitative and qualitative data from internal and external data sources to produce dashboards, metrics, or insights and identify trends or anomalies.
 Lead the design and support of enterprise wide corporate and customer KPI’s from senior management to understand strategic priorities and gathers data and information requirements.
 Design and coordinate a curriculum for coaching and training customers in the use of business intelligence tools to enhance business decision-making capability.
 Develop ways to access and analyze large amounts of data from multiple sources in an efficient and effective way while providing key business insights.
 Deliver best-in-class deep dive analytics and actionable insights and processes to the next generation of cloud BI, advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities. 
Minimum Requirements:
 3+ years of experience managing BI projects and teams and, delivering projects and tasks in a fast-paced environment. 
Strong experience of developing and delivering data strategies, leading teams and projects.
 Very strong track record in data management and reporting 
Knowledge of and experience with the following tools/platforms preferred:
 Programming: SAS, SQL, Excel (Power User), Experience with R, Python is a plus.
 Good understanding of BI development life cycle 
Good communication skills and ability to influence business stakeholders. 
Excellent analytical and research skills. 
Strong BI skills/understanding of BI trends, tools and life cycle required 
Preferred Qualifications:
 Advanced Degree (MS or PhD) in a quantitative field is strongly preferred, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Economics. 
Previous retail electricity experience preferred 
Physical Requirements: 
Close visual acuity to perform activities such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading. 
Occasional overtime work may be required as projects require. 
Professional, fast paced, high intensity office environment.
 #LI-DL 
#CB-DL 
NRG Energy is committed to a drug and alcohol free workplace. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, employees are subject to periodic random drug testing, and post-accident and reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol testing. EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability 
EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf) 
 
Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills. 
Official description on file with Human Resources NRG Energy 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Manager jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at NRG in Houston, TX Business Intelligence Manager salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from NRG NRG 482 reviews At NRG, we’re bringing the power of energy to people and organizations by putting customers at the center of everything we do. We generat... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
