
 
 
 
 Research Fellow - Digital Health, Data Science and Artificial Intelligence - Cincinnati, OH 45229 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Fellow - Digital Health, Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Cincinnati Children's Hospital 819 reviews Cincinnati, OH 45229 Cincinnati Children's Hospital 819 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description 
 
 POSITION TITLE:  RESEARCH FELLOW-Data/Technology 
 
 DEPARTMENT:  Varies 
 
 SUPERVISOR'S TITLE:  Faculty 
 
 TITLES SUPERVISED:  Research Assistants; Data Analysts; Biostatisticians 
 
 TOTAL NUMBER OF FTE's DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY SUPERVISED:  0-4 
 
 PURPOSE OF POSITION:  We are looking for a talented post-doctoral researcher focused on Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning (ML), to join our data science lab in the Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition Division at Cincinnati Children's. The emphasis of our research program is to employ predictive analytics and deep approaches to study the clinical and biological determinants of outcomes in children. Candidates should anticipate developing computationally efficient and scalable algorithms, using clinical data from multiple modalities, primarily electronic Health Record (EHR) data. This a opportunity to contribute to decision tools, applied patient safety and health care quality improvement efforts. The position will be co-supervised by Dr Judith Dexheimer and Dr Jasbir Dhaliwal. We welcome applicants who enjoy working in a diverse collaborative team. 
 
 Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center  is a premier  pediatric research institution  with over 900 diverse and productive faculty members. Here, researchers work collaboratively across specialties and divisions to address some of the biggest challenges we face today in improving child health. A strong network of research support  services  and  facilities , along with institutional commitment to research, push our team of faculty, postdocs and support staff to explore the boundaries of what is possible, leading to  significant breakthroughs . We are driven by our mission to improve child health and transform the delivery of care through fully integrated, globally recognized research, education and innovation. 
 
Post-doctoral research fellows at Cincinnati Children's are valued for their unique interests and strengths, and are supported by our institution's  strong programming for post-docs  through the  Office of Postdoctoral Affairs  and the  Office of Academic Affairs and Career Development . Mentoring,  support for international students  and an emphasis on crafting high-quality grant proposals are only a few of the  features that set our program apart . Cincinnati Children's is a respected part of the broader, and very vibrant, Cincinnati community. With a thriving arts scene, numerous festivals celebrating music and food, a passionate fan following for our college and professional sports teams, and a variety of opportunities for outdoor activities,  our region is truly a great place to work and live . 
 
 REPRESENTATIVE RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Perform analysis and experiments 
Design, execute, and record analysis and experiments; apply standard scientific protocols to research, and improve current methods and evaluate innovative techniques. Develop and implement human subject research protocols, vertebrate animal research protocols and design experimental procedures and documentation in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Prepare, clean and analyze data. Maintain optimal protocol and accuracy by conducting regular quality and reproducibility checks. 
 
 Communicate results/findings 
Draft, write, and edit scientific reports, papers, journal articles, and abstracts. Present information on research and department work to others at department meetings, journal clubs, and seminars. Present results and discuss relevant insights with Faculty and provide useful recommendations and analysis. 
 
 Innovate and advance departmental capabilities 
Independently reproduce, evaluate, research, and improve techniques currently used. Adapt new methods to existing procedures and modify current analysis/experiments through scientific knowledge and intuition. Maintain accurate and detailed records of all analysis and experiments. Develop, set-up, and verify new procedures in the department. Standardize and establish new published procedures; evaluate innovative techniques. Develop new protocols; design formats. Maintain an integral role in the department's meetings, presentations, and publications. Troubleshoot and correct erroneous results or problems with department software/equipment. Maintain and repair software/equipment; monitor proper use by personnel. 
 
 Financial/Budgeting 
Assist in preparing grant applications. Assist in preparing, writing, and maintaining fiscal budget. Monitor expenditures and prepare capital expenditure requests. Prepare, approve, and initiate check requests; track funding, maintain accurate balance, and resolve any discrepancies. 
 
 Staff Leadership 
May provide day-to-day functional leadership for a team or directly manage a minimal number of support staff. Establishes team goals. Gives input into, and performs employee performance reviews. Oversees and guides work assignments. Serves as the functional expert and provides guidance to the team. 
 
 Education and Training 
May serve as course master and develop new courses at the undergraduate and graduate level, including appropriate plans for evaluating student performance; may deliver lectures as a guest lecturer in courses organized by other faculty. Assist in the training of new employees. Serve as a resource and/or mentor to coworkers. Assist in the development and presentation of department training. Identify training needs and provide necessary coaching.
 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE 
 
 Required: 
 
 Ph.D. in related discipline, MD, or equivalent degree 
 
Preferred:  Qualified candidates for the position have earned a PhD in biomedical informatics, computer science, artificial intelligence, computational linguistics or a closely related field. Research and work experience with Machine Learning and/or Deep Learning is a requirement, and Natural Language Processing (NLP) is preferred. The successful candidate will have excellent command of both written and oral English, strong programming skills, and familiarity with Linux + (Java or Python) + (R or Matlab) for programming. Experience of parallel computing (e.g., with GPU) and familiarity with clinical NLP are preferred. Candidates with first author peer reviewed journal publications are preferred. 
 
 Unique Skills: 
 
 Scientific Writing 
Strong scientific writing abilities 
 
 Programming - Basic 
Working knowledge of computer programming 
 
 Organization 
Strong organizational and project management skills to handle projects independently. 
 
 Time Management 
Prioritization and time-management skills sufficient to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment 
 
 Analysis 
Strong analytical skills with the ability to make judgments and recommendations based on statistical analysis 
 
 Statistics - Intermediate 
Familiarity with statistical software, statistical techniques, statistical process control principles, and graphical data display 
 
 Research Methods Skills 
Designing and conducting effective research studies that address measurement, data collection, and validity issues; identifying or developing appropriate, accurate, relevant, and reliable measurement methods; drawing appropriate conclusions from study results 
 
 Communication - Advanced 
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. Cincinnati Children's Hospital 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Fellow jobs in Cincinnati, OH Jobs at Cincinnati Children's Hospital in Cincinnati, OH Research Fellow salaries in Cincinnati, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cincinnati Children's Hospital Cincinnati Children's Hospital 819 reviews At Cincinnati Children’s, we come to work with one goal: to make children’s health better. We believe in a team approach, both in caring ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
