
 
 
 
 ML Audio Research Engineer - Sunnyvale, CA 94089 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ML Audio Research Engineer Facebook 631 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Facebook Reality Labs Audio Tech team brings together world-class experts to develop and ship groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. We have a clear mandate to ship products at scale. In particular, seemingly impossible products that define new categories that advance Facebook's mission of connecting the world. The team is focused on algorithm development and commercialization of real world products. 
Research and develop audio ML based audio enhancement algorithms for communications, and music enhancement with Deep learning and DSP methods in C/C++ and deep learning frameworks 
Prototype hybrid ML solutions with deep learning and signal processing techniques 
Validate and improve deep learning models to enable implementation of these ML/DNN models in low power real time embedded hardware 
Define, develop and debug real-time audio system software for forward looking products and user experiences 
Interface with Facebook AI Research, audio algorithm scientists, ML/AI engineers and other product teams on productizing research algorithms 
BS in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or equivalent relevant experience 
Understanding of ML, DSP and DNNs theory 
3+ years of experience with one or more deep learning/ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch or Keras 
3+ years of programming experience working with C/C++ 
Experience with a full product lifecycle from concept to deployment 
PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Applied Mathematics 
Experience developing audio signal processing algorithms such as noise suppression, acoustic echo cancellation, sound field classifications or machine learning algorithms 
Experience with real-time machine learning systems, training data augmentation and large dataset preparations 
Experience working with GPU, cloud systems, profiling/low-level optimizations, Cuda/CuDNN 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Audio Engineer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Facebook in Sunnyvale, CA Audio Engineer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
