
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Tenure track University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Department of Information Systems and Operations Management (ISOM) at the University of Florida is inviting applications for one tenure-track Assistant Professor position in the application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in FinTech starting August 2022. We are looking to identify individuals with outstanding potential for excellence in research in the application of AI in FinTech, including but not limited to the areas of platform business models, crowdfunding, and/or blockchain technologies. The new hire will teach courses in AI and Business Analytics in our current graduate programs. 
The successful applicant will join the University of Florida’s (UF) Artificial Intelligence (AI) Initiative (https://ai.ufl.edu) aimed at advancing UF to a national and world-wide leader in the application of AI. This initiative is supported by a $70 million initial investment and implementation of the most powerful AI supercomputer in higher education in the world, as well as the hiring of 100 new faculty members in a highly collaborative framework for inter-college collaboration. 
Our department currently offers undergraduate, master’s and Ph.D. programs in ISOM. Our master’s program is the largest graduate program in the Warrington College of Business. The faculty members in our department are well known researchers with interests in Information Systems, Operations Management, and the interface thereof. We encourage potential candidates to access the department web site at warrington.ufl.edu/isom to obtain more information about the research interests of our faculty as well as the programs we offer. 
AI@UF 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
At a minimum, candidates will be required to have a Ph.D. in Business, Computer Science, Economics, or related disciplines with demonstrated research in the application of AI in FinTech by August 2022. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
All applicants must submit an online application and the following uploaded: (a) a cover letter with a curriculum vita, (b) three letters of recommendation; (c) official transcripts; (d) one recent publication or working paper, and (e) teaching evaluations (if available). Only complete applications will be given further consideration. 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of "Issued to Student" is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#Category=68 
 
OPEN DATE 
Dec 15, 2020 
CLOSE DATE 
Apply by Nov 22, 2021 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
17070000 - BA-INFO SYS & OPERATIONS MGT University of Florida 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Assistant Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
