
 
 
 
 Visiting Research Engineer, Question Answering & Summarization (University Grad) - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visiting Research Engineer, Question Answering & Summarization (University Grad) Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Internship Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Facebook AI is seeking a Visiting Research Engineer to join our team. Question Answering (QA) technology aims to provide useful answers to user questions. This means connecting the right information to users when requested. Question answering is an interface for information retrieval where information needs are expressed as natural language queries (questions) and specific pieces of information are returned as an answer. As a part of developing technologies to answer questions, we are trying to advance our technology in question answering and summarization areas focusing on conversational domains. The effort around QnA over conversations is a complex research direction as conversations can be noisy, have a different structure than normal documents, and can involve multiple parties and speakers. In this role, you will be a key part of a team of talented researchers and engineers to build new datasets, baseline models using public benchmarks, and finally, advancing the models. You will gain valuable experience, publish papers, and help push forward question answering and summarization technologies. 
Develop models for question answering and summarization in collaboration with research scientists 
Develop and demonstrate the technology in collaboration with engineers 
Publish academic papers at top conferences 
Collaborate with a cross functional team 
Currently has or is in the process of obtaining a Masters level degree or higher in Natural Language Processing or related area 
Experience with deep learning models in Natural Language Processing 
Publications in Machine Learning, AI, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, data science, or related technical fields 
Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches 
Research and/or work experience in the fields of machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing 
Experience with PyTorch or equivalent 
Hands-on experience in C/C++, Python, Java or other related language 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment 
Research and software engineer experience demonstrated via grants, fellowships, internship, work experience, and/or coding competitions 
Research experience with Question Answering, Summarization, Language Generation and Conversational data 
Publications at peer-reviewed conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICLR, ACL, NAACL or similar) 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Engineer jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Research Engineer salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
