
 
 
 
 Research Scientist – DAT Machine Learning Applications - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist – DAT Machine Learning Applications Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Palo Alto, CA Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Palo Alto 
 Ford Motor Company 
 Product Development 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation.
 
 
Ford’s Research and Advanced Engineering team explores new vehicle and societal innovations that require some level of invention before they can be applied to our products and services. The team is building on a history of Ford innovation, including our invention of the three-way catalytic converter to modernize vehicle emissions controls in the 1970s and the world’s first rear inflatable seat belts in 2010.
 
 
Today, we are exploring and delivering ways to make smarter vehicles and our transportation system more efficient to improve people’s lives by helping them move more freely, safely and enjoyably. For example, we are changing how our products are made by creating high-quality vehicles in an environmentally and socially responsible way, including the use sustainable materials. Since 2000, we have used 12 industry and world-first plant-based materials in our production vehicles. We also are researching the possible use of tomato skin, bamboo, agave fiber, dandelion roots, algae and coffee chaff as part of our ambitious goal of making our vehicles with up of 20 percent sustainable material by 2025. 
 
At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom of upward mobility as you strive to realize your professional dreams. We’ve got incredible plans for our future – and your future, too! We’re working on some pretty amazing things, including autonomous and electric vehicles, AI/Machine Learning, data analytics, micro services, and cloud computing. Get ready to play an important role supporting our incredible advancements! 
 
What you’ll be able to do:
 We are a research lab within Ford that is investigating computing platforms, software & hardware architectures, sensors & strategies for fusing information from a variety of external & internal environmental sensors for next generation Controls and Automated Systems. 
Responsible for supporting computer vision and machine learning research and developmental efforts for Driver Assist Technology (DAT) applications ranging from partial automation to highly automated systems. 
Exceptionally creative, motivated and talented engineers with strong interdisciplinary backgrounds in science & engineering with solid programming skills. 
Collaborate extensively within Ford and with external partners, thus we require exceptional communication and collaborative skills. 
Develop Deep Generative Modeling (GANs, VAEs) and Neural Rendering based AI tools for photorealistic synthetic data generation and support the integration of such tools with Ford’s simulation and data augmentation toolchain to aid quick and inexpensive vehicle feature prototyping and validation 
Develop components of Ford’s simulation and data augmentation toolchain and its interface with Ford’s Control and Automated Systems algorithms for purposes of refining and proving out the algorithms through millions of diverse virtual miles driven 
Support development of immersive VR/AR simulation environments 
Develop, evaluate and compare deep learning algorithms for specific applications and tasks to improve performance, data collection, training, and suitability for embedded applications 
Design, prototype, and evaluate effective and efficient sensor feature detection, tracking, mapping and localization algorithms and systems, including computer vision algorithms 
Design, prototype, train and evaluate various machine learning methods for use in detection, classification and regression tasks, significantly improving performance or reducing cost 
Participate in technical discussions and in the creation of new ideas for automotive applications within the existing autonomous vehicle research team 
Maintain close contact to the scientific and industrial community in high performance computer, machine learning and perform scouting and assessment of new approaches 
Publish technical reports, papers and/or pursue Intellectual Property rights 
Work closely and effectively with external partners – corporations, universities and automotive suppliers. 
The minimum requirements we seek:
 Bachelor’s degree 
3+ months of Deep Learning or Machine Learning experience 
3+ months of software development experience 
Our preferred requirements:
 Master’s degree or PhD 
Demonstrated ability to carry out independent research and lead projects 
Demonstrated ability of rapid prototyping of new ideas 
Experience in computer graphics, and/or numerical optimization 
Experience in algorithms such as motion control, image processing, simultaneous localization and mapping, geospatial location, rendering 3D data etc. 
Knowledge of 3D co-ordinate frames and transformations, vector mathematics, matrix algebra, probabilistic inference and modeling, etc. 
Experience in multiple computer hardware, operating systems and tools, e.g., embedded microcontrollers, GPUs; Windows, UNIX, Linux; git, Make, subversion, glibc, gcc, bash, CUDA, etc. 
Familiarity with existing deep learning libraries (e.g. PyTorch, Tensorflow etc.) 
Experience with sensing systems such as cameras, radar, lidar, GPS, IMUs, etc. 
1+ years of GPU, GP-GPU, Parallel programming tools and language extensions etc. 
Strong problem formulation and problem-solving skills 
Possess strong oral and written language skills 
Present results for internal management and at external venues such as conferences 
What you’ll receive in return: 
As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
 
If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us. 
 
Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 
For information on Ford’s benefits and compensation, click here: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-4.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 51322BR 
 State 
 California
 Skill Team 
 Research & Advanced Engineering (R&A)
 Sub-Component 
 Research & Advanced Engrg Ford Motor Company 9 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Palo Alto, CA Research Scientist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
