
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Pison Boston, MA Pison is creating the next generation of neural interfaces that focus on gesture recognition and neurophysiological insights. Pison leverages our patented electroneurography (ENG) platform to translate data generated from our body's natural physiological electricity stemming at the brain into machine interpretable events in software. This allows for never before seen intuitive control of any experience in the IoT universe and discovery of neurological correlations drawn from our proprietary AI and data sets. Pison's government, Department of Defense and Fortune 100 customers have a deep pipeline of pending projects fueling our growth. Pison's long term vision is to own the platform which translates human intention to machine-readable code. 
 
We are looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to join our growing team and bring their knowledge and expertise to the team. You will work side by side with the Algorithm and Research teams to develop robust, production-level Machine Learning codes and libraries for R&D efforts. We are looking for a seasoned engineer who can build and contribute to our growth and success. 
 
***Due to the nature of our work with the United States government, candidates must be US citizens.*** 
 
This position is located in our Boston, MA office. For the safety of our employees, we are currently working remotely and will return to the office in a hybrid fashion in September. 
 
The Role: 
 
 Develop production-level ML libraries and algorithms for gesture classifications for our current device and future products. 
 Help architect, design, and build ML software tools used by the ALGO team. 
 Mentor junior-level scientists and engineers, focusing on software engineering skills and practices. 
 Review the code developed by other members on the team - providing feedback and insight to peers. 
 Contribute to the ALGO team's model research effort. 
 
 About You: 
 
 BS degree in CS or related fields with industrial experience. 
 Fluent in Python. 
 Good knowledge and experience with Asyncio, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Tornado or other Python web frameworks. 
 Knowledgeable and experienced with Cython, numeric code optimization, complexity analysis, and multi-processing in Python
 Experience with Git, Google Compute Cloud, and Docker. 
 Self-starter and comfortable working autonomously. 
 Excited to mentor and help junior engineers grow. 
 
 Bonus: 
 
 Experience with GUI development in Python. 
 PyQt is preferred, but experience with other frameworks will be good. 
 
 We understand that candidates can feel discouraged if they do not tick every box. We encourage you to apply. Pison is building a diverse team with people from all backgrounds who can help us build an inclusive organization. Pison 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Pison in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pison Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
