
 
 
 
 Senior Director of Digital Architecture - Plano, TX 75023 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director of Digital Architecture Toyota 8,340 reviews Plano, TX 75023 Toyota 8,340 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who We Are 
Collaborative. Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world's most admired brands, Toyota is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We're looking for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow. with us.
 Who We're Looking For 
Toyota Motors North America's (TMNA) Information Technology Department is looking for a Sr. Director of Digital Architecture within the CTO organization to support the evolution of its complex software platform that enables our mobility solutions.
 This role will be responsible for overseeing systems development, systems analysis, production support, and programming of our platforms. 
Reporting to the Enterprise Deputy Chief Technology Officer, this leader will help provide strategic digital architecture leadership and direction for information technology and lead the technology portfolio management/rationalization process throughout TMNA. 
This role will be critical to the department's efforts to recast its relationship with business functions from a technology provider to a business partner capable of innovating business practices through the delivery of technology services. Candidates for this position must be highly motivated, make data-driven decisions, and have strong management and interpersonal skills.
 This person will interact with diverse individuals, including business stakeholders and IT leadership teams across the global Toyota ecosystem. 
The ideal candidate is someone who understands both Agile-based Software Development, DevSecOps, and Cloud Architecture (particularly AWS with IaaS/PaaS, Cloud Native, Containers, Kubernetes, etc.), understands machine learning pipelines, and ideally has overseen production deployment of ML/AI and has managed global teams with a total team size of 100+ employees (plus additional support from vendors in various locations). 
What You'll Be Doing
 Lead & guide a team of highly advanced technical architects to create a complex software platform. 
 Work with senior leadership as a representative of Digital in other technical business areas within TMNA in architectural decision-making. 
 Understand the "big picture" and guide your team to defining architectural solutions that solve the business needs. 
 Understand and implement appropriate processes to support the architecture team and the organization and business needs. 
 Work with senior management on strategy and direction. 
 Participate in high-level architectural discussions. 
 Lead Proofs-Of-Concept and Spike Solutions, and provide “Reference Architectures” and “Baseline Implementations” when appropriate. 
 Provide architectural leadership in the identification of technology partnerships. 
 Provide guidance, direction, and mentorship to Lead Architects. 
 Guide developers and other stakeholders to design server applications, encompassing APIs and micro-services, containers, databases, cloud infrastructures, cloud services, etc. 
 Ensure all non-functional Requirements (e.g., performance, availability and fail-over, scalability, security, etc.) are properly articulated and work with all parties to guarantee that the delivered software products meet these objectives. 
 Drive buy vs. build evaluations, including consideration of OSS. 
 Participates in high-level estimation. 
What You Bring
 Bachelor's degree in computer science, a closely related discipline, or an equivalent combination of formal education and experience. 
 Extensive years of experience as a software developer/architect. Experience leading technical architecture initiatives that impact many value streams (e.g., multiple Agile/SAFe Release Trains). 
 Experience and proficiency with modern languages, frameworks, and technologies such as Java, Python, Node.js, messaging queuing infrastructures, as well as AWS or GCP cloud infrastructure and services. 
 Expert in the design and development of complex systems; employs a disciplined and rigorous approach. 
 Substantial experience with requirements analysis, estimation, systems, and application design, and testing. 
 Expert with popular Design Patterns catalogues. 
 Expert in distributed computing architectures, including race conditions, parallelism, and concurrency control. 
 Recognized leader with technical teams, broad technical knowledge, and expert in multiple technical subjects. 
 Experience designing RESTful APIs that facilitate a superior UX or simplify systems integration. 
 Experience with RDBMS and/or NoSQL databases. Understands the benefits and trade-offs of both. Familiar with normalization and denormalization, sharding, and other data-centric patterns. 
 Excellent collaboration, influencing, evangelization, negotiation, coaching, mentoring, and coalition-building skills. Ability to work with persons at all levels, from the most junior to SVP levels, in all job functions (e.g., product, UX, developers, QA, DevOps). 
 Excellent verbal and written communication. 
 Ability to manage multiple competing priorities with minimal supervision. Self-directed. 
 A great team player with demonstrable experience delivering superior software products via agile methodologies. 
 Experience on an Agile Team. 
Added Bonus If You Have
 Experience with micro-services. 
 Experience architecting solutions for AWS or Google clouds. 
 Experience with distributed caching solutions; understands the factors that enable effective caching. 
 Exposure to Big-Data and/or Machine Learning. 
 Exposure to CI/CD and DevOps. 
 Experience with SAFe Software Development Principles. 
What We'll Bring 
During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include: A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility, and respect 
 Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement 
 Vehicle purchase & lease programs
 
 Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family 
 Flextime and virtual work options (if applicable) 
 Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute 
 Paid holidays and paid time off 
 Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, childcare, schools, and more 
 Flexible spending accounts 
 Relocation assistance (if applicable) 
Belonging At Toyota
 Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. Respect for all is our North Star. Toyota is proud to have 10+ different Business Partnering Groups across 100 different North American chapter locations that support team members' efforts to dream, do and grow without questioning that they belong. As a company that has been one of DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity and a member of The Billion Dollar Roundtable supporting minority and woman-owned suppliers for over 10 years, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. 
Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics. 
Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com. 
 
To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time. Toyota 8 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Toyota in Plano, TX Senior Director salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Toyota 8,340 reviews Come challenge what's possible with us.

We believe that when good ideas are shared, great things can happen. That's what led us to gre... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
