
 
 
 
 Visual Content Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visual Content Manager Facebook 631 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is looking for an experienced visual content manager to elevate our visual storytelling about a variety of tech innovations. You’ll be part of Facebook’s Technology Communications Editorial Team, which manages a bundle of digital content channels focused on AR/VR, artificial intelligence, engineering, and other aspects of tech innovation, that collectively reach nearly 18 million people every month. We’re passionate storytellers — a mix of trained journalists, video producers, and marketers. We’re all about packaging ideas that help explain Facebook’s technology innovation work to both broad tech-informed and super specific technical audiences. 
 
The ideal candidate should have a diverse visual portfolio of content that showcases your experience expressing complicated topics in an accessible, useful way. You’ll need to bring brand narratives to life visually, deftly keep a mix of deliverables on track, and, sometimes, design and build visual elements like infographics. You’ll need to work collaboratively with many partners, including executives, and consistently deliver high-quality work under sometimes tight deadlines. Exceptional organizational skills are critical. Passion for emerging media, immersive technologies and content innovation is fundamental.
 
 
The core functions of this role are:Creative strategist: Much of your role will be conceptual and strategic. You’ll be tasked with identifying and recommending how our tech innovation stories should be expressed visually across multiple channels. The deliverables could include stock and original photography, infographics, illustrations, social-only animations, and other formats. You’ll work closely with editors, video leads, creative team, and others, and will be responsible for maintaining a high bar for our visuals. You’ll also own the evaluation of our visual storytelling, and share actionable insights. 
Project manager: You’ll manage the visual story development process from concept to publication to distribution. You’ll manage everything from simple charts and infographics to elaborate animations, interactives, and photo selection. You’ll make sure our content has great visuals that clearly convey what a particular project is and why it’s noteworthy. This will often include technical, complex material aimed at an audience of AI researchers or engineers, but you’ll also need to find ways to tell these stories in a visually engaging way to have broader resonance. To do this, you’ll track projects’ progress, prioritize requests, navigate many stakeholders and reviewers, and find ways to unblock issues and get things done on schedule. 
Graphic designer: You’ll occasionally create and modify assets such as charts, graphs, animated flowcharts, photography, and more, often at the speed of news. 
Lead visual storytelling for tech innovation content channels, but primarily the Facebook AI blog, which publishes about 2-4 pieces of content every week. This means ensuring that the blog and social visuals are compelling, accurate, and effective. 
Define the visual content strategy for Facebook’s tech innovation content channels. 
Work effectively with diverse stakeholders–including the Editorial Team, researchers, engineers, communications and creative department partners. It’s critical that you work seamlessly with the Editorial Team’s video leads to bring Facebook’s tech innovation story to life visually. 
Keep visuals production moving forward smoothly, from planning to executing to approvals, from publication to distribution. Anticipate and unblock issues. Make sure we have the right assets in the right formats (homepage, Twitter and FB posts, desktop and mobile). 
Create and modify static and animated graphics as needed. In some cases, you will be a “one-person band” who not only develops the visuals plan for a project but also executes it–designing infographics, for example. 
Gather and share insights about both our visual story development process and the impact of our work. 
Ensure that visual brand standards remain consistent. 
5+ years of experience leading production of visual content – including infographics and social-only content 
Bachelor’s degree in Design, Art, Journalism, Communications, or a relevant field, or equivalent experience 
Project management experience leading multiple visual projects in a deadline driven, cross-functional environment, with editors, graphic designers, video producers, and other communications professionals 
Experience creating and packaging visual story ideas that align with news cycles 
Experience distilling technical concepts into visual content for targeted audiences 
Experience leading short-form visual storytelling that includes static and animated graphics 
Experience managing editorial calendars 
Experience at a traditional media company, branded content studio, or technology company 
Experience developing visual story ideas in a crowded content marketplace 
Experience identifying and mitigating risk from stakeholders 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 23 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Visual Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Visual Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
