
 
 
 
 Senior Frontend Engineer - London, UK Or Remote - London, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Frontend Engineer - London, UK Or Remote Lenses.io London, OR Remote London, UK and/or Remote
 Who we are? 
At Lenses.io we are on a mission to democratize streaming data, helping businesses to operate in real-time. 
Our technology allows organizations to practice DataOps, a new way of consuming, processing and moving data. Our product makes working with cutting-edge open-source technologies more accessible to users and operationalizes them for enterprises. Our customers, who range from household names like Daimler-Benz and Adidas to cloud-native startups, use Lenses to help run their strategic streaming and software applications: think IoT, fraud-detection AI engines and cutting-edge consumer-facing microservices. 
Looking to make a difference? 
Are you someone that gets excited about building things? Keen to see your ideas and knowledge shine asthey directly impact our product? This is your moment to join a high-growth tech startup on the first floor. 
We are now building out our Sales Engineering for the next growth phase. As a Sales Engineer, you will beour technical champion in both pre- and post-sales phases. Using your close customer relationships anddeep know-how of the value Lenses brings, you will connect the feedback loop to help drive the Lensesproduct roadmap. 
We are proud of our engineering culture at Lenses.io. During a steep growth period, we have a consistentand opinionated set of best practices that are helping us to scale newly minted technologies like ApacheKafka into enterprise-ready software. Are you ready to work with Kafka, Kubernetes, Streaming SQL, andother modern technologies on-prem and across clouds? 
If the answer is ‘yes’ – and you are curious, open-minded, hungry, and eager to learn then Lenses.io is the place for you! 
What your day-to-day looks like: 
Lead technical engagements where we prove the potential of Lenses through discovery, demos, and POCs 
Become a trusted advisor for our customers offering best-practices, recommendations, and tips 
Be a key player in scaling our US business, working closely with sales, marketing, & engineering teams 
Engage with our customer base and in our vibrant community 
Be one of our evangelists in the US for Lenses.io and DataOps with customers, and through engaging content 
What you will bring: 
Selling into engineering or operations teams in large organizations with a go-getter attitude 
Ability to present strong technical arguments and best practices bringing inspiration to customers 
Good knowledge of streaming or messaging systems such as Apache Kafka, Rabbit MQ, JMS, as well as Linux operating systems and first principles 
Aptitude in system administration and cloud services and some experience working in data analytics 
Strong emotional intelligence helping product/tech teams to navigate a customer's challenges 
Business acumen, strong critical thinking, and root-cause analysis as well as strong written and oral skills 
Working with integrity, proactively follow new trends and technologies in the data analytics and engineering markets 
Experience in building, running, or architecting distributed technologies and/or selling DevOps tooling is a bonus 
Being Part of the Lenses.io team: 
You will be exposed to the front-line of streaming technology applied in the global industry. This will give you unique insights that are immensely valuable and rare 
You will join our International team with Lensiors spanning 8 countries and Offices in London, Athens,and New York. We have a distributed and remote-friendly culture to cover the full spectrum of workingfrom a modern office to fully remote. (We are currently operating in full remote mode) 
We compete on the world stage and so will you. We aim for the top and we offer a competitive salary,options and strong benefits. 
Some of our Benefits 
An awesome, open, and vibrant start-up environment 
Play a significant role in the development of the company and attain the opportunity for rapid career progression and personal growth 
Flexible working hours 
Choose your own equipment 
Generous holiday allowance 
An opportunity to work with exceptional, professional people at the forefront of their fields 
 
Be you! 
Lenses.io is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We celebrate difference, support it, and thrive on a diverse team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs and experiences. The more inclusive we are, the better we are, and our work will be. 
If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation at any point through the interview process, please do not hesitate to let us know. 
We’d love to hear from you!
 
careers@lenses.io Lenses.io 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in London, OR Jobs at Lenses.io in London, OR Senior Engineer salaries in London, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenses.io Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
