
 
 
 
 Principal Application Scientist - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Application Scientist Kebotix Cambridge, MA Kebotix is a technology company leading the materials industry towards the age of high-speed innovation using artificial intelligence and robotic automation. Our technology is centered around smart algorithms that allow for discoveries of new materials that solve the problems around us. 
We are looking for a dedicated Principal Application Scientist to research and apply cutting-edge data science and computational techniques to our customers' problem statements. The candidate will be exposed to an extremely diverse set of problems across a wide array of industries and will work closely with Business Development, Product Development, Marketing in a passionate interdisciplinary team of materials and data scientists. 
 
You will own integral parts throughout the customer journey. This includes defining customer solutions and project proposals, overseeing successful execution to drive customer success, and establishing deeper relationships with the R&D team of our customers. As a successful candidate, you are a fast-paced learner who quickly gets up to speed in different applications and consistently comes up with new ideas and backup plans. You are a creative client-focused problem solver with a demonstrated track record of defining and leading research projects. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Translate our customer's problem statements into materials informatics solutions in a consultative sales process. 
 Develop and own technical project plans for statements of work (SoW) that address unique customer problems. 
 Develop technical timelines for Technology Team execution to meet customer deadlines; coordinate and prepare for regular customer presentations and communication of project progress. 
 Research the up-to-date and cutting-edge approaches to the unique problem sets in academic and industrial journals and work with business development to build customized solutions for clients. 
 Demonstrate how Kebotix customers can expect to advance from initial pilot engagements to complete solutions with advanced workflow configuration and data collection methodologies. 
 Suggest new approaches based on results achieved throughout the project(s) and support Marketing with technical content for case studies, white papers, etc. 
 
 Skills and Qualification 
 
 Ph.D. in material science, chemistry, physics, or related fields. 
 Proven track record, demonstrated by publications or work experience in R&D organizations, in one or more of the following fields: machine learning, computational & theoretical chemistry, polymer science (theoretical or experimental), drug discovery (theoretical or experimental), small molecule synthesis, or formulation chemistry. 
 Experience either in grant writing, defining project plans for external/internal stakeholders, or project management for materials R&D programs. 
 Ability to design and develop technical concepts that bridge materials science and chemistry, artificial intelligence and drive business value. 
 Excellent interpersonal, presentation, and general communication skills with R&D Management, Scientists - decision makers and influencers. 
We offer an excellent career opportunity and an exciting working environment. With an entrepreneurial spirit and a dynamic friendly environment, we strive to ensure that the success of our company brings both professional and financial rewards to all of our employees. We look forward to receiving your application! 
 
Kebotix is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to no discrimination because of race, color, creed, marital status, age, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, disability, protected veteran, or any other legally protected characteristic. Kebotix 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Kebotix in Cambridge, MA Principal Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kebotix Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
