
 
 
 
 Laborer - Dahlgren, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Laborer AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 15 reviews Dahlgren, VA Full-time AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 15 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Thank you for your interest in AI Signal Research, Inc. (ASRI). ASRI accepts applications for employment for current career opportunities only. 
 
 AI Signal Research, Inc. (ASRI) is recruiting for the Potomac River Test Range (PRTR) contract in support of the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division's non-explosive open air and indoor test, evaluation, and experimentation for the Test and Evaluation Division (E40) within the Gun and Electric Weapons Department. 
 
 Education: :  High School Diploma or GED. 
 
 Months/Years of Experience: :  No specialized skill or prior work experience. 
 
 Required Qualifications:  :  U.S. Citizen. Security Clearance Required. 
 
 Duties:  Loads and unloads trucks, and other conveyances, moves supplies and materials to proper location by wheelbarrow or hand truck: stacks materials for storage or binning, collects refuse and salvageable materials, and digs, fills, and tamps earth excavations. The Laborer levels ground using pick, shovel, tamper and rake, shovels concrete and snow; cleans culverts and ditches, cuts tree and brush; operates power lawnmovers, moves and arranges heavy pieces of office and household furniture, equipment, and appliance, moves heavy pieces of automotive, medical engineering, and other types of machinery and equipment, spreads sand and salt on icy roads and walkways, and picks up leaves and trash. 
ASRI offers the following Benefits package: 
 401K Plan 
 Medical and Dental Insurance 
 Private Medical Clinic (Huntsville, AL ONLY) 
 Life Insurance 
 Disability Income 
 Educational Assistance 
 Direct Deposit 
 Cafeteria Plan 
 Vision 
 
 
 Drug Free Workplace.:  Adherence to ASRI policy on drugs and alcohol is a condition of employment for all employees. 
 
AI Signal Research, Inc. (ASRI) wants all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities. If you are an applicant with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please contact us by calling (in the U.S.)  1-256-551-0008 x29 . Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  This option is reserved only for individuals with disabilities who are unable to use our online tools and is not intended for any other purpose: . 
 
ASRI is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer-Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Laborer jobs in Dahlgren, VA Jobs at AI Signal Research in Dahlgren, VA Laborer salaries in Dahlgren, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 15 reviews AI Signal Research (ASRI) provides leading edge products and services to the aerospace, defense and high-technology commercial industries... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
