
 
 
 
 Extruder Operator - Bremen, IN 46506 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Extruder Operator Southwire 554 reviews Bremen, IN 46506 Up to $30 an hour  -   Full-time Southwire 554 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary Up to $30 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description A leader in technology and innovation, Southwire Company, LLC is one of North America’s largest wire and cable producers. Southwire and its subsidiaries manufacture building wire and cable, metal-clad cable, portable and electronic cord products, OEM wire products and engineered products. In addition, Southwire supplies assembled products, contractor equipment and hand tools. We are proud to offer competitive compensation, employee benefits, tuition reimbursement, and unlimited growth opportunities. Our nearly seven decades of progressive growth can be attributed to our determination to developing innovative systems and solutions, exercising environmental stewardship and enhancing the wellbeing of our communities. How will you power what’s possible? 
Job Description 
 Shift: 3rd (5pm - 5am) Rotating Swing Shift) 
Starting Pay Rate: Up to $30.00 depending on skills and experience 
$1500 Sign On Bonus 
The Operator, Extruder is a high skill role that will set up and operate extrusion lines and related equipment, including nylon extruders, pay-offs and take-ups. 
Why Will You Love It? 
Competitive compensation with opportunities for overtime 
Enjoy some of the best benefits around: Health, Dental & Vision Insurance, 401K Matching, Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays and more. 
Receive the training you need to succeed with opportunities to advance your career through ongoing skills development. 
Work in a clean, well-lit, innovative, high-tech environment with robotics, AI and more. 
Feel protected with leading health and safety protocols. 
What Will You Do? 
Work under supervision and maintain ongoing communication with the supervisor and peers through verbal instruction and reports. 
Set setup of extrusion line and related equipment with correct tip and die and correct wire size. 
Maintain correct wire size, insulation thickness and concentricity. 
Application of correct print of acceptable quality on cable. 
Observe Southwire safety rules, maintain good housekeeping and perform all other duties as assigned. 
Use proper compound and correct amounts of color concentrate. 
Keep wire and compound loss at a minimum during start-up and changeovers. 
Correct inventory of WIP tags daily. 
Place scrap into the designated scrap bins. 
What Do You Need? 
Dedication, motivation and curiosity to learn 
A high school diploma or equivalent 
Must be able to stand and lift heavy loads for long periods of time 
Must be able to read and comprehend production orders and the instrumentation on complex equipment. 
Basic math skills (adding, subtracting, etc..) 
Judgments concerning operation of extrusion line and related equipment are encountered. 
Ability to work in an environment with exposure to heat and/or cold conditions, varying levels of noise, and potential exposure to industrial liquids like oils and gases 
Flexibility to work a rotating schedule, sometimes including weekends, holidays and covering shifts for overtime 
Experience in a manufacturing environment. At least 3 - 5 years is preferred. 
Benefits We Offer: 
401k Matching 
Family and Individual Insurance Packages (Health, Life, Dental, and Vision) 
Paid Time Off & Paid Holidays 
Long & Short-Term Disability 
Identity Theft Plans 
Retirement & Pension Plans 
Employee Assistance Program 
Employee Referral Program 
Tuition Reimbursement Programs 
Advancement & Professional Growth opportunities 
Parental Leave 
& More 
Southwire is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. SOUTHWIRE 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Extrusion Operator jobs in Bremen, IN Jobs at Southwire in Bremen, IN Extrusion Operator salaries in Bremen, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Southwire Southwire 554 reviews A leader in technology and innovation, Southwire is one of North America’s largest wire and cable producers. Southwire and our subsidiari... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
