
 
 
 
 AI/ML Annotation Program Manager - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Annotation Program Manager Apple 10,409 reviews Austin, TX Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 5 days ago Apple 10,409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jul 7, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200243496 
Imagine the contributions you can make at Apple. New insights have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Passion and dedication are the keys to the accomplishments you can make here.
We are seeking an experienced program manager to join the AI/ML Annotation Operations group. Our team directly contributes to the development of AI/ML speech algorithms across most of Appleʼs products, specifically in regards to Siri. In this role, you will drive critical program projects that provide data at scale for engineering teams to build robust Siri features for millions of customers worldwide. You will develop various program elements, create and manage project plans, recruit participants internally and partner with various operations stakeholders.
Location can be Austin, TX or San Diego, CA. 
Key Qualifications 
3-5 years of project/program management experience, preferably in mid-to-large scale operations 
Highly analytical, quantitative, and data driven decision making skills 
Strong interpersonal and presentation skills, including ability to work in a self-directed environment 
High degree of resourcefulness, flexibility, creative decision-making, and technical problem-solving abilities 
Experience using Siri or other voice assistant 
Having experience in operational projects in multiple international locations a plus 
Having past experience working with high volume production operations is a plus 
Description 
As a Program Manager supporting the AI/ML Annotation Operations organization you will engage with policy DRI’s to define project deliverables and ownership. Manage resource plan including leadership and analyst headcount, partnering with recruiting, capacity and finance to align targets and goals across portfolio. Draft and implement program policies related to performance and people management. Effectively communicate program status / metrics and insights to management on a regular basis including support of QBR’s and performance reviews. Partner with data engineering to ensure data accuracy and timeliness of data. Manage support for project approvals, prioritization and flag outliers for leadership. Coordinate regional program rollout and execution (platform changes, budget, training, metrics).
Successful program managers are highly organized, highly analytical, independent, able to make decisions based on data driven insights, and ready to dig into the details and get the job done despite practical or technical hurdles. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelors/Masters in Engineering or Business or equivalent program/product management experience Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Apple in Austin, TX Program Manager salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,409 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
