
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Software Engineer, Information Intelligence - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Software Engineer, Information Intelligence Apple 10,409 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Jul 14, 2021 
Role Number: 200220083 
Do you want to make Siri and Apple products smarter for our users? The AI/ML Information Intelligence teams are building groundbreaking technology for algorithmic search, machine learning, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence.
We are hiring software engineers who share our passion for improving Siri's search intent and making it the best virtual assist in the market. Interested? Come join our team!
You can be a part of the next revolution in human-computer interaction. As a member of this dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to shape upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s users every day. We build groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence, machine learning and human-computer interaction. Help us craft a smarter, more intuitive way to use your iPhone in your daily life, interact with content on AppleTV, and help people with disabilities access technology. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. Join the AI/ML Information Intelligence team at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Practical knowledge of common data structures and algorithms. 
Understanding of high-level network protocols (HTTPS, protobuf, JSON). 
Understanding of distributed computing (load balancing, RPC, Map/Reduce, databases) 
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes. 
An appreciation for good API design. 
Ability to write correct, clear, and understandable code. 
Ability to learn new technologies quickly. 
Excellent communication and teamwork skills 
Description 
You will work in a multi-functional team which is developing software to run innovative machine learning systems in the cloud and on device. You are passionate about implementing performant ML based algorithms in a distributed system and keep up to date with best practices and new technologies. You will also work closely with ML engineers to ensure their algorithms can be deployed efficiently on device and in the cloud. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science or equivalent field Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,409 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
