
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Solution Architect - Houston, TX 77070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Solution Architect Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,824 reviews Houston, TX 77070 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,824 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) advances the way people live and work. We bring together curious minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers make their mark on the world. 
At Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), we bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions that advance the way people live and work. Our legacy inspires us as we forge ahead, focused and dedicated to helping our customers make their mark on the world. What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment to partner, innovate, and act. If solving the world’s biggest technology challenges sounds like the right career path for you, read on. 
We’re looking for an Artificial Intelligence (AI) Solution Architect! 
The AI & Big Data practice helps our customers accelerate innovation and unlock insights through data platform modernizations and use of artificial intelligence technologies. 
The AI Solution Architect is responsible for building and customizing AI services offerings into sales proposals that address our customer’s business problems. The AI Solution Architect has knowledge and hands-on experience of architectural frameworks, methodologies, and tools and understands how to apply AI solutions to successfully deliver customer projects. 
The AI Solution Architect also works closely with Sales teams to integrate proposals for AI services, along with third-party software components, into larger proposals involving HPE hardware to provide end-to-end customer solutions. 
The following business application focus is required: 
AI & data engineering background with experience implementing AI solutions 
Ability to participate in sales workshops to gather requirements and map solutions to business needs 
Ability to lead AI sales pursuit opportunities - define, design and propose AI solutions to customers 
High Performance Computing (HPC) experience preferred 
Responsibilities 
Recognized as an authority within the company in a specific solution domain. Applies market intelligence and thought leadership to translate the functional view into a technical view, enhance proposed solutions, and drives opportunity/ demand generation for solution area(s) 
Participates in deep-dive discussions and establishes the company as a trusted solution partner by engaging with executive level customers to showcase solutions designed to combat business challenges while meeting financial metrics and demonstrating customer growth opportunities. 
Drives collaboration among internal account teams and engages the full portfolio of partners to build effective solution strategies for customer's technical and business challenges that improve the company's share of wallet. 
Recommends solutions that maximize customer profitability, and able to articulate impacts on governance, business processes, and/or security. 
Contributes to the industry for specific domain with an active presence in conferences, social media, business events, etc. Monitors the changing competitive landscape and determines potential implications for customer environments. Demonstrates the company's value proposition with a full suite of offerings and global support coverage. 
Guides new solution architects by defining conceptual designs, detailed technical depictions, and degree of customization required which are essential for solution development. 
Qualifications: 
Education and Experience 
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or from technical university. 
Master's or advanced degree in technology preferred. 
10+ years of experience in technology industry with focus on technical consulting and solution selling. 
Technical Skills – Some Combination of the Following: 
Hands-on Technical skills with AI & Big Data solutions 
Data engineering expertise 
Data science expertise 
Data integration, pipelines, stream processing 
Large scale and low latency solution design 
Modern methodologies and operating models 
MLOps, DataOps, DevOps, SecOps 
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning tools and software 
Hadoop / Big Data 
Data modeling and data platforms 
Hybrid cloud and edge solutions 
Containers, and container orchestration technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, Singularity, etc.) 
Spark, Kafka, SQL and NoSQL 
Cloud native application development, CI/CD, microservices, and underlying technologies 
Object Storage, Time Series, Video and Image data 
GPU and HPC knowledge and skills 
Consulting Skills 
Consulting skills and experience 
Ability to lead and scale teams 
Business acumen 
Thought leadership, market knowledge, and innovative mindset 
Project and engagement leadership 
Business development activities for large, complex opportunities 
Qualify and close large, complex opportunities 
Help prepare proposals and bids for large, complex opportunities 
Communication Skills 
Able to design and present high-impact messages to customer's senior level management. 
Able to use a wide variety of presentation tools to persuasively communicate complex messages to multiple audience levels, including senior level management. 
Ability to use prepared and create complete original materials to communicate with the customer. Communicates a mix of Strategic information and Tactical information. 
Excellent speaking and writing skills. 
What we can offer you: 
Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and shared values/ purpose, make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers. At HPE our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexibility/ work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth. 
If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers. 
Join us and make your mark! 
Find out more about us and follow us on: 
https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers 
https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers 
HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. 
1086407 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Hewlett Packard Enterprise in Houston, TX Software Architect salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise 4,824 reviews Hewlett Packard Enterprise advances the way people live and work. 

What sets us apart? Our people. Our people’s relentless commitment ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
