
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Los Altos, CA 94022 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Introduction 
Alto Neuroscience is a private company headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area. Alto is developing a new generation of neural biomarker-based diagnostic tests and personalized treatments for use in mental health, based on a platform built from data aggregated at scale and cutting-edge artificial intelligence analysis tools. The team combines world-leading neuroscientists and business executives with experience commercializing products for the brain. 
Job Description 
We are looking for a motivated Data scientist who is passionate about mental health. This person will work closely with a growing inter-disciplinary team of Physicians, Research scientists and Software developers to challenge the status quo and transform mental health via intelligent use of Artificial intelligence techniques. This position will oversee and perform analysis of large-scale multi-dimensional, multi-variate healthcare data. Specifically, this work will include the design and analysis of data to generate actionable patient insights that will aid in personalized treatment for mental health disorders. 
Roles and Responsibilities 
Prepare Data and Data pipelines for model development 
Develop novel approaches for exploration, analysis and feature selection from large-scale multidimensional data that include genetics, neurophysiological data, clinical/patient data 
Build, train, test and deploy machine learning models 
Develop visualization tools to interpret and communicate results 
Work closely with software developers to integrate models into software products 
Document code, results and details of the approaches in a thorough and systematic way in order to promote knowledge sharing and code re-use 
Collaborate with other data scientists, SMEs to ideate and solve complex issues pertinent to data ingestion/curation, model performance, model generalization. 
Skills and Qualifications 
Master or PhD degree in Engineering, Neuroscience, Bioinformatics, or other quantitative fields with strong analysis and programming experience. 
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms 
Experience with common data science toolkits and libraries, such as scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Matlab, etc. 
Programming languages: Python 
Working knowledge of Linux OS, SQL 
2+ years of Python programming and product development experience 
2+ years of machine learning experience using real-world data 
Great verbal and written skills 
Be a team player while being able to work independently 
Knowledge of genomic data science is a plus 
Knowledge of application of deep learning to real-world data is a plus Alto Neuroscience, Inc. 8 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Alto Neuroscience in Los Altos, CA Data Scientist salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Alto Neuroscience, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
