
 
 
 
 Staff AI Scientist - Neuroscience - Princeton, NJ 08540 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff AI Scientist - Neuroscience Siemens Healthineers 202 reviews Princeton, NJ 08540 Full-time Siemens Healthineers 202 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Now’s our time to inspire the future of healthcare together. 
Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company with over 170 years of experience and 18,000 patents. More than 48,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. We stand with our customers around the world to support them in delivering high quality care to their patients. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services. This is what truly matters to us. 
Join our team now at Siemens Healthineers as a  Staff AI Scientist  in the Neuro AI research group at our research center in Princeton, USA. 
As a  Staff AI Scientist in the Neuro AI  - you will be part of the Digital Technology and Innovation Center, the central hub for R&D in artificial intelligence and digital innovation of Siemens Healthineers. Our global footprint extends to USA (Princeton, NJ), China, India, and various countries within Europe. Our highly skilled AI experts specialize in using large data collections and powerful supercomputing infrastructure to build artificial intelligence solutions in close collaboration with government agencies, universities, and healthcare providers worldwide. You will have the opportunity to test your knowledge in a challenging problem-solving environment. You will be encouraged to think out-of-the-box, innovate and find solutions to real-life problems. Our team has a strong publication record in leading journals and conferences. 
This is a role well suited to an ambitious professional, looking for the next step in their career. As a Staff AI Scientist : 
You will research, design and implement algorithms for the analysis of medical images and data to support clinical workflows in neuroimaging and the neurosciences 
You will work with a team of highly talented and self-motivated researchers on large-scale, real-world problems and support the translation of your solutions into products
 You will advance the state-of-the-art research, including authoring publications in top journals and conferences, generating patents, and applying for external grant funding 
You will work with customers and collaborators to understand clinical and technical requirements 
Required skills and qualifications for success in this role Strong background in AI algorithm development including deep learning Strong collaboration skills and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment Ph.D. or equivalent experience in an engineering or science field such as Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or Applied Math 4 years of industry experience or post-doctoral studies Hands-on coding and rapid prototyping skills Outstanding written and verbal communication skills in English 
At Siemens Healthineers, we value those who dedicate their energy and passion to a greater cause. Our people make us unique as an employer in the med-tech industry. What unites and motivates our global team is the inspiration of our common purpose: To innovate for healthcare, building on our remarkable legacy of pioneering ideas that translate into even better healthcare products and services. We recognize that taking ownership of our work allows both us and the company to grow. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment and the space to move beyond your comfort zone to grow both personally and professionally. 
If you want to join us in transforming the way healthcare is delivered, visit our career site at  https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/careers 
 If you wish to find out more about the specific before applying, please visit: https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/about
 As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities. 
#LI-ES1 
Organization:  Siemens Healthineers 
Company:  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Staff Scientist jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Siemens Healthineers in Princeton, NJ Staff Scientist salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Healthineers Siemens Healthineers 202 reviews At Siemens Healthineers USA, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
