
 
 
 
 Data Scientist/ Machine Learning Engineer - Remote - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist/ Machine Learning Engineer - Remote Cardinal Intellectual Property 33 reviews Dallas, TX Remote Full-time Cardinal Intellectual Property 33 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Cardinal Intellectual Property is actively seeking  Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer  to join our dynamic and fast-growing technology team. This is an excellent opportunity for an Engineer who wants to work with cutting edge technologies and to be a crucial part of building the next generation of our applications by integrating machine learning to speed up the business process. This is a cross-technology opportunity which involves machine learning model invention and application, with the goal of assisting lawyers, researchers, and field specialists in retrieving relevant data quickly and accurately. 
 Position Responsibilities/Duties: 
 Own the machine learning research and engineering efforts 
 Analyze problem domains and determine overall architecture for NLP ML solutions 
 Select and apply the appropriate regression and/or ML models to business problems 
 Create and deliver working, scalable, production-ready ML solutions 
 Manage the ML lifecycle, including data prep, training data generation, feature engineering, optimization, experimentation, reproducibility, deployment and end-to-end workflow management 
 Define ML architecture best practices and keep up to date with evolving frameworks 
 Determine data type, format, and quantity requirements as necessary 
 Contribute significantly to the growth and success of the company 
 
 Required Skills and Abilities: 
 6+  years of experience  successfully applying machine learning to real-world problems 
 Hands-on experience developing deep neural networks ( RNN (LSTM, GRU) / CNN) or other advanced statistical models as applied to large-scale NLP 
 Strong coding skills in Python or equivalent high-level language 
 Proven experience with textblob, nltk, pandas, numpy. sckit , tensorflow, or similar libraries 
 Knowledge of ML frameworks such as Keras or PyTorch 
 Experience writing real-time prediction/inference code 
 Knowledge of and ability to apply industry-standard coding best practices 
 Knowledge of relational databases and query authoring (SQL) 
 Familiarity with version control systems 
 
 Qualifications: 
 MS in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field, with a specialization in ML/AI. 
 Demonstrated personal initiative and strong ownership of deliverables 
 Ability to explore new ideas and a passion to bring them to life 
 Experience with Azure is a plus 
 
 Company Benefits for Full Time employees : 
 Insurance Benefits (Health, Dental, Vision, STD, LTD, V-Life). 
 Paid Time Off including Paid Sick time off. 
 Paid Company Holidays. 
 Retirement Plan-401(K) & ROTH; contributions from Company to retirement plan is in the form of profit sharing. 
 
 Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. is a global leader in patent and trademark service, and a provider of software services for intellectual property management. As a leader in the patent research industry, Cardinal IP has been contracted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to conduct their PCT searches and prepare the preliminary opinions across all subject categories. Our technology solutions for intellectual property management include Invention Disclosure Processing, Docketing, and Competitive Monitoring. Our technology platforms incorporate rigorous security and data protection standards, and we maintain confidentiality using the same diligence and procedures as a law firm. Cardinal Intellectual Property, Inc. provides equal opportunity in employment to all employees and applicants for employment. No person will be discriminated against in employment because of race, religion, color, sex, gender, age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, disability, sexual orientation, military status, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable Federal, State or local statute or ordinance. 
XJ6 Cardinal Intellectual Property 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Cardinal Intellectual Property in Dallas, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cardinal Intellectual Property 33 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
