
 
 
 
 Assembler Technician - North Reading, MA 01864 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assembler Technician Amazon.com Services LLC 74,663 reviews North Reading, MA 01864 Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,663 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 A High School Diploma or equivalent. 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
Amazon Robotics is seeking a robotic assembly technician with experience building complex electro-mechanical equipment.
 
 Job Requirements: 
 
 Demonstrated proficiency using a variety of hand and power tools to assemble and repair large mechanical assemblies 
 Strong ability to route and install wire harnesses into an assembly 
 Strength and endurance to lift, handle, install and test larger components used in vehicles, such as gears, motors, and frame which weigh up to 30 pounds 
 Other jobs related to assembly, repair, rework as required 
 Must be able to follow written work instructions 
 Proficient oral and written communications skills. Collaborates well in a team environment. 
 The successful candidate for this position will be self-managed and possess the desire, drive and energy that is needed to deliver and be part of daily execution. This position affords the qualified individual the opportunity to work in an innovative and challenging environment with an intelligent and motivated group of people 
 Ability to work all days for shift, including some overtime 
 Attention to detail. 
 Ability to work with computer, manufacturing software and data entry 
 Ability to lift at least 30 lbs. 
 Willing to perform repetitive tasks while sitting or standing for extended periods of time. 
 Must be able to work in a team/group setting 
 Ability to work in mechanical setting with proficiency in use of tools and light equipment. 
 Knowledge of Lean Manufacturing and its tools including 5S, Kaizen 
 Experience using systems for data collection and Quality Control 
 Equipment testing experience 
 Experience in a Manufacturing environment and GMP requirements 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us . Amazon.com 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assembly Technician jobs in North Reading, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in North Reading, MA Assembly Technician salaries in North Reading, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,663 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
