
 
 
 
 Quantum Machine Learning Researcher, Research Scientist, Quantum AI - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantum Machine Learning Researcher, Research Scientist, Quantum AI Google 3,930 reviews Los Angeles, CA Full-time Google 3,930 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
PhD in Quantum Computing, Physics, Machine Learning, Electrical Engineering, a related field, or equivalent practical experience 
 Experience with Postgraduate research and independent research in a quantum related field and machine learning 
 Experience with programming in Python for research
 Experience in quantum computing 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in operating quantum systems and/or designing quantum algorithms
 Experience in machine learning theory and practice research
 Ability to prototype, test, and develop code to assist in research efforts
 Strong publication history in related fields
 Strong interest in using quantum computers for practical applications
 About the job 
 
The Quantum team's mission is to make useful quantum computing tools available to the world to enable humankind to solve problems that would otherwise be impossible. Google AI Quantum is building novel systems that can leverage quantum mechanics to outperform computers at certain classes of problems. As a Quantum Machine Learning Researcher, you will use your experience in machine learning and quantum computing to better understand the ways in which quantum computing will advance the state of modern machine learning. This can include the development of algorithms, but also designing and understanding systems for which data comes from a quantum source. Ultimately the goal is to increase the impactful application space for a quantum computer, such as those built by the Google Quantum AI Teams. 
 Research happens at Google everyday, on many different embedded teams throughout the company. Our research reaches the user through both services and products such as Search, Maps, Google Assistant, Google Translate, Google Cloud, and our computing, storage, and networking infrastructure. To achieve this, we’re working on a wide variety of projects that utilize the latest state-of-the-art technologies that push the boundaries of what is possible.
 
Google Research is building the next generation of intelligent systems for all Google products. To achieve this, we’re working on projects that utilize the latest computer science techniques developed by skilled software engineers and research scientists. Google Research teams collaborate closely with other teams across Google, maintaining the flexibility and versatility required to adapt new projects and foci that meet the demands of the world's fast-paced business needs. 
Responsibilities 
 Perform quantum machine learning related research in collaboration with other team members 
 Propose and execute on novel research ideas, resulting in published papers 
 Write software to support your own and adjacent research efforts
 Interface with members of the quantum hardware team to enable high impact experiments
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Google in Los Angeles, CA Research Scientist salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,930 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
