
 
 
 
 Content and Communications Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Content and Communications Manager Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,663 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,663 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 15+ years of demonstrated experience in executive marketing and/or communication programs, inclusive of global experience and technology focused 
 Demonstrated writing and presentation skills, and the ability to articulate complex concepts to cross functional audiences and develop written material for external stakeholders 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent 
 
Amazon Web Services, a leader in cloud computing, is seeking an experienced, analytical, strategic and creative leader to join the State and Local Government (SLG) & Education (EDU) team to develop and drive high-impact content and communications strategies for a diverse and rapidly growing global sales organization. This role is both highly strategic and hands-on, requiring an entrepreneurial big thinker who is also willing to roll up their sleeves and get things done.
 
You will be responsible for building a content strategy and communications program to be used as the driving force for external points of view. This will enable sales leaders and teams to communicate information consistently and effectively throughout the organization. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated success in operationalizing content and communications workflows and building mechanisms that enable communication at scale within large, fast-moving, global organizations and building out. The ideal candidate will have content creation and communications program experience in key technologies including Cloud, AI/ML, IoT and Security. The candidate is required to have strong attention to detail, along with exceptional writing skills for both original content as well as rewriting and optimizing content from subject matter experts are essential. This role will work with stakeholders across AWS State and Local Government and Education Sales, AWS Sales Teams, Business Development, Professional Services, Solutions Architecture, Partners, and Marketing. The successful candidate must be able to communicate effectively across multiple technical and non-technical business units, as well as across other geographies.
 
 Core Roles and Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and drive an external focused content and communications program that enables customer, cross-functional stakeholders and partners to achieve their business goals 
 Create high-impact content for usage across a range of channels that educate, engage, and inspire our partners and customers 
 Work closely and communicate effectively with partners, AWS sales and partner teams, and AWS HQ teams around the world using different communications mediums and platforms. 
 Operationalize content and communication workflows to build repeatable mechanisms to facilitate communication at scale 
 Implement reporting and define and manage to success measurements for all communications related materials 
 Own and build deliverables such as presentations, blogs and scripted content 
 Monitor and measure the effectiveness of the communication program through digital analytics, surveys, and other key performance indicators 
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Our team also puts a high value on work-life balance. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
 
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 Demonstrated experience in public sector 
 Demonstrated experience in cloud computing technology 
 Demonstrated ability to navigate highly ambiguous scenarios with competing priorities and multiple stakeholders 
 Demonstrated ability to thrive in a high pressure environment 
 Demonstrated organizational skills and attention-to-detail with the ability to multi-task and prioritize well in a fast paced, dynamic work environment 
 Demonstrated experience providing creative practical solutions to problems 
 Demonstrated experience of partner/channel relationships and sales strategies 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Content Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Remote Content Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,663 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
