
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - AADS - Indianapolis, IN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - AADS Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews Indianapolis, IN Full-time Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 35,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.
 Organization Overview:
 How would you like a career where you get to use your best analytical skills to make a substantial difference in the well-being of people across the globe? Bring YOUR skills and talents to Lilly and our Advanced Analytics and Data Sciences organization where you’ll have the opportunity to make an impact on the lives of patients.
 As an innovation driven company we work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism.
 Our Advanced Analytics and Data Sciences organization is growing to support the entire Lilly enterprise, from Discovery to Development to Manufacturing and Commercialization of our medicines. To solve the complex problems of a global business and the ever-evolving data and analytics landscape, the organization generally requires advanced degrees in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research and computer science. We are playing a leading role in transforming the way the company discovers and develops new treatments, identifies personalized treatment regimens, drives efficiency in our operations and optimizes our commercialization of new products. WE are doing this with an emphasis in the areas of machine learning and artificial intelligence, natural language processing and other approaches to unstructured data, advanced mathematical and predictive modeling, visual analytics and more. Whether you are intrigued by the research and development of new medicines or optimizing our commercialization/business, or driving efficiency into our operations, we have a position for you. You will be encouraged to identify important business problems and to further your own research interests in these areas including presentations and publications at professional meetings. Come join us on our amazing journey to make life better!
 Key responsibilities include:
 Develop and implement advanced algorithms for machine learning and AI methods.
 Maintain a broad understanding of questions and be fully engaged with teams, bringing an objective voice to the table, and facilitating decisions grounded in data
 Collaborate with other analytics team members to review and provide feedback on the analytics work being done, and be willing to seek feedback from other team members about your own work
 Stay current with respect to machine learning/statistical/mathematical/informatics modeling methodology, to maintain proficiency in applying new and varied methods, and to be competent in justifying methods selected
 Basic Qualifications:
 Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics focusing on Numeric Analysis, High Performance Computing, Operations Research, Physics, Engineering or quantitative related field
 OR Master in Computer Science/Computer Engineering with at least 4 years related working experience.
 Additional Skills/Preferences:
 Have research experience in deep learning, reinforcement learning, and knowledgable in general machine learning algorithms.
 Have rich experience on multicore, multi-GPU, multi-node computing.
 Have rich experience on low-latency data processing, algorithm acceleration and computing over networked data.
 Have experience of algorithm development and the ability to rapidly understand and contribute to complex science/engineering code.
 Good communication skills with can-do mindset.
 Make the impossible possible in your quest to make life better.
 Bring Analytics to life by giving it zeal and making it applicable to our business.
 Bring an insatiable desire to learn, to innovate, and to challenge yourself for the benefit of patients.
 Lilly is a global health care leader that unites caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. For more than a century, we have stayed true to a core set of values—excellence, integrity, and respect for people—that guide us in all we do: discovering medicines that meet real needs, improving the understanding and management of disease, and giving back to communities. We also are committed to investing in our employees and supporting a culture of well-being —through competitive pay, comprehensive employee benefit programs, and training and development resources.
 We’re doing extraordinary things. Join us and you could be, too!
 For internal employees, if you are currently in a technical path role, but outside of the posting band, you may apply. You will be hired at your current level. For example: Current P4 (tech ladder), Posting R1-2 tech ladder, hire will occur at P4
 Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively “Lilly”) are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( Lilly_Recruiting_Compliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.
 Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 
 
As a condition of employment with Eli Lilly and Company in the United States and Puerto Rico, you must be fully COVID-19 vaccinated and provide valid proof of vaccination to the company. Eli Lilly 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Indianapolis, IN Jobs at Eli Lilly in Indianapolis, IN Research Scientist salaries in Indianapolis, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Eli Lilly Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
