
 
 
 
 Engineering Lead, Artificial Intelligence - Massachusetts - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Lead, Artificial Intelligence HubSpot 46 reviews Massachusetts Remote HubSpot 46 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The HubSpot Product team is made up of over 1,000 engineers, designers, product managers, and researchers. We're passionate about building tools that help small and medium-sized businesses market, sell, and serve their customers — and ultimately, grow better. 
 
The AI Products team lives within the Artificial Intelligence group and is responsible for delivering end to end products within the AI space. You'll work with your team to provide direct value to our customers by leveraging innovative technologies and creating new products and features within HubSpot. 
 
We're looking for experienced engineers who are excited by the challenges that come from working at scale and are passionate about solving complex technical problems.. We favor forward thinking engineering leaders who can choose from an array of innovative tools to deliver the most value. 
 
As an engineering leader at HubSpot, you'll do many things — many of which you likely already have experience executing. For this position, we are looking for: 
 
 A bias for fixing problems with technology rather than process. 
 Passion for building reliable systems. 
 Passion for fostering performing collaborative teams. 
 Someone who never accepts the status quo; we need engineers who can see beyond what we have, and towards what we can build, while maintaining an understanding about how to get there. 
 Proven ability to solve complicated technical problems and analyze trade offs with empathy for developers and customers alike. 
 Ability to demonstrate pragmatic decision making and problem-solving abilities. 
 
 At HubSpot, engineering leaders play to their strengths, but are aligned with HubSpot's mission and show the leadership qualities that we've found to be most effective: 
 
 They build trust, respect, and empathy, and use that as a base to deliver radical candor with HEART 
 They foster an inclusive team and sense of mission. 
 They have strong working relationships across the organization, from the tech leads and the individual contributors who report to them, to the product managers and designers their reports work with, to their peers & the executive team. 
 They understand our customer and business needs. 
 They understand how we build and why. 
 They represent our mission, culture, and commitment to DI&B to candidates. 
 They get team members and candidates excited to take on new challenges. 
 
 If you're an engineering leader of any level or experience, and if this resonates with you, let's talk. 
We know the  confidence gap  and  imposter syndrome  can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don't hesitate to apply — we'd love to hear from you. 
 
 
About HubSpot 
 
HubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is a leading customer relationship management (CRM) platform that provides software and support to help businesses grow better. We build marketing, sales, service, and website management products that start free and scale to meet our customers' needs at any stage of growth. We're also building a company culture that empowers people to do their best work through. If that sounds like something you'd like to be part of, we'd love to hear from you. 
 
You can find out more about our company culture in the HubSpot Culture Code, which has more than 5M views, and learn about our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace, too. Thanks to the work of every employee globally, HubSpot was named the #4 Best Place to Work on Glassdoor in 2021, and has been recognized for award-winning culture by Great Place to Work, Comparably, Fortune, Entrepreneur, Inc., and more. 
 
Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts, HubSpot was founded in 2006. Today, thousands of employees work across the globe in HubSpot offices and remotely. Visit our careers website to learn more about culture and opportunities at HubSpot. 
 
 
 By submitting your application, you agree that HubSpot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. HubSpot's  Privacy Notice  explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, our purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over HubSpot's use of your personal information. HubSpot 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineering Lead jobs in Massachusetts Jobs at HubSpot in Massachusetts Engineering Lead salaries in Massachusetts Company Info Follow Get job updates from HubSpot HubSpot 46 reviews HubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is a leading customer relationship management (CRM) platform that provides software and support to help companies gr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
