
 
 
 
 Senior Developer Advocate - AI & Machine Learning - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Developer Advocate - AI & Machine Learning Grid.ai 18 reviews New York State Remote Grid.ai 18 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who we are 
 
Grid.ai enables companies of all sizes to train state-of-the-art AI models on hundreds of cloud GPUs and TPUs from their laptops. From the creator of the popular framework PyTorch Lightning, Grid is a platform for training models that enables rapid research iteration. Grid aims to simplify scalable AI research so that when a network becomes complex, code doesn't. 
 
Focus on Machine Learning, Not Infrastructure. 
 
Grid.ai is backed by $18.6 million in funding from Index Ventures, Bain Capital Ventures, and Firstminute. Grid is a remote-first company founded by William Falcon and Luis Capelo. 
 
What's important to us 
 
We are building a company of people that care deeply about the impact of AI on our society. We value: 
 
 Integrity: AI is bound to change how we interact with computers, with each other, and the world—for the better. We are committed to building an inclusive company and developing ethical AI that improves humanity. 
 Perseverance: Be bold, take the initiative, and make decisions with confidence. We empower our community, clients, and colleagues to tackle the impossible. 
 Curiosity: We are genuinely interested in finding solutions to advance the state of AI research and foster its application in novel products. It's not about whether we can solve the problem, but how. 
 What We're Looking For 
 
As more developers use Grid and Lightning, we are actively investing in our user communities. This is an opportunity for you to shape the developer experience in the AI space while driving the adoption and utilization of technology that will transform the machine learning ecosystem as a whole. At Grid.ai, developer advocacy centers around 3 tenants: 
 
 Community:  Our goal is to amplify the community's voice within the company by increasing engagement, gathering feedback, and working together to use . 
 Content:  From writing blog posts, drafting articles, and producing videos to building demos and developing our documentation, we want to ensure that our users have the resources they need to get started and learn about the latest ways to use Grid and Lightning! 
 Engineering:  At the end of the day, we are all engineers. We connect with developers in the field, foster strong relationships with internal teams, and work together on prioritizing feedback to inform discovery and roadmap development. 
 What You'll Do 
 Amplify the Lightning and Grid Community by connecting with users in the community Slack, speaking at meetups and conferences, and hosting Community Office Hours and Technical Community Sprints. 
 Develop the first Grid and Lightning Ambassadors Program to foster community and create champions for our products. 
 Write technical content and documentation, including Open Source Repos, Blog Posts, Case Studies, and Documentation to enable engineers, scientists, and researchers to do more with Grid and Lightning. 
 Collaborate with the product and engineering teams to share the voice of the community and improve the developer experience as a whole. 
 Actively build demos on top of lightning using PyTorch, Lightning, and Grid. 
 Represent the company at conferences and meetups virtually (and across the globe when it's safe) to connect with our community, meet our users, and host fun, engaging events. 
 How we evaluate your candidacy 
 
Our interviews will not only give us insight into your skillset but give you insight into our company. 
 
 Head of People Introduction - 20 minutes:  You will speak with our Head of People about your background and what you are looking for in your next role. Afterward, you will provide 2 short technical writing samples that will be reviewed by the Head of Developer Advocacy before we proceed to the next interview. 
 Advocacy   Interview- 45 minutes:  You will speak to our Head of Developer Advocacy and chat about your genuine passion for AI and machine learning, as well as your unique approach to the Advocacy Role. You will share your thoughts on connecting with end-users, gathering feedback, and creating champions within our community. 
 Community Interview - 30 minutes:  You will speak with our Marketing Specialist about how you build bridges between marketing and developer advocacy and align efforts to drive community engagement. 
 Content Interview - 30 minutes:  Be prepared to give a 10-15 minute presentation to our Senior Product Manager on a Deep Learning-related project you worked on (preferably using Lightning or Grid) and answer questions about the project. 
 Engineering Interview- 45 minutes:  Choose an NLP, Computer Vision, or Audio Processing task then walk one of our Lightning Engineers through pseudo-code for creating a DataModule and Lightning Module for the task. Be prepared to answer technical questions about your design choices. Familiarize yourself with PyTorch Lightning's Interfaces before this stage of the interview. 
 Culture Chat - 30 minutes:  We also take time to speak with every candidate about Ethics in AI, our values, and how our technology can be used to create a positive social impact. 
 CEO - 30 minutes:  William Falcon, our CEO, likes to connect with every person joining our company. Be prepared to talk a bit about what you've learned and why you'd like to work with us. 
 Offer:  We try our best to give you a decision within 24 hours of each interview. At this point, we will present our offer and provide additional context about our stock options and growth trajectory. 
 Start Date:  Given our early stage, we would like all of our new hires to start within 4 weeks of acceptance. 
 How you'll be rewarded 
 
We pride ourselves on making sure our employees enjoy a good quality of life, no matter where they live. We offer competitive base salaries and stock options with a 25% one year cliff and monthly vesting thereafter. 
 
For our international employees, we work with Velocity Global to pay you in your local currency and provide equitable benefits across the globe. In the US, we offer: 
 
 90% monthly premium contributions towards medical, dental, and vision plans for you, you and your spouse, you and your children, or you and your family, along with HSA and FSA options.
 Our health plans are offered through Aetna, a health insurance company with a care network encompassing 1.3 million doctors and 5,700 hospitals across America. 
 $25,000 Life and AD&D Insurance, as well as optional supplemental life insurance for extra peace of mind 
 24/7 access to:
 Teladoc, a virtual healthcare platform 
 One Medical, a patient-focused national primary care practice 
 Health Advocacy, an Employee Assistance Program, and 
 Headspace, a guided meditation application 
 12 weeks of paid family leave for employees who have worked with the company for 6-12 months and 16 weeks of paid family leave for employees who have worked with the company for 12+ months. 
 $500 Monthly Meal Reimbursement, including groceries & food delivery services 
 $750 1-time Home Office Build Out 
 $1,000 Annual Learning & Development Stipend 
 100% Covered Bike Membership and Discounted Rates for Fitness Memberships Grid.ai 25 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York State Jobs at Grid.ai in New York State Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York State Company Info Follow Get job updates from Grid.ai 18 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
