
 
 
 
 Lab Engineer - Robotics AI - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Lab Engineer - Robotics AI Amazon.com Services LLC 74,663 reviews Seattle, WA Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,663 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 2+ years supporting development engineering teams 
 Associate's degree in Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent 
 Experience using hand tools, powered machine tools (drill, saw, sander…) 
 Experience using electronic instruments such as oscilloscope, logic analyzer, signal generator, etc. 
 Experience with operation and maintenance of 3D printers 
 Organization skills to independently maintain a lab in compliance with established regulations 
 Familiarity with SolidWorks or other mechanical CAD program 
 
Robotics AI is looking for an outstanding, highly motivated Senior Lab Technician to join our team in the Seattle, WA. As a Lab Engineer, you will be working with a unique and gifted team developing exciting products for consumers and collaborate with cross-functional teams. You will manage execute activities in the laboratory and in Amazon Fulfillment Centers including fabrication, assembly, and testing.
 
The ideal candidate will participate in the product development process from concept to market launch with an emphasis on prototype assembly and testing. Their contributions will ensure that the product development proceeds with enough prototypes and fixtures for testing and evaluation. They have a demonstrated ability to assemble and test electro/mechanical products, specify and build test stations, collaborate with engineers, communicate effectively, and work well in an open collaborative peer environment with little guidance. They must possess good hands-on skills in assembly and test of mechatronic products.
 
 The Lab Engineer will be responsible for: 
 
 Manage the R&D lab space to meet the needs of the engineering team and company regulations 
 Build test stations to meet specified engineering requirements by combining commercial instruments, control software, and custom fixtures 
 Design and build, or specify details to suppliers, mechanical fixtures for test stations 
 Operate rapid prototype equipment such as 3D printers, laser cutters, reflow ovens, etc. 
 Responsible for product prototype builds 
 Purchase components and supplies, maintain lab equipment calibration, and keep the lab in compliance with company EHS safety practices 
 Carry out characterization testing of products and components. Collect and organize data from test instruments using strict technical best practices to ensure data integrity 
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 Proficiency with using applications in a Linux operating system 
 Experienced in manual lathe and mill operations 
 Experienced in CNC retro-fit style mill operations 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. Amazon.com 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Robotics Engineer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Robotics Engineer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,663 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
