
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Anheuser-Busch 1,548 reviews St. Louis, MO Full-time Anheuser-Busch 1,548 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Budweiser. Bud Light. Stella Artois. Michelob ULTRA. That’s right, over 100 of America’s most loved brands, to be exact. But there’s so much more to us than our top-notch portfolio of beers, seltzers, and more. We believe our people are our greatest asset, and we’re looking for people like you to join our shared dream of bringing people together for a better world. Are you up for the Challenge? 
 In the role as Data Scientist you will own data structure and analysis for all new data science strategic processes and drive future data structure and platform solutions to ensure optimized performance and reliability of required data. You will assist the Data Science Team with data requirements to ensure efficient and effective data flow, align with the Data Science Team members on a strategic vision and plan for new technology systems and applications solution opportunities and work with Global TechSupply on a new technology roadmap and initiatives for the North America Zone. 
 Data analysis of key processes to determine improvement opportunities either through process change or automated process control. 
 Process modeling and automated process control algorithm building and enhancements utilizing 3rd party solutions such as Sorba AI or Bonsai AI tools 
 Data management and utilization of all data sources (Historian, BPA, etc.) to provide a full data analysis capability 
 Meet and work with multiple process SMEs to understand the process capability, requirements, and targets that the data science can focus and improve on. 
 Project Management of key Brewery of the Future initiatives within the Data Science Strategy 
 
 Job Qualifications 
 
 Bachelors degree in a Computer Information Systems, Computer Science, or significant demonstration of experience with databases, datasets, stored procedure creation, data views, and tools to visualiz data (Power BI, SSRS, etc.) 
 At least 5 years of experience with a focus on data organization, analysis, and visualization 
 Preferred working knowledge of standard database platforms (MSSQL, Oracle, Sybase) & their development tools (SSMS, Toad, etc.) 
 Passion for delivering business/operation value by creating excellent solutions 
 Excellent analytical and problem solving skills, combined with strong business judgement and an ability to present analysis in a clear and compelling manner 
 Passion for building a business/operation intelligence skillset 
 A complete Business Intelligence skill stack, from query to dashboard 
 Proactive mind set with a strong sense of personal ownership 
 Excellent time management and prioritization skills 
 Interest in user experience and design thinking 
 Understanding use of metrics and KPls and how to use them to guide a Supply Chain Operations 
 Experience participating in Agile development 
 Why Anheuser-Busch 
 Anheuser-Busch is here for the times that matter. The moments where we celebrate, defy challenges, dream of the brighter future we are building today– and all the moments in between. We are a company that brings people together for richer conversations, sweeter celebrations and stronger communities. 
 Challenge Accepted! Apply Today! 
 Benefits 
 We offer generous benefit plan options that can be tailored for your unique needs and wellbeing and are effective on day 1. Here are just a few: 
 Health benefits including Medical, Dental, Vision, Wellness and Tax-Advantaged Savings and Spending Accounts 
 Life Insurance and Disability Income Protection 
 Generous Parental Leave and FMLA policies 
 401(k) Retirement Savings options with a generous company matching contribution of up to 8.5% 
 Chance to work in a fast-paced environment among a company of owners 
 Free Beer! 
 EEO Statement 
 As the leading global brewer, Anheuser-Busch InBev is committed to finding innovative ways to continually improve. It's this kind of thinking that creates a unique work environment by rewarding talent, celebrating diversity and encouraging forward thinking. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Anheuser-Busch 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Anheuser-Busch in St. Louis, MO Data Scientist salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Anheuser-Busch Anheuser-Busch 1,548 reviews For more than 165 years, Anheuser-Busch has been woven into the cultural fabric of the United States, carrying on a legacy of brewing gre... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
