
 
 
 
 Research Associate - Test Science - Alexandria, VA 22311 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate - Test Science Institute for Defense Analyses 49 reviews Alexandria, VA 22311 Institute for Defense Analyses 49 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Effective October 11, 2021, all current and newly hired IDA employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless they have been granted a medical or religious exemption. Individuals who accept employment with IDA will be required to provide proof that they are fully vaccinated or receive approval for a medical or religious accommodation prior to starting employment. 
 
Who We Are 
 
The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a private, nonprofit corporation headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, just outside Washington, DC. IDA’s mission is to answer the most challenging U.S. security and science policy questions with objective analysis leveraging extraordinary scientific, technical, and analytic expertise. IDA operates three Federally Funded Research and Development Centers (FFRDC’s). 
 
Why Work for IDA? 
 
We are seeking a Research Associate to join the Test Science team within IDA’s largest division, Operational Evaluation Division (OED). The Research Associate will facilitate data-driven decision-making by developing, applying, and disseminating statistical, behavioral, and data science methodologies within IDA and the DoD. The position supports and advises mid- and senior-level civilian and military officials regarding the operational evaluation of military systems. Work involves analyzing the design, execution, and results of operational testing and associated modeling and simulation activities. The Test Science Research Associate will provide independent assessments to OSD’s Director, Operational Test and Evaluation and the Joint AI Center’s Chief of Test, Evaluation, and Assessment. 
 
Primary Responsibilities 
 
 Provide quantitative analytic support to the government sponsor and other researchers within OED (e.g., predictive modeling, statistical analysis of human and system performance data) 
 
 Assist in the preparation of documents (e.g., briefings and reports on the design, conduct, and findings of operational tests, graphs that clearly present findings from analyses, meeting materials) 
 
 Develop methods for dealing with the challenges of operational testing and improving data quality (e.g., develop data management and reproducible research best practices and tutorials) 
 
 What Will You Need? 
 
We are seeking a highly analytical person who is able to both collaborate on cutting-edge research projects while also conducting independent research that is relevant to OED’s primary task to support the DoD in evaluating how effective, suitable, and survivable military systems are under operationally realistic conditions. 
 
 Candidates must have a Master’s degree (or equivalent experience) in data science, statistics, research psychology, human-systems engineering, computer science or related discipline 
 
 Candidates must have experience with statistical programming (R or Python preferred) 
 
 Candidates must demonstrate basic SQL knowledge or an aptitude to learn 
 
 Ability to work within multidisciplinary teams 
 
 Strong interpersonal and communication skills 
 
 Some travel may be required 
 
 Successful completion of a background check is required. 
 
 U.S. Citizenship is required 
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required 
Equal Opportunity Employer Institute for Defense Analyses 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Alexandria, VA Jobs at Institute for Defense Analyses in Alexandria, VA Research Associate salaries in Alexandria, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Institute for Defense Analyses Institute for Defense Analyses 49 reviews The Institute for Defense Analyses is a nonprofit organization that provides government agencies with high-quality, objective analyses of... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
