
 
 
 
 US Rater (FT) - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search US Rater (FT) TELUS International 1,213 reviews Dallas, TX $14 an hour  -   Part-time TELUS International 1,213 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $14 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Employee Sub-Group : Perm PT Hourly
 
 Work Schedule : Part-Time - Regular up to 20 hours per week 
 Location : USA
 
 Position Title : Rater 
 
About TELUS International AI Inc: 
We help companies test and improve machine learning models via our global AI Community of 1 million+ annotator and linguists. Our proprietary AI training platform handles all data types (text, images, audio, video and geo) across 500+ languages and dialects. Our AI Data Solutions vastly enhance AI systems across a range of applications from advanced smart products, to better search results, to expanded speech recognition, to more human-like bot interactions and so much more. 
 
Learn more at http://www.telusinternational.com 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. 
 
The Position: 
We are looking for dynamic and creative people who have strong communication skills and use the Internet daily. The job involves analyzing and providing feedback on text, web pages, images and other types of information for leading search engines, using an online tool. Raters log on to the online tool to select tasks to do on a self-directed schedule. A Rater reviews the results returned in a specific search query and rates them in terms of relevance. The majority of the task types will require both a desktop/laptop and a smartphone. 
 
Basic Requirements: 
High School Diploma or GED Qualification 
For cultural awareness purposes, you should be living in the United States for the last 5 consecutive years. 
You should have a minimum of 12 months of experience using Gmail as your primary email. 
Daily access to and use of a broadband internet connection to perform the work. 
Android smartphone 4.2 or higher or iPhone iOS version 10.0 or higher to perform the work on. 
 
Preferred Skills: 
Active daily user of Gmail, Google+ and other forms of social media including Twitter & Facebook 
Familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media and cultural affairs in the United States 
Experience in use of web browsers to navigate and interact with a variety of content 
 
To Apply:  Applicants should apply by clicking on the link below and complete the Telus International AI Inc. online application form. 
https://e-recruit.sap.lionbridge.com/sap/bc/bsp/sap/hrrcf_unrg_appl/application.do?PARAM=cGluc3RfZ3VpZD1FQkVCQjdBMzM2MjFFQUYxQTg0QzAwMTU1RDAwOTZBMA%3d%3d&sap-client=100&sap-client=100&sap-language=EN&rcfContext=LT Telus International 4 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at TELUS International in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from TELUS International TELUS International 1,213 reviews At TELUS International, we focus on the human connection to deliver high-tech, high-touch customer experiences powered by next-gen digita... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
