
 
 
 
 Continuous Improvement Manager - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Continuous Improvement Manager HealthEquity Inc. 69 reviews Remote Full-time HealthEquity Inc. 69 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
We are  BUILDING HEALTH SAVINGS . Come be part of remarkable. 
How you can make a difference 
 HealthEquity is looking to hire a passionate Continuous Improvement Manager. This role provides a full range of productivity services to IT Operations and directs cost reduction programs for the IT organization. This includes identifying, developing and leading lean measurement systems across the full IT landscape. They will also develop and deliver continuous improvement training programs for IT team mates. They provide direction in best practices in areas including but not limited to: process improvement, manpower utilization, overhead spend, capital utilization, indirect spend, and efficiency working capital. This role will work closely with all areas of IT to drive greater utilization of current processes and procedures, achieving higher proficiency to ensure business results are achieved and manage any changes that impact team members. The manager is responsible for on-going reporting of the program and efficiency gains that have been found. 
What you’ll be doing 
 Identify, develop and lead lean measurement systems and drive continuous improvements projects across the full IT operations landscape
 Identify areas for increased productivity and make recommendations to IT leadership 
Lead and execute on breakthrough and incremental projects
 Identify, document, and train team members on best practices in continuous improvement 
Build and deliver monthly reporting for the IT organization
 Build and deliver program metrics and report to appropriate IT leadership 
Captures and communicates significant learning from projects furthering best practices; maintains appropriate project documentation 
Collaborates with team members and coaches, trains, and develops internal improvement ideas (help team members identify and utilize their own skills and idea generation) 
Works closely with Operations Management and the People Team to establish a team culture
 Supports team-building activities of various teams in cooperation with team leader/team-developer 
Manages and carries out the personnel actions for direct reports, including but not limited to hiring and scheduling; training and evaluating; coaching and managing performance; making salary, merit, or other compensation recommendations for team of direct reports; and making recommendations and/or taking corrective or disciplinary action as appropriate. Ensures that direct reports have knowledge of the Company’s policies and procedures regarding this area of service, receive training, and are prepared to perform work at the appropriate level. 
What you will need to be successful 
 Master’s degree (Math, Engineering Science) or MBA. 
Mastery of SQL, SharePoint, Excel, Power Point, Word and a statistical package (e.g. JMP or Minitab). 
Understanding of AI and ML applications and uses. 
Experience with ecommerce processes or industry. 
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. 
Ability to identify areas for process optimization, process redesign, and waste reduction and lead from identification to execution. 
Proven track record of delivering large scale, complex and cross functional projects and programs. 
5+ years of professional experience in roles that required data analysis, program management, creative problem solving and cross-functional collaboration. 
5+ years of experience using Voice of the Customer analysis to drive improvements through the application of Lean and/or Six Sigma tools and concepts. 
Experience communicating and presenting to senior leaders with the ability to influence without authority. 
Experience in leading people/teams without formal responsibility and building rapport with teams across all levels. 
Analytical background - seven quality tools, SPC, Hypothesis Testing, Regression Analysis. 
Six Sigma Green or Black Belt. 
Benefits and perks 
Medical, dental, vision 
401(k) match 
Paid maternity/paternity leave 
Purple with Purpose (paid volunteer time off) 
Health Savings Account (HSA) contribution and match 
Award-winning wellness program 
Consumer-driven healthcare education 
Why work for HealthEquity 
HealthEquity has a vision that  by 2030 we will make HSAs as widespread and popular as retirement accounts.  We are passionate about providing a solution that allows American families to  connect health and wealth  and  build health savings  for life. Through our innovative technology and superior service delivery, our members gain valuable insights to better save and spend their healthcare dollars. 
We firmly believe that our team members drive the success of this company. We hire passionate contributors who enjoy the thrill of pioneering their positions to their full potential. Join us and discover a work experience where the person is valued more than the position, and where are our  purple  culture drives a remarkable experience. 
Our advice to you 
HealthEquity is fiercely focused on hiring passionate individuals to contribute to our purple culture. If you seek passion, excellence, service, ambition, fun…we want to speak with you! We believe that your personality is as important as your experience and qualifications, so when we do have the opportunity to speak together, be authentic, be genuine, be you! Showcase your experience and your passion. 
HealthEquity, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race,  age,  color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, status as a qualified individual with a disability, veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. HealthEquity is a drug-free workplace. For more information about our EEO policy, or about HealthEquity’s applicant disability accommodation, drug-free-workplace, background check, and E-Verify policies, please visit our Careers page. HealthEquity Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Continuous Improvement Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at HealthEquity in Remote Continuous Improvement Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from HealthEquity Inc. HealthEquity Inc. 69 reviews HealthEquity provides a solution to an issue of growing importance to American families: affording lifelong health care. More than two mi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
