
 
 
 
 Frontend Engineer - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Frontend Engineer Hive San Francisco, CA Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Hive is the leading provider of cloud-based enterprise AI solutions to power the next wave of intelligent automation. We offer a portfolio of best-in-class deep learning models, built with consensus-validated training data sourced and annotated by our distributed workforce of more than 2 million contributors globally. Hive's APIs enable use cases including automated content moderation, contextual advertising, advertising and sponsorship measurement, document parsing, and more. We process billions of API requests per month for many of the world's largest and most innovative companies. 
Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Jericho Capital, Bain & Company, Visa Ventures, and others. We have over 170 employees globally in our San Francisco and Delhi offices. Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI! 
Frontend Engineer 
 
 Frontend Engineers are an essential part of the Hive Data and Hive Enterprise products. Working closely with designers, product owners, and other engineers, we implement the user interfaces that define our core platforms. We leverage the latest web technologies such as  React ,  Redux ,  Webpack ,  and  ES6  to deliver innovative interfaces and rich user experiences. The team is small and fast moving, and you will be expected to iterate quickly and make software design decisions on product features. As a front-end engineer at Hive, your breadth of skills paired with our bottom-up product process will give you as much autonomy and responsibility as you can handle. We are looking for technically-strong teammates who are passionate about frontend technologies and thrive in a fast-paced environment. 
 Responsibilities 
Build robust, high performance, and scalable applications 
Work with the design and product teams to develop new features that are focused on user experience 
Actively participate in product decisions, ensuring we set reasonable development deadlines 
Look for opportunities to improve team efficiency and work with your team to implement improvements 
 Requirements 
You have at least 1 year of experience working in web development 
You have experience working with 3rd party APIs and libraries 
You have in-depth knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and related web technologies 
You have a good grasp of React and Redux (or similar frameworks) and the concepts behind it 
You are capable of creating beautiful web products and have good UX sensibilities 
You are eager to learn new technologies and share your knowledge with your teammates 
You are receptive to feedback and always looking for opportunities to sharpen your skills 
You have excellent communication skills and experience in collaborative environments 
You write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability and scalability 
 Who We Are 
 
 We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI company. At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco. The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company. 
Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon! Hive 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Hive in San Francisco, CA Front End Developer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hive Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
