
 
 
 
 Executive Assistant - Austin, Tx (Remote) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Executive Assistant - Austin, Tx (Remote) OutSystems 17 reviews Remote Remote OutSystems 17 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Executive Assistant 
 Job description, low-code style: 
 As the #1 low-code application development platform, OutSystems provides customers with everything they need to build apps incredibly fast. So, let’s cut to the chase: we’re looking for an  Executive Assistant . Does the challenge of working with a hot company in a rapidly growing tech market sound exciting? 
 The longer story: 
 The OutSystems low-code platform enables customers to facilitate digital transformation through massive efficiency gains in building and supporting enterprise-grade applications. By leveraging automation, artificial intelligence and deep technology integrations, software developers and business users can build applications through an intuitive, visual interface, rather than traditional coding. Customers experience tremendous cost savings and create competitive advantages by developing custom applications in days and weeks versus months and years, despite a shortage of skilled developers. 
 The  Executive Assistant  will support the professional needs of OutSystems’ Sales Executives. Successful candidates must be detail oriented, have a professional demeanor, and exhibit excellent organizational skills combined with the ability to maintain composure while managing multiple projects and priorities in a fast-paced environment. 
 Here’s what a successful  Executive Assistant  at OutSystems will do: 
 Calendar Management 
 Correspondence, reports and document management 
 Travel and Accommodation booking and management 
 Expense reimbursement management 
 Project Scheduling and monitoring 
 Manage daily schedule (set up meetings, travel, speaking engagements) 
 Assists with the development and preparation of information and materials for meetings and presentations. 
 Provide backup coverage to front desk, when needed 
 Maintain effective working relationships with people at all levels within the company including vendors, customers, employees, consultants, etc. 
 Qualifications 
 Prior experience in a fast paced and dynamic environment where the candidate has had to manage multiple projects and priorities in a tactful and discreet manner. 
 Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing via various methods –phone, text, video chat. 
 Strong and current IT Skills. Advanced Word, Excel and PowerPoint are required. 
 Experienced at tactful gate-keeping, protecting the executive’s time per direction. 
 Experience working with remote teams 
 Comfortable working in a virtual environment 
 Evidence of being a collaborative team player. 
 Key characteristics include:
 Decision Making and Judgement 
 Pro-activity 
 Teamwork 
 Composure under pressure 
 Efficiency and Attention to detail 
 Flexibility 
 Discretion 
 Willingness to travel when required 
 Location:  US - Remote 
 
 About OutSystems 
 Our software platform is revolutionizing how organizations build and deliver business-transforming applications. OutSystems is one of the fastest growing B2B software companies in the world, with a base in Lisbon, Portugal, international locations in Atlanta, Boston, London, Amsterdam, Dubai, Tokyo, Sydney, and Singapore, and customers in more than 52 countries. 
 Recognized as a leader in our market by top analyst firms like Forrester and Gartner 
 Winner of multiple industry awards, including the prestigious CODiE award 
 Loved by customers who have voted us the best low-code software platform (Gartner Peer Reviews, TrustRadius, and G2 Crowd) OutSystems 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Executive Assistant jobs in Remote Jobs at OutSystems in Remote Executive Assistant salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from OutSystems OutSystems 17 reviews OutSystems is a global enterprise software company headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
