
 
 
 
 Associate Principal Counsel – Legal Technology - Burbank, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Principal Counsel – Legal Technology The Walt Disney Company (Corporate) 3,536 reviews Burbank, CA Full-time The Walt Disney Company (Corporate) 3,536 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
At Disney, we‘re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. We do this through utilizing and developing cutting-edge technology and pushing the envelope to bring stories to life through our movies, products, interactive games, parks and resorts, and media networks. Now is your chance to join our talented team that delivers unparalleled creative content to audiences around the world. 
 
The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks, experiences and consumer products, studio entertainment and direct-to-consumer and international. 
 
At Corporate, you’ll team with the best in the business to build one of the most innovative global businesses in any industry. Uniquely positioned at the center of an exciting, multi-faceted Company, the Technology Legal Group assists our business teams in pursing new ideas and technologies and driving value, all the while gaining something valuable from the experience. Come see the most interesting Company from the most interesting point of view. 
 
The Corporate Legal Department of The Walt Disney Company is seeking an experienced attorney to become part of its Technology Legal Group handling technology transactions and counseling matters for The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries and its affiliates worldwide. 
 
Responsibilities: 
Responsibilities will include structuring, negotiating and drafting technology and related business agreements and supporting and counseling our clients on matters relating to technology and technological innovation initiatives. This will include collaborating with other legal colleagues on associated intellectual property, privacy, security and other issues. As an Associate Principal Counsel, the attorney will work with more experienced attorneys with respect to complex matters and high-risk transactions. 
 
Basic Qualifications: 
The successful candidate must have a minimum of 7 years’ experience in structuring and documenting complex technology transactions (including cloud-based and software development transactions). The successful candidate must have the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of management, including senior level executives, and the ability to work effectively and multitask in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment while maintaining a sense of humor and treating colleagues at all levels with respect. 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
In-house counsel experience is highly desirable 
Technical experience is highly desirable 
Experience handling artificial intelligence, managed services or telecommunications agreements is desirable, though not required 
Required Education 
Law degree from an accredited law school required 
Additional Information: 
LegalAffairs Disney 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Burbank, CA Jobs at The Walt Disney Company in Burbank, CA Counsel salaries in Burbank, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Walt Disney Company (Corporate) The Walt Disney Company (Corporate) 3,536 reviews The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to be one of the world’s leading producers and providers of entertainment and information. Usin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
