
 
 
 
 AI Courier - Temporary Position - Robersonville, NC - Robersonville, NC 27871 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Courier - Temporary Position - Robersonville, NC Smithfield Foods 2,344 reviews Robersonville, NC 27871 Full-time, Temporary Smithfield Foods 2,344 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Temporary Full Job Description Job Locations: US-NC-ROBERSONVILLE Your Opportunity:
 
The AI Courier is responsible for picking up and delivering semen in a timely manner. This person will be responsible for proper handling of the product and abiding by all corporate and lawful regulations with regards to vehicle operations. The route will start and end in the Robersonville, NC area. 
Core Responsibilities:
 Pick-up and delivery of semen in a safe, accurate, timely and efficient manner. 
Complies with all Bio-security regulations. 
Complies with all State highway polices and regulations. 
Exhibits a professional and positive attitude and appearance at all times 
Maintains any vehicle driven clean inside and out, as well as free of loose objects inside the cab, as well as vacuuming and wiping down the inside of the vehicle 
Responsible for complying with all environmental laws and procedures to which Smithfield Hog Production subscribes.
 Reports all environmental issues immediately to supervisor.
 Understands and complies with the company’s emergency notification process
 Follows required and recommended safety procedures while driving, picking up, and delivering semen. 
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. May perform other duties as assigned. 
Qualifications:
 
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions. 
High School diploma or GED preferred. 
Customer Service Oriented. 
Excellent communication and organization skills 
Must have valid driver’s license with acceptable driving record. 
Strict adherence to company bio-security procedures (BMS) and Safety (IPS) procedures 
Must be able to work an average 48-50 hour week, which can vary frequently. 
Weekend, evening, and holiday work required as needed. 
Ability to work well with others in fast paced, dynamic environment. 
Ability to be respectful, approachable and team oriented while building strong working relationships and a positive work environment. 
 
Work Environment & Physical Demands:
 
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee should possess to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 Occasionally lift and/or move up to 15 lbs. 
Must be able to drive up to 8 hours per day. 
Vision abilities include close vision, distance vision and ability to adjust focus. 
Careers and Benefits:
 
To learn more about Smithfield’s benefits, visit smithfieldfoods.com/careerbenefits 
 
About Smithfield Foods:
 
Headquartered in Smithfield, Va. since 1936, Smithfield Foods, Inc. is an American food company with agricultural roots and a global reach. Our 43,000 U.S. team members and 16,000 European employees are dedicated to producing “Good food. Responsibly.®” and have made us one of the world’s leading vertically integrated protein companies. We have pioneered sustainability standards for more than two decades, including our industry-leading commitments to become carbon negative in U.S. company-owned operations and reduce GHG emissions 30 percent across our entire U.S. value chain by 2030. We believe in the power of protein to end food insecurity and have donated hundreds of millions of food servings to our neighbors in need. Smithfield boasts a portfolio of high-quality iconic brands, such as Smithfield®, Eckrich® and Nathan’s Famous®, among many others. For more information, visit www.smithfieldfoods.com, and connect with us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram.
 EEO/AA Information:
 
Smithfield is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, gender identity, protected veterans status or status as a disabled individual or any other protected group status or non-job related characteristic as directed by law. Smithfield Foods 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Courier jobs in Robersonville, NC Jobs at Smithfield Foods in Robersonville, NC Courier salaries in Robersonville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Smithfield Foods Smithfield Foods 2,344 reviews Headquartered in Smithfield, Va. since 1936, Smithfield Foods, Inc. is an American food company with agricultural roots and a global reac... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
