
 
 
 
 NLP Engineer - Los Altos, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NLP Engineer Otter.ai Los Altos, CA About Otter.ai 
 
Join us at Otter.ai in transforming the way remote teams work and communicate. Our AI-powered collaborative note-taking app works across Zoom, Google Meet, and Microsoft Teams to help teams record, transcribe, search and share meeting notes. In addition, we are making virtual meetings accessible to all employees - allowing team members with disabilities to participate in a world that is now dominated by virtual meetings. 
 
Try us out today, download Otter.ai in the Appstore and on Google Play or sign up at http://otter.ai 
 
With over 10M users experiencing Otter.ai, we are making an impact at scale and we are growing fast. Our team is made up of top talent from companies like Google, Facebook, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Pinterest, Spotify, and Plaid. We are backed by leading investors that include David Cheriton (Google's first investor), Tim Draper (Draper Associates), Spectrum Equity, Horizons Ventures, GGV Capital, and Duke University. 
 
 About this role 
 
We are seeking an experienced  NLP Engineer (Junior | Senior | Staff)  to join our technology team and solve challenging technical problems in processing collaborative voice conversations. Members of the technology team work as a group and with colleagues in engineering and product to devise and deploy new algorithms for speech recognition, speaker diarization, and language understanding. 
 
 Who you are 
 M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent 
 Strong programming skills with working knowledge of Python 
 You have 1-3 years of experience working on neural network based NLP 
 Familiarity with the state of the art in deep learning 
 Working knowledge of TensorFlow, PyTorch, or similar frameworks 
 Experience working in a Linux environment 
 Team player with good communication skills (oral and written) 
 
 Preferred qualifications 
 Ph.D. in Computer Science, Speech/Language Processing or Machine Learning 
 Experience with MapReduce, Spark, or similar frameworks 
 Experience building crawlers 
 Experience administering Linux clusters 
 Experience developing web applications 
 
 
 Employee Benefits 
 Stock. Be a [literal] stakeholder in our company's future. 
 Food. Enjoy catered meals and boundless snacks. 
 Fun. We host team lunches weekly and team events bi-quarterly. 
 People. Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do. 
 Health and Saving. Receive the benefits of comprehensive health, dental, vision and disability insurance. 
 
 
 Otter.ai is an equal opportunity employer. We proudly celebrate diversity and are dedicated to inclusivity. 
 
 **Please note: Otter.ai does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies without a written agreement in place for permanent placements. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission guidelines (including through our website or via email to any Otter.ai employee) and without a written agreement otherwise will be deemed to be our sole property, and no fee will be paid should we hire the candidate . Otter.ai 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Otter.ai in Los Altos, CA Engineer salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Otter.ai Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
