
 
 
 
 Post Doc Researcher- Reinforcement Learning – Microsoft Research - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doc Researcher- Reinforcement Learning – Microsoft Research Microsoft 7,267 reviews New York, NY Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Call for Postdoctoral Researchers in Reinforcement Learning or Related Areas 
Locations open for consideration: Montreal, New York, Redmond, Cambridge UK 
We want to enable the next generation of machine learning using interactive reinforcement-based approaches to solve real-world problems. 
We seek outstanding applicants in many locations for full-time positions in reinforcement learning and related areas such as natural language processing, computer vision, AI systems, and dialog systems, among others. We particularly seek applicants with expertise that is complementary to the rest of our team and expands the scope and effectiveness of reinforcement learning approaches to both new and existing domains. We encourage candidates with both theoretical and applied interests to apply. 
Microsoft Research offers an exhilarating and supportive environment for cutting-edge, multidisciplinary research, both theoretical and applied, with access to an extraordinary diversity of big and small data sources, an open publications policy, and close links to top academic institutions around the world. We seek applicants with the passion and ability to craft and pursue an independent research program, including a strong publication record at top research venues. 
The Microsoft Research reinforcement learning group includes Alekh Agarwal, Ching-An Cheng, Kamil Ciosek, Hal Daumé III, Sam Devlin, Debadeepta Dey, Miroslav Dudík, Matthew Hausknecht, Katja Hofmann, Sham Kakade, Akshay Krishnamurthy, John Langford, Dipendra Misra, Ida Momennejad, Robert Schapire, Harm van Seijen, Adith Swaminathan, Siddhartha Sen and Cyril Zhang. 
 As a team, we are committed to building an inclusive, diverse and pluralistic research environment. In keeping with this, Microsoft Research is a place where ALL people are able to do their very best work. 
Responsibilities 
As a postdoc, you define your research agenda in collaboration with other researchers, driving forward an effective program of basic, fundamental, and applied research. We highly value collaboration and building new ideas with members of the group and others. You have the direct opportunity to realize your ideas in products and services used worldwide. 
Qualifications 
This role is not to exceed two years. 
Required Qualifications 
PhD (completed or close to completion) in computer science, electrical engineering, statistics, mathematics, or a related field 
A research program demonstrated by 2 or more journal and conference publications in prestigious venues. Examples include but are not limited to: NeurIPS, ICML, COLT, UAI, AISTATS, AAAI, IJCAI, AAMAS, ICLR, ICRA, IROS, CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, ACL, EMNLP, EACL, NAACL, TACL, ICAPS, KDD, WSDM, WWW, JMLR, Ann Stats, JASA, TPAMI, IEEE Trans Image Proc, IEEE Trans Signal Proc, IEEE Trans Info Theory, Mathematical Programming, SIAM Journal on Optimization. 
Preferred Qualifications 
Participation and activity in the scientific community 
Strong communication skills 
The ability to work in a highly collaborative and interdisciplinary environment 
Demonstrated leadership potential in research 
In your application, please provide: 
A CV which lists all peer-reviewed publications and major projects. 
At least 3 reference letters 
A research statement that outlines your research achievements and agenda 
To get started with your application, press the “Apply now” button above. When prompted, provide names and contact information of your references. Upload CV and research statement as separate attachments. Remember to press the “Submit” button at the last screen. 
After you submit your application, the system will send a request for letters to your list of referees on your behalf. Note: The application system will not request reference letters until after you have submitted your application. 
You may wish to alert your letter writers in advance so that they will be ready to submit your letter. While you will not be able to view the letters themselves, you can check the status of individual reference requests within your application. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Microsoft in New York, NY Researcher salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
