
 
 
 
 Product Handler - Perth Amboy, NJ 08861 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Handler The RealReal 194 reviews Perth Amboy, NJ 08861 The RealReal 194 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The  Product   Handler  is a  non-management role  that will support the authentication department via inventory control and product movement to streamline operations within the department. 
 
What You Get To Do Every Day 
 
 Distribute received product to the authentication department 
 Sort and organize product based on level and category 
 Manage intra-authentication product movement 
 Replenish Authenticator's racks as needed throughout the day and ensure the accurate product is readily available for each authenticator to provide minimal workflow disruption 
 Audit product in the production area to ensure: 
 Items are prioritized in date order 
 Items have the proper product tag and are in the right department 
 Scan and track product in authentication locations 
 Unpack and scan units transferred from LCOs and other warehouses 
 Partner with authentication management to understand and support daily processing strategy with the consigner experience at the forefront 
 Manage the flow of exception product by picking up exceptions and consolidating them for management to audit 
 
 What You Bring To The Role 
 
 Able to lift up to 30lbs on a regular basis 
 Ability to troubleshoot and problem solve 
 Able to handle and distribute large quantities of clothing and binned fashion product in a day 
 Strong communication skills 
 Someone who works well independently 
 Great time management skills 
 Understanding of TRR operation pipeline 
 Detail-oriented 
 Ability to prioritize daily tasks 
 Highly motivated and proactive
 The RealReal is the world's largest online marketplace for authenticated, resale luxury goods, with more than 20 million members. With a rigorous authentication process overseen by experts, The RealReal provides a safe and reliable platform for consumers to buy and sell their luxury items. We have hundreds of in-house gemologists, horologists and brand authenticators who inspect thousands of items each day. As a sustainable company, we give new life to pieces by thousands of brands across numerous categories—including women's and men's fashion, fine jewelry and watches, art and home—in support of the circular economy. We make selling effortless with free virtual appointments, in-home pickup, drop-off and direct shipping. We do all of the work for consignors, including authenticating, using AI and machine learning to determine optimal pricing, photographing and listing their items, as well as handling shipping and customer service. At our 13 retail locations, including our eight shoppable stores, customers can sell, meet with our experts and receive free valuations. 
 
The RealReal is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or Veteran status. We will consider qualified applicants for a position regardless of arrest or conviction records, consistent with legal requirements. 
 
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. GHR3700 
 
#LI-NC41 The RealReal 5 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Handler jobs in Perth Amboy, NJ Jobs at The RealReal in Perth Amboy, NJ Handler salaries in Perth Amboy, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from The RealReal The RealReal 194 reviews ABOUT THE REALREAL  
The RealReal is the world’s largest online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods. With 100+ experts... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
