
 
 
 
 Senior Manager, Corporate Strategy - Mountain View, CA 94041 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager, Corporate Strategy Intuit 1,634 reviews Mountain View, CA 94041 Intuit 1,634 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview 
Intuit believes in the power of the individual. The power to do more. To make more. To be more. 
We believe in the people who do things – the hat jugglers, the to-do list gurus, those who love getting it done faster, better, and more efficiently than ever before. Whether that's balancing the household budget, running a business, or paying taxes. 
We believe in these people because we are these people. We thrive on action – and results. And by making things simpler, we all get more out of doing what we love. We're innovators and have been at it for more than three decades. And we don't stand still. 
As the world evolves, so do we – inventing new solutions to solve important problems, perfecting those solutions, and delighting our customers. In short: We’re on a mission to power prosperity around the world. 
We started small in 1983 with Quicken personal finance software, simplifying a common household dilemma: balancing the family checkbook. Today, Intuit is a leading provider of fintech solutions for consumers, SMBs, and the self-employed. You probably know us by our flagship products, TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint, and Credit Karma, which serve over 90 million consumers and seven million small businesses and self-employed across North America, Europe, Australia, and Brazil. 
Just as we transformed before, from DOS to the web, and to the cloud and mobile, we are evolving again to deliver personalized experiences on a trusted, open platform that helps create indispensable connections. 
Supporting our mission, our strategy is to become an AI-driven expert platform and deliver three core benefits to our customers: 
More money - helping put more money in the pockets of our customers 
No Work - eliminating work and drudgery so they can focus on what matters to them 
Complete Confidence - ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make through our do-it-yourself or live expert support platforms 
As the way we live and work evolves, we adapt our strategy to meet and lead these changes. We are committed to creating new and easier ways for consumers and businesses to tackle life's financial chores, giving them more time to live their lives and run their businesses. As our businesses and product lines grow beyond finance and accounting into new areas, we will build on our heritage of innovation. That's not just our history. It's our future. 
About Corporate Strategy and Development: 
Intuit’s Corporate Strategy and Development (CS&D) team is focused on defining and accelerating Intuit’s top strategic priorities. The team works on direction-setting strategy and acquisition initiatives at the corporate level and across all of Intuit’s businesses. The team advises and collaborates with Intuit’s most senior leaders, executive team, and Board of Directors to define both the company’s overall strategy as well as the strategy for specific business lines - with a strong focus on driving growth. The team is responsible for developing the company’s strategic plans, anticipating opportunities and risks, and prioritizing initiatives and investments. CS&D projects drive major investment and resource allocation to build businesses and service lines. Projects are team-based, highly analytical in nature, and include close collaboration with senior executives from across the company. The team is seen as a key source of talent for leadership roles across Intuit. We are a tight-knit team that prides ourselves on being stronger together.
 What you'll bring 
To be successful in this role, the candidate must have the following: 
5+ years of total work experience including 3+ years with a top-tier strategy consulting firm or experience in a respected operating company’s strategy function (MBA preferred) 
Proven team leader with at least 1 year leading teams on high-profile strategic efforts 
Experience owning and managing relationships with senior business stakeholders in the context of challenging cross-functional / cross-organizational projects 
Ability to both lead and support, willing to “go the extra mile” for project and his/her team 
Strong project management skills, including demonstrated ability to think end-to-end and manage long-term projects 
Superior communications (written/verbal), presentation and facilitation skills, and the ability to quickly synthesize information, structure a concise, clear presentation of findings to an executive audience, and prioritize issues as appropriate 
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback 
Passion for excellence and the desire to have a significant impact 
Highly self-motivated and willing to proactively take on leadership roles within project 
How you will lead 
Come join Intuit’s Corporate Strategy and Development team as a Senior Manager focused on growth strategy. We are looking for creative problem solvers and strategic thinkers to join our team. As a Senior Manager, you will drive strategy projects that seek to identify and realize new growth opportunities for Intuit. Your skill set as a strategist will be fully employed to identify high-priority opportunities and conduct research and analysis to develop recommendations that facilitate CEO and/or Board decisions. 
It is essential that the individual selected for this position be able to quickly establish rapport, credibility, trust, and respect throughout the organization, and be viewed as a team player. The CS&D team is viewed as a source of leaders within Intuit and the individual will be expected to employ exceptional leadership skills and a learning mindset to be successful. 
The Senior Manager role offers excellent opportunities to: 
Impact and drive company level strategy and the agendas of senior leaders, the CEO, and Board of Directors 
Develop expertise in a variety of businesses (Consumer, B2B) and functions 
Develop as a leader and people manager 
Gain significant exposure to senior leaders and career progression to other roles within CS&D and across Intuit 
Specific Responsibilities Include: 
Develop and manage work plans to deliver high priority strategic projects, mostly focused on growth 
Frame and structure problems and develop hypotheses that drive the appropriate research and analysis 
Perform quantitative and qualitative analysis on strategic issues, and lead cross-functional teams in problem solving and the execution of research and analysis 
Understand and stay current with the competitive landscape 
Author and deliver presentations, plans, and communications, grounded in data and insights 
Communicate and present strategic analyses and findings to C-level executives 
Develop relationships with mid-level and senior BU leaders and stay up to date with current BU strategic plans 
Provide coaching and mentorship to help junior team members build out their craft skills Intuit 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Corporate Strategy Manager jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Intuit in Mountain View, CA Corporate Strategy Manager salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intuit Intuit 1,634 reviews Intuit is a global technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Our innovative products like TurboTax, QuickB... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
