
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellow - Chicago, IL 60642 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Fellow Northwestern University 518 reviews Chicago, IL 60642 Northwestern University 518 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Department:  MED-Ctr Hlth Svcs Outcomes Res 
 Salary/Grade:  RES/ 
A position for a  postdoctoral research scientist  is available, pending NIH funding, in the research laboratory of Elisa Gordon, PhD, MPH, Professor at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, Department of Surgery-Transplantation, and Center for Health Services and Outcomes Research, in Chicago, IL. Candidates interested in advancing their research career and who have experience supporting underrepresented minorities and/or rural areas, particularly African American/BIPOC communities, are strongly encouraged to apply. 
Responsibilities :
 The candidate will collaborate with Dr. Gordon to prepare and submit an NIH grant application in response to the funding opportunity “Research Supplement to Promote Diversity in Health-Related Research” as part of Dr. Gordon’s NIH R01 grant. This Research Supplement is designed to fulfill the NIH’s goal of promoting diversity in health-related research among individuals from racial and ethnic groups who have been underrepresented in health-related sciences.
 If the application gets funded, the candidate will undertake career development activities under the mentorship of Dr. Gordon and conduct an independent research project on a topic relating to Dr. Gordon’s grant for 1 or 2 years. The research project must relate to at least one of the following topics: genetic testing in the African American/Black population, ethics of genetic testing, integrating genetic testing into clinical practice, living kidney donation, training physicians to deliver genetic counseling, culturally sensitive interventions, and artificial intelligence (i.e., chatbots) in the transplant context. The candidate may suggest other grant-related topics not listed above during the preparation phase. 
Requirements: 
 Applicants must have a PhD in health services research, health sciences, genetics, or a related field, from an accredited institution.
 Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. 
Minimum Qualifications : 
 Qualified candidates should be highly motivated and independent with strong interests in health disparities.
 Candidates should have experience conducting empirical research in health services research or a related field, including data collection and analysis. 
 An established track record of first author publications in a related topic is desirable. Northwestern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Northwestern University in Chicago, IL Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northwestern University Northwestern University 518 reviews Northwestern University is a private research university with 12 schools and more than 21,000 students across three campuses. Beyond bein... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
