
 
 
 
 React Front End Developers - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search React Front End Developers Infogain 187 reviews Austin, TX Infogain 187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Infogain is seeking a React Front End Developers for our customer visual design teams with focus on great user experience. Your day to day will be implementing user experiences in collaboration with their Product Designers, API Developers and other Frontend Developers 
 
 CANDIDATE PROFILE 
 
Experience in creating web applications ,user experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 
Experience working with REST APIs , Version control - Git 
Experience in Writing Clean & Readable code in TDD 
Familiarity with ReactJS, Karma and Object-Oriented JavaScript 
Knowledge in Ruby on Rails, ES6, Webpack is a plus. 
Experience in creating responsive pages ,cross-platform and cross- browser support 
Ability to clearly communicate thoughts and ideas by rapid prototyping. 
Familiarity with debugging tools of all major browsers. 
Solid intuition and strong passion for detailed user interaction 
 
ABOUT THE COMPANY 
 
Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in travel, retail, insurance and high technology. We accelerate the delivery of digital customer engagement systems using digital technologies such as cloud, microservices, robotic process automation and artificial intelligence to our clients. 
 
Our unique engagement approach of Listen-Curate-Deliver helps to accelerate the innovation journey of 5 of the world’s largest 50 companies and 24 of the Fortune 500, with several relationships of over 10 years. 
We deliver positive business outcomes using rapid prototyping and a solid foundation of DevOps-based software platform engineering that ensure high-quality and on-time delivery. 
 
Our 4,000 global employees across the US, UK, Singapore, Middle East and India focus on client value creation, delivery excellence and innovation. Infogain 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Infogain in Austin, TX Front End Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Infogain Infogain 187 reviews Infogain is a Silicon Valley headquartered company with software platform engineering and deep domain expertise in the travel, retail, in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
