
 
 
 
 Law Enforcement Transcript Editors - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Law Enforcement Transcript Editors VIQ Solutions Remote Remote Contract Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description As Law Enforcement agencies transition to a technology-driven workflow, VIQ Solutions is a leader in providing transcription and caption-to-verbatim text editing services to various industries - with specific focus on the Law Enforcement/Criminal Justice Vertical. 
 We are currently testing for experienced Law Enforcement/Criminal Justice contract candidates. This is a 100% remote opportunity for Independent Contractors. 
 Content to be covered includes jailhouse recordings, interrogations, field recordings, and other audio/video related to routine Law Enforcement/Criminal Justice workflows. The work will involve intense attention to detail in discerning what is said and excellent grammar. In this role you will process audio recordings, strictly adhering to style guides, to edit AI-generated text to verbatim transcripts. 
 As an independent contractor for VIQ Solutions, candidates will have the opportunity to set their own schedule and receive guidance from our supportive, in-office team whenever needed. We have work available 24/7/365 to fit any schedule. Those with weekend availability are encouraged to apply. 
 
 Skill Requirements: 
 Excellent Listening Skills 
 Adherence to Deadlines and Client-Specific Style Guides 
 Outstanding Literacy Skills - including comprehension, spelling, and grammar 
 Ability to Collaborate Remotely 
 Typing Proficiency in both Speed and Accuracy 
 Ability to Process Extreme Audio/Text Content (content may be offensive) 
 Ability to Pass a Background Check 
 Must be a US Citizen. [Currently, this opportunity is not available to Massachusetts or California residents.] 
 Experience transcribing and/or caption-to-verbatim text editing Law Enforcement/Criminal Justice content, including police recordings and court proceedings is preferred but not essential. 
 
 Candidates without transcription or caption-to-verbatim text editing experience who otherwise meet the above criteria and have a Law Enforcement/Criminal Justice background or interest are encouraged to apply. 
 Technology is at the heart of our company. To utilize our global, cutting-edge transcription technology, you will need: 
 Equipment Requirements: 
 High-speed internet 
 Computer or laptop with a minimum of 8 GB RAM 
 Noise-canceling Quality Headphones 
 Windows 10 (If you are not sure of which version of Windows you have, one way you can check is by pressing Windows logo key + R, type: winver, then selecting OK) 
 Antivirus program with daily virus definition updates (Except Webroot antivirus) 
 Infinity Foot Pedal (highly recommended) 
 
 Rates are paid per audio minute. Payments are made twice monthly via direct deposit. VIQ Solutions 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Law Enforcement Officer jobs in Remote Jobs at VIQ Solutions in Remote Law Enforcement Officer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from VIQ Solutions Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
