
 
 
 
 Engineering - Northridge, CA 91330 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering California State University 1,099 reviews Northridge, CA 91330 California State University 1,099 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Department:  Mechanical Engineering 
 
Faculty Hire Number:  22-08 
 
Rank:  Assistant Professor 
 
Emphasis : Fluid Mechanics 
 
Effective Date of Appointment:  August 24, 2022(Subject to Budgetary Approval) 
 
Salary:  Dependent upon qualifications 
 
CSUN’s Commitment to You: 
 
CSUN is committed to achieving excellence through teaching, scholarship, learning and inclusion. As an HSI (Hispanic Serving Institution), CSUN welcomes candidates whose experience in teaching, research, or community service has prepared them to contribute to our commitment to diversity and inclusive excellence. Our values include a respect for all people, building partnerships with the community and the encouragement of innovation, experimentation and creativity. CSUN strives to cultivate a community in which a diverse population can learn and work in an atmosphere of civility and respect. CSUN is especially interested in candidates who make contributions to equity and inclusion in the pursuit of excellence for all members of the university community. 
 
For more information about the University, visit our website at: http://www.csun.edu 
 
About the College: 
 
The College of Engineering and Computer Science seeks to be a recognized center for excellence for baccalaureate and masters education in computer science and engineering. The College provides quality education for its students. It is also a partner in the professional communities of computer science and engineering and provides an essential link between students' education and professional practice. See: https://www.csun.edu/engineering-computer-science 
 
 About the Department: 
 
The mission of the Mechanical Engineering department is to provide a broad, rigorous, application-oriented, and contemporary understanding of mechanical engineering that prepares graduates for successful careers and lifelong learning. The Mechanical Engineering faculty is committed to providing a supportive student-centered environment for their students. The emphasis areas within the department include controls and robotics, energy and thermal-fluid systems, as well as mechanical design. MS programs in each of the areas include the option for a unique thesis experience. The emphasis areas within the department include controls and robotics, energy and thermal-fluid systems, as well as mechanical design, see: https://www.csun.edu/engineering-computer-science/mechanical-engineering 
 
Qualifications: 
 
A Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related discipline from an accredited university. The candidate must demonstrate a strong commitment to effective teaching and research in the area of fluid mechanics at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Candidates are expected to have experience with advanced analysis tools and a broad background in Mechanical Engineering. Candidates must demonstrate a specialization in either experimental methodologies or computational analysis/simulation of complex models involving fluids. The ability to develop and conduct an effective experimental or computational/numerical research program in fluid-structure-interactions, turbulent flows, the flow of complex fluids, or bio-inspired fluid mechanics areas is expected. Candidates with a strong background in data science and/or artificial intelligence are particularly encouraged to apply. Demonstrated proficiency in both written and oral communication in English is required. 
 
We are seeking highly qualified candidates committed to a career in research and teaching. The successful candidate will be responsible for mentoring graduate and undergraduate students, teaching courses at the graduate and undergraduate levels, developing new student design projects, and building a strong externally sponsored research program, in line with the university and college goals and priorities. 
 
CSUN is a Learning Centered University. The successful candidate will be expected to join faculty and staff in a commitment to active learning, participate in the assessment of learning outcomes, and identify multiple pathways that enable students to graduate. 
 
Candidates must demonstrate a commitment and ability to teach, mentor and work with a diverse student population. 
 
At time of appointment, the successful candidate, if not a U.S. citizen, must have authorization from the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) to work in the United States. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
Teaching responsibilities include instruction in undergraduate and graduate courses, and participation in and supervision of student design projects. Candidates are expected to supervise Masters theses and provide academic and professional advisement to undergraduate and graduate students. Initiation and maintenance of creative scholarly activities, as well as an externally funded research program, is expected. Active and effective participation in curriculum development, assessment and accreditation, and other departmental activities as well as participation in professional and student organizations (e.g., ASME, ASEE) are normative expectations. The successful candidate will be held to the standards and requirements of the college and department in which he/she is housed for recommending tenure and promotion. 
 
Application Deadline:
 Screening of applications will begin  October 1, 2021 . Priority will be given to applicants who meet the screening deadline; however, the position will remain open until filled. 
 
Applicants must submit a cover letter that contains specific content that addresses: 1) how you would make a unique contribution to the department; 2) a preliminary plan for establishing your independent research program; 3) your experience working with a diverse population. Applicants must submit the cover letter, curriculum vitae, a research statement, a teaching statement, and the names, titles, addresses, and telephone numbers of at least three individuals who can speak to the candidate’s potential for success in this position to the address in the section below. In later phases of the search process, applicants may be requested to provide verification of terminal degrees, licenses and certificates. 
 
How to Apply: 
 
Candidates should apply by completing the CSUN online application. To submit an application and for more detailed information on the application and hiring process, please visit this link: www.csun.edu/careers 
 
General Information: 
 
In compliance with the Annual Security Report & Fire Safety Report of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, California State University, Northridge has made crime-reporting statistics available on-line here. Print copies are available by request from the Department of Police Services, the Office for Faculty Affairs, and the Office of Equity and Diversity. 
 
The person holding this position may be considered a 'mandated reporter' under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. 
 
A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position. 
 
CSUN is an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, and disability. Our nondiscrimination policy is set forth in CSU Executive Order 1096. Reasonable accommodations will be provided for applicants with disabilities who self-disclose by contacting the Department of Mechanical Engineering at  818-677-2187 . California State University 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Northridge, CA Jobs at California State University in Northridge, CA Engineer salaries in Northridge, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from California State University California State University 1,099 reviews The California State University offers unlimited opportunities to help students fulfill their personal and professional goals. 

At our... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
