
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Associate - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Associate University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences is committed to creating an environment that affirms diversity across a variety of dimensions, including ability, class, ethnicity/race, gender identity, and expression. We particularly welcome applicants who can contribute to such an environment through their scholarship, teaching, mentoring, and professional service. We strongly encourage historically underrepresented groups to apply. 
If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352-392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800-955-8771 (TDD) or visit Accessibility at UF. 
The Best Management Practices (BMPs) Program at Soil and Water Sciences Department, University of Florida, headed by Dr. Lakesh Sharma, is expanding its scope and seeks a highly motivated postdoctoral research associate with experience in DSSAT & other related modeling tools, soil nutrient management, water quality improvement, and project management to join our team. This is a 12-month postdoctoral associate position that will be 100% research at the Soil and Water Sciences Department,   Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences, the University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, focusing on designing tools to improve nutrient management in the agriculture system. This assignment may change in accordance with the needs of the unit. The postdoctoral associate will work on the row and vegetable crop BMPs program with a multidisciplinary research team at the Soil and Water Sciences Department other UF facilities. 
The postdoctoral associate will 1) design and implement experimental design for the research projects associated with calibration of soil phosphorus and nitrogen testing and fertilizer recommendations, 2) implement treatments and assist with maintenance of experiments in the field 3) interpret results, input data, and conduct statistical analysis and develop crop models using DSSAT and other available tools. The position will require working with an artificial intelligence team for the input of data into databases. The postdoctoral associate will be required to publish in peer-reviewed journals. This position includes supervision of graduate students and Biological Scientist, and hourly wage employees in field experiments, data collection, and sample preparation. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Minimum qualifications: Ph.D.  A doctorate (foreign equivalent acceptable) in soil science, agronomy, horticulture, agricultural engineering, or a closely related discipline is required. Candidates should have demonstrated skills in verbal and written communication and interpersonal relationships. Candidates must be supportive of the mission of the Land Grant system. Candidates must also have a commitment to IFAS core values of excellence, diversity, global involvement, and accountability. Extensive background in crop modeling and nutrient management is essential, including designing and constructing new BMPs. This position requires excellent English-speaking skills to talk to crop producers and other stakeholders. A valid driver’s license is required for this position as travel is involved to visit the research sites. 
Preferred qualifications:  Postdoctoral experience is desirable. 
 INSTRUCTIONS 
Application review will begin on November 1, 2021, and will continue until a suitable candidate is identified. 
Please submit the following at http://apply.interfolio.com/94069: 
resume, 
cover letter, 
and contact information of 3 references 
For questions related to this position, please contact : 
Lakesh K. Sharma, Ph.D. 
Assistant Professor | Soil Fertility and Sustainable Nutrient Management Specialist | State Ag BMP Coordinator 
Soil and Water Sciences Dept. | University of Florida | IFAS 
2181 McCarty Hall A 
Gainesville, FL 32611-0290 
Office: 352-294-3167 
Cell: 352-363-7040 
Email: lakesh.sharma@ufl.edu 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialling service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call 352/392-2477 or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#category=64 
 
OPEN DATE 
Sep 7, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
60210000 - AG-SOIL AND WATER SCIENCE University of Florida 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
