
 
 
 
 Knowledge Entry Specialist - Austin, TX 78731 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Knowledge Entry Specialist Cycorp Austin, TX 78731 Temporarily remote $16 - $22 an hour  -   Part-time Job details Salary $16 - $22 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Our knowledge entry specialists support the knowledge acquisition process for our AI Platform, Cyc, to give the platform the knowledge it needs to reason logically. 
Description 
Cycorp is an AI software company focused on Machine Reasoning for the enterprise. Our AI Platform, Cyc, is the world’s foremost knowledge representation, logical inference and symbolic reasoning platform. Cyc uses common sense and domain specific knowledge to reason about the world using predicate logic in order to solve real world problems. For example, it is used to parse natural language, help guide patients through healthcare settings, identify and address supply chain issues, provide root-cause analysis for oil well performance issues, and much more. 
Our knowledge entry specialists support the knowledge collection and representation process. This work cuts across many of Cycorp’s internal and external projects by aligning client knowledge, external knowledge sources and the Cyc platform ontology, using knowledge entry tools to rapidly expand Cyc’s ability to reason. Other tasks are likely to include supplementing Cyc’s knowledge of a wide variety of common sense phenomena. 
Job Purpose 
For the last 38 years, our 50-person team has been building and commercializing Cyc, the world’s only AI that deeply understands what it’s reasoning about (as opposed to strictly statistical machine learning and limited-logic knowledge-graph searching). Human-level Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) only needs to be created once. Now that we are nearing our goal, we’re looking for people to join our team to help us push across the finish line. As a knowledge entry specialist, you will help flesh out the framework that our ontologists and programmers have built, expanding Cyc’s knowledge of the world. Your work will involve using knowledge entry tools to rapidly expand Cyc’s ability to reason about many topics. You should be capable of working efficiently, receiving feedback/coaching and have an interest in artificial intelligence. A background in logic, philosophy or computer science is not required but will be useful. 
What it’s like to work as an Knowledge Entry Specialist 
Most of the work happens in teams, so KE specialists need to be able to communicate effectively and work collaboratively with their colleagues. 
Cycorp uses the knowledge base to ground all of its projects, which means that KE specialists can be called on to assist in fleshing out Cyc’s knowledge base in many different fields. 
Qualifications 
You must have completed or be actively enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate program. 
You must be capable of following predetermined protocols for knowledge representation. 
You must be self-motivated and have an interest in artificial intelligence. Cycorp emphasizes having great and creative employees over having a rigid structured environment. 
You must be efficient and rigorous. Tasks can involve entering a significant amount of knowledge, and correctness is vital. 
Non-requirements that are pluses 
software experience 
familiarity with formal logic, especially higher order logic 
data format experience 
Notice
 Cycorp is headquartered in Austin, Texas, and applications are understood to be for regular, full or part time employment. Cycorp is an equal opportunity employer. Our employees have been highly effective during COVID-19, working from home, and our tentative plan is to have that continue post-COVID for those who wish to do so. We conform to all the laws, statutes, and regulations concerning equal employment opportunities and affirmative action. We strongly encourage women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans to apply to all of our job openings. We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, age, disability status, Genetic Information & Testing, Family & Medical Leave, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We prohibit retaliation against individuals who bring forth any complaint, orally or in writing, to the employer or the government, or against any individuals who assist or participate in the investigation of any complaint or otherwise oppose discrimination. Cycorp will hire only persons authorized to work in the United States and will verify identity and eligibility for employment, and complete Form I-9 for all new employees on the date of hire. Cycorp 1 day ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Cycorp in Austin, TX Specialist salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cycorp Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
