
 
 
 
 MR Technical Specialist - DPS - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MR Technical Specialist - DPS Microsoft 7,267 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us build our culture and achieve our mission. 
 
The Device Partner Sales (DPS) team plays a critical role in achieving this mission. We build, market and sell intelligent edge and intelligent cloud devices and solutions with partners, including OEMs, device distribution channels, original design manufacturers, and Silicon providers. We work closely with our device ecosystem and internal business groups to build devices that consume our cloud, innovate with device partners, and transform how we sell devices and services with partners. 
 
Opportunities in DPS are expansive because we span the entire product lifecycle - from incubation, prototyping, and portfolio planning to the design-in, sell-in, and sell-through motions that help our partners engage consumers, students, and businesses worldwide. As a member of our team, you’ll be part of growing a multi-billion-dollar business, charting new areas of innovation, and contributing to our partnership engagements that build, market and launch devices and solutions worldwide. You will also be part of a people-first culture leading with inclusion and values that supports a growth mindset, diversity, and inclusion. If that appeals to you, it’s an exciting time to be here in DPS. 
#msftgps 
Responsibilities 
As a Mixed Reality Technical Specialist, you are expected to advocate for customer/partner objectives while discovering new opportunities for the sales team to pursue. As a Mixed Reality Specialist, you work within a virtual team of technical, partner and consulting resources to help educate your customers at a technical level, demonstrate and prove the value of our solutions, and win the technical decision through credible reference architectures that allow the team to exceed their Objectives & Key Results in context of the success criteria defined by our customers/partners. Being part of this team will allow you to maintain and develop your deep technical expertise across Microsoft and non-Microsoft cloud-based infrastructure technologies and help you expand your career opportunities. 
Key areas of responsibility:
 Gathering Insights : Act as a Mixed Reality thought leader in synthesizing and assessing business insights, drawing on information across teams, global best practices, experience across countries and regions, and deep industry expertise. Orchestrate teams across the organization to gather and utilize information on the Mixed Reality customer or partner. Bring in business and industry insights to address the broader business challenges for the customer or partner. Ensure execution of technology strategy and adoption of Mixed Reality and IoT technology at our customers and partners. 
Trusted Advisor : Act as the voice of the partner and internal advocate by providing insights, feedback, and challenges from the partner to internal teams. Identify and contact partner TDMs/BDMs and begin to advise on Mixed Reality solutions/opportunities and position Mixed Reality offerings. Act as a trusted advisor to internal teams at Microsoft by educating teams on the portfolio of available and upcoming Mixed Reality products, providing business insights, and identify challenges with implementation of Microsoft strategy with the customer or partner, to deepen their understanding of Microsoft's strategy/offer. 
Building Portfolio/Delivering Key Technologies : Lead Mixed Reality design-in and portfolio planning, identifies key technologies in alignment with sales team needs to integrate into customer or partner portfolio, and work with customer/partner to get feedback on solutions and align with sales team needs. Scale Mixed Reality technologies out to new customers/partners. Manage planning and execution to drive key Mixed Reality technologies to market by leading regular meetings with customers/partners, driving long lead planning and preventing escalated issues. Consider product manufacturing and launch activities and engage as needed to ensure Mixed Reality landing. 
Value Selling : Adapt and build in Microsoft Mixed Reality technology and solutions for relevancy within the customer/partner portfolio to meet business objectives and competitive advantage; help shape the business case for the customer/partner and deliver the pitch. Drive conversations to align the customer/partner's strengths to identify maximum value opportunities and relevancy for commercial success. Identify potential investment opportunities. 
Thought Leadership : Participate in internal and external tech community events, become a mentor to junior colleagues to provide technical education, and create content to present at events and contribute to thought leadership. Help the customer/partner to be successful, across multiple groups at an executive level, with their technology implementations and digital transformations by helping to anticipate issues and how to address them. Identify multipliers for technology adoption. Ensure that Mixed Reality solutions meets customer/partner needs while also optimizing the Mixed Reality solutions to drive technology. 
Scale Customer Engagements 
Anticipates customer needs and issues through data gathering. 
Uses knowledge of customer context and solution or portfolio expertise to build credibility with customers.
 Ensures technical wins for core technologies by independently driving technical discussions with customers. Improves customer interactions through feedback and observation. 
Engages other resources, leveraging basic resource knowledge, for key areas of technology as needed to overcome technical blockers on assigned technology set. 
 Scale Through Partners 
Engages in partner sell-with scenarios by collaborating with partners to carry out technical engagement activities and acting as a source of trusted partner knowledge. 
Supports partner technical capacity by identifying resources to scale and aligning with Microsoft training offerings. 
 Build Strategy 
Shares competitive insights from customer sessions with colleagues and escalates competitive situations to influence compete strategies. 
Provides strategic, technical input based on Microsoft capability at the account level to contribute to strategy development. 
Tailors Microsoft messaging to audience and captures and shares customer feedback using knowledge of specific Microsoft solutions and their context in a competitive landscape. 
Solution Design and Proof 
Demonstrates and oversees demonstrations (e.g., architectural design sessions, proof of concept [POC] sessions) of solutions based on specific Microsoft products through initial engagements. Leverages partner/customer teams as needed to prove product capabilities and integration into customer environment. 
Presents and applies reference architectures to partners or customers for their technology sets. 
Expands awareness of and begins practicing digital transformation sales methodologies (e.g., challenger sales). 
 Education 
Consumes and leverages readiness materials to expand domain knowledge and practices expertise by communicating with customers, partners, and senior colleagues to expand knowledge of architecture. 
Demonstrates new and updated products to increase internal virtual teams' product understanding. 
Participates as a member in the Microsoft tech community, attends community calls, sessions, hackathons, etc., and acts as a resource for their technology area. 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
4+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience 
OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 3+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience 
OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field AND 2+ years of technical pre-sales or technical consulting experience 
OR equivalent experience. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
We’re looking for a passionate and competent MR Technical Specialist with a proven track record in 3D technical solutions development and competent customer implementation support in commercial enterprise. All candidates must have deep industry line of business delivery experience. The ideal candidate understands the relevant use cases for commercial augmented reality applications and can help our customers/partners prioritize the highest business value return and make the correct technical recommendations which often combine IoT & AI solutions. The ideal candidate can also help customers/partners implement both Microsoft 1st party & 3rd party Mixed Reality solutions. 
Experienced 3D technical competency building and deployment enterprise applications with real world application. 
Deep technical understanding and appreciation for the variety of MDM, Security, Authentication & advanced infrastructural customer environments you will likely face in role. 
Strong technical proficiency with Unity, Unreal, OpenGL, Web GL & DirectX. 
Certification in relevant technologies or disciplines (e.g., Office 365, Power BI, Azure Architect and Development exams, Cloud Platform Technologies, Information Security, Architecture). 
Comfortable with multiple projects at once, able to prioritize and manage through ambiguity and achieve strong business results. 
Self-starter, highly motivated, collaborative team player who has a proven track record of developing teams and leaders. 
Strong passion for hardware and technology, results-focused connector mentality, curious, inclusive, and solution-oriented leader. 
Technical / Market intelligence and customer insight to determine value proposition and partner opportunity. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 23 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Specialist jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Technical Specialist salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
