
 
 
 
 Atmospheric Data Scientist - Pennsylvania - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Atmospheric Data Scientist AccuWeather Careers Pennsylvania Remote COMPANY 
 
AccuWeather, recognized and documented as the most accurate source of weather forecasts and warnings in the world, has saved tens of thousands of lives, prevented hundreds of thousands of injuries and tens of billions of dollars in property damage. With global headquarters in State College, Pennsylvania, and other offices around the world, AccuWeather serves more than 1.5 billion people daily to help them plan their lives and get more out of their day through digital media properties, such as AccuWeather.com and mobile, as well as radio, television, newspapers, and the 24/7 AccuWeather Network channel and AccuWeather NOW streaming service. AccuWeather serves more than half of Fortune 500 companies and thousands of businesses globally. Additionally, AccuWeather produces and distributes news, weather content, and video for more than 180,000 third-party websites. Among AccuWeather's many innovative and award-winning features available free to the public are MinuteCast® Minute by Minute™ forecasts with Superior Accuracy ™, the patented AccuWeather RealFeel® Temperature, and AccuWeather RealImpact™ Scale for Hurricanes. 
 
Dr. Joel N. Myers, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, established AccuWeather in 1962 and is considered the "father of modern commercial meteorology." Dr. Myers, a leading creative thinker and visionary, has been named "the most accurate man in weather" by  The New York Times  and one of the top entrepreneurs in American history by  Entrepreneur's Encyclopedia of Entrepreneurs . 
 
SUMMARY 
 
Reporting directly to the Vice President of Science, Innovation and Development, the Atmospheric Data Scientist will be responsible for developing, testing, and implementing methodologies for continuous improvements in AccuWeather's digital forecast technologies. 
 
You will apply your knowledge and experience with numerical weather prediction models and data, post processing methodologies, and atmospheric science to keep AccuWeather at the forefront of forecast accuracy. With great freedom to innovate, you will play a role in world-class development that will drive the future of weather forecasting. In this hands-on role, you will team up with an innovative and vibrant team of scientists and technologists to support the development of to develop and deliver breakthrough solutions. 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Provide subject matter expertise in forecasting science, including understanding of modern approaches to bias correction, post processing, and machine learning approaches. 
 Explore, test, and implement advanced forecasting science techniques that push boundaries in weather forecasting. 
 Stay abreast of best practices, performance, and trends in global numerical weather prediction. 
 Design and build scientific, statistical, and machine learning technologies that supports continuous improvements in AccuWeather's global forecasting system. 
 Work with innovative machine learning technologists to enhance artificial intelligence approaches into AccuWeather's forecasting system. 
 Develop new and unique outputs and tools to advance the decision-making process and situational awareness for operational meteorologists and customers. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 Masters degree or high level degree in Atmospheric Science or similar, relevant field. 
 2 or more years of demonstrated experience working with global and regional numerical weather prediction models. 
 Experience with high volume spatial and temporal datasets. 
 Desire and interest in keeping up to date on what is and what is possible in forecasting technology. 
 Self-driven with excellent problem-solving skills 
 Demonstrated ability to be adaptable, proactive, and willing to take ownership 
 Creative problem solving and attention to detail 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 AccuWeather is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity to all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity/expression), sexual orientation, age, ancestry, physical or mental disability, marital status, political affiliation, religion, citizenship status, genetic information, veteran status, or any other basis protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. View the EEO is the Law poster   here   and its supplement   here . The pay transparency policy is available   here . 
 
AccuWeather is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment  process, please send an e-mail to   human.resources@accuweather.com   and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. AccuWeather Careers 26 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Pennsylvania Jobs at AccuWeather Careers in Pennsylvania Data Scientist salaries in Pennsylvania Company Info Follow Get job updates from AccuWeather Careers Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
