
 
 
 
 African Ambassadors for Human Language Project - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search African Ambassadors for Human Language Project Taus Remote Remote Contract Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Location:  Remote 
 Position type:  commission-based, independent contractor 
 Regions 
 Nigeria covering Hausa, Yoruba, Igbo 
 East and Southern Africa covering Swahili 
 South Africa covering Xhosa, Zulu 
 Human Language Project (HLP) 
 At TAUS we have a dedicated data services platform named Human Language Project (HLP), where we provide language data enhancement work (translation, evaluation, labeling, etc.) to build language data sets primarily in low-resource languages. 
 This type of data is mainly meant for AI/ML purposes like Machine Translation engines training, which are in high demand for the less digitally represented languages. Though we normally work with non-professional workers, we aim at cooperating with highly educated multilingual speakers, targeting for example (language) university students. All work is performed on our online platform, where workers can claim and perform the necessary work at their own pace. 
 Profile 
 TAUS Ambassador is a good networker with solid connections on the local academic/business scene, able to quickly develop and manage local communities of Human Language Project workers. S/he also has good project management skills, ensuring that there is always sufficient capacity for running and upcoming projects. They will work with reviewers to supervise the quality of the language data and will perform the weekly payments to our workers. 
 Responsibilities 
 Recruiting HLP workers with the right language fluency and domain knowledge; 
 Planning and controlling capacity for the ongoing projects; 
 Supervising quality of the language data and the resources on the HLP Platform; 
 Managing weekly payments to all eligible workers. 
 Position 
 TAUS Ambassador is an independent contractor, working on a commission basis. 
 Interested? 
 Please write to Luc van Kemenade at luc@taus.net Taus 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Ambassador jobs in Remote Jobs at Taus in Remote Ambassador salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Taus Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
