
 
 
 
 Director, Data Science - Remote - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Data Science - Remote AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 1,250 reviews Atlanta, GA Remote AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 1,250 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary From $112,500 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description This position is a remote role, open anywhere throughout the United States. 
 
Save lives. Fulfill yours. 
At the American Cancer Society, we're leading the fight for a world without cancer. Our employees and 1.5 million volunteers are raising the bar every single day. We actively seek candidates from diverse backgrounds including communities of color, the LGBTQ community, veterans, and people with disabilities. The greater the diversity of our people, the better we can serve our communities. 
 
The people who work at the American Cancer Society focus their diverse talents on our lifesaving mission. It is a calling. And the people who answer it are fulfilled. 
JOB SUMMARY 
The Director of Data Science is a part of our expanding global Data & Analytics team drives data science at ACS. We partner with our business to influence strategy and decision-making and empower our internal customers by providing education and thought leadership on implementing analytics in the business environments. The Director of Data Science is responsible for productize our business intelligence efforts, partner with Digital Marketing team to improve our customer experience, and our research team are effectively using data science tools to deliver amazing insights. In addition, the role follows the Center of Excellence model to help business analysts throughout the Society become more data literate, more capable answering questions and more able to solve problems utilizing data science tools. This role will help grow and lead the team and set the pattern for how data science will be delivered at ACS. 
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
Leads a team of data analysts, developers, architects supporting internal lines of business 
Chairs the Data Science Center of Excellence and provide education and thought leadership on driving data science at ACS. 
Provides coaching and guidance on data science best practices, not only to your immediate team but also to the entire organization 
Creates robust analytic and data science products in key areas (e.g. Digital Marketing, Population Science, HR, etc.) 
Implements a wide array of analytic techniques including Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) 
Partners with business leadership and execute on project portfolio aimed at business value 
Partners with regional team and digital team to design prototypes and vertical solutions to improve the current customer experience 
Develops and delivers training curriculum on data science leveraging existing tools (e.g. Power BI, Snowflake, SAS, R, etc.) 
Sets financial, operational and quality objectives for the unit and develops master operational plans. Plans, develops and manages departmental expense and capital budgets. 
OTHER FUNCTIONS 
Keep abreast of new trends, and changes in the data science industry. 
Provides status reports and presentations to IT and ACS leadership staff. 
Undertakes specialized projects, studies, and assignments as requested by IT and ACS leadership team. 
 
Position Requirements: 
FORMAL KNOWLEDGE: 
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. 
A minimum of 10 years’ experience in IT and 5 years’ experience in data analytics. 
At least 5 years of leadership experience in managing multiple cross-functional teams or projects and influencing senior level management and key stakeholders. 
Experience in working across broad number of domains (e.g. Sales, Marketing, HR, Finance, Research, etc.) 
Requires advanced knowledge of data management, statistical analysis, data visualization and software programming. 
Advanced knowledge in digital marketing and/or population science a plus. 
 Other skills: 
Outstanding internal and external relationship building skills with a demonstrated ability to collaborate, lead, negotiate, and mentor. 
Furnish top level advice and consultation concerning the costs of data science center. 
Ability to effectively hire, organize, direct, evaluate and retain a professional staff. 
Communicate effectively both orally and in writing; make decisions and draw conclusions. 
Knowledge of all aspects of Information Technology. 
Strong proactive communicator and change management leader who has been instrumental in leading successful initiatives. 
Ability to oversee multiple technology initiatives. 
Demonstrated ability to work and provide guidance across departments and divisions in both a team and matrixed environment. 
Self-motivated and able to organize work for others. 
Able to work quickly with attention to detail including high-pressure situations. 
Ability to communicate technical concepts to a broad range of technical and non-technical staff. 
SPECIALIZED TRAINING OR KNOWLEDGE: 
Knowledge of the Salesforce, Snowflake, Business Object, SAS, R, and Power BI 
The full compensation range established for this position begins at a minimum of $112,500 annually.* Actual starting pay may differ based on non-discriminatory factors including, but not limited to, geographic location, experience, skills, specialty, and education. *This rate is specific to Colorado. 
 
ACS provides staff a generous paid time off policy; medical, dental, retirement benefits, wellness programs, and professional development programs to enhance staff skills. Further details on our benefits can be found on our careers site at: jobs.cancer.org/benefits. We are a proud equal opportunity employer. American Cancer Society 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY in Atlanta, GA Director of Data Science salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 1,250 reviews The American Cancer Society is the nationwide community-based voluntary health organization dedicated to eliminating cancer as a major he... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
