
 
 
 
 Director, Vaccines RWE Scientist - Massachusetts - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Vaccines RWE Scientist Pfizer 5,932 reviews Massachusetts Remote Full-time Pfizer 5,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ROLE SUMMARY
 The Real World Evidence (RWE) Center of Excellence (CoE) is a rapidly expanding group that provides integrated, end-to-end RWE optimization, education, communication, and maximization of data partnerships’ value within therapeutic areas (TAs) to meet both core and innovative Development, Regulatory and Commercial needs to support breakthroughs to change patients’ lives.
 The Vaccines TA is responsible for creating one of the greatest health advancements of all time, resulting in control, near-elimination or elimination of infectious diseases that were once pervasive. Cross-functional pipeline and asset teams create and deliver vaccines for high impact infections such as pneumococcal disease, meningitis, hospital acquired infections, maternal and infant infections, COVID-19 and exploratory anti-cancer vaccines.
 Within the Global RWE CoE, a dedicated team of RWE Scientists reporting to the Vaccines RWE Lead will support the Vaccines TA, including inline programs, pipeline programs, the mRNA platform, and other special projects. The Director, Vaccines RWE Scientist will lead RWE delivery of rapid feasibility assessments, real world insights (RWI) and easy-to-understand summary reports by understanding pipeline / asset teams’ objectives and timelines. They will co-develop RWE protocols in collaboration with the cross-functional asset teams and RWE Biostatistics. The Director, Vaccines RWE Scientist will provide guidance on the most appropriate types of data, datasets, and methodology for a given problem, and coordinate RWE project execution with appropriate internal and partner analytic resources and tools. They will ensure the development of consistent business rules, versioning rules as care pathways evolve, standards and procedures.
 The Director, Vaccines RWE Scientist will work closely with the Vaccines RWE Lead and cross-functional teams on assets’ RWE strategy development. They will direct the RWE cross-functional teams’ work with pipeline / asset teams to integrate RWE into their strategic plans and will use these plans to identify key RWE teams’ external data partnership opportunities. They will oversee data procurement activities (e.g., landscape assessments and due diligence or supporting contract development for external studies). They will act as a subject matter expert in RWE studies and lead projects independently. They will also have the opportunity to mentor / advise other RWE Scientists.
 ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
 Act as the RWE subject matter expert for the Vaccines franchise.
 Communicate and advocate effectively throughout the organization to support the appropriate use of RWE.
 Educate colleagues throughout the organization on RWE enabled use cases and best practices.
 Work collaboratively to ensure high quality methods and designs throughout the product lifecycle (early clinical development through loss of exclusivity)
 Conduct feasibility assessments to determine appropriate internal / external real-world data sources
 Create real world insights informing go/no-go decisions, hypothesis generation, and decision-making for executives, teams, and business development
 Coordinate cross-functional teams to create high quality RWE from rigorously designed protocols
 Create TA-specific RWE assessment plans and recommend RWE analytical approaches
 Proactively identify opportunities for automation, collaboration, and innovation
 Drive landscape assessments and evaluations of new data / tools.
 Track market trends and regulatory standards.
 Document all requests and track progress toward project completion, other metrics, and business goals.
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
 Candidate demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities including: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop, and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.
 7+ (with a master’s degree) to 9+ (Bachelor’s degree) years’ experience with a proven successful track record of scientific analysis for Non-Interventional Studies, other research studies or clinical quality improvement studies, with specific experience with a range of real world data such as EHR, medical or pharmacy claims, patient registries, or other data sources
 Five or more years working in real world data analytics in healthcare, clinical or translational research, pharmaceutical Research & Development, or similar.
 Ability to critically evaluate analytic results against the literature, subject matter expert feedback or other reliable sources to ensure end user credibility in alignment with cross-functional team strategy / priorities
 Five or more years of demonstrable experience communicating in verbal and written form with all levels of personnel with diverse backgrounds
 Ability to work under pressure with a high level of autonomy and motivation
 Experience in Vaccines domains, mRNA or the interest and ability to rapidly learn these domains to understand and proactively apply the latest scientific findings for projects
 Experience with protocol development and execution for non-interventional studies using a variety of analytical techniques applied to various databases
 Mentorship and leadership skills, particularly in highly matrixed organizations.
 Five or more years hands-on experience using query and analytic languages and technologies (eg, SQL, R, SAS, IHD, Aetion) and of relevant biological and medical data standards (eg, HGNC / Entrez, ICD, CPT)
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 The ideal candidate will have a Master’s degree with 9+ years/PhD with 7+ years in RWE analytics, Statistics, Economics, Bioinformatics, Epidemiology, Other Biological Science fields with a substantial quantitative and computational component, other related fields or commensurate professional experience
 Knowledge of vaccines development, infectious disease, host/pathogen interactions, immunology, clinicogenomcs, GWAS / PheGWAS dataset interpretation, mRNA and other Vaccines-relevant experience highly desired
 Ability to communicate effectively with cross-functional teams and work in a highly matrixed environment, with demonstrated excellence in teamwork and collaboration highly desired
 Five or more years hands on experience in four or more of the following:
 Experience in clinical registry, patient generated health data, unstructured clinical data and other health data sources.
 Understanding global regulatory guidance for appropriate use and submission of RWE.
 Knowledge of global HTAs’ / payers’ RWE acceptance, and experience in value-based agreements, value-based care and similar constructs.
 Knowledge of efficient programming practices and the software development life cycle
 Experience engaging or partnering with external organizations (e.g., IDN, ACOs, payers, academic institutes, professional organizations, etc.) for RWE.
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML): ability and experience in creating advanced models to generate real world insights.
 Data Visualization: passion for and experience in generating easy-to-use, interactive data visualization capabilities (e.g., Tableau, PowerBI, Qlik, Spotfire, Looker).
 Clinicogenomics: understand the clinical application of genomic, transcriptomic and other biomarker tests and result reports as they pertain to clinical care or research.
 Experience integrating real world evidence in early clinical development.
 Experience using RWE to drive value-based care, generally, and value-based contracting, specifically.
 Other Job Details:
 Additional Location Information: New York, NY; Collegeville, PA; US - Remote
 #LI-PFE
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Market Access
 #LI-Remote #LI-PFE Pfizer 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Massachusetts Jobs at Pfizer in Massachusetts Scientist salaries in Massachusetts Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,932 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
