
 
 
 
 MANAGER, DATA SCIENCE - EXPERIMENTATION - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MANAGER, DATA SCIENCE - EXPERIMENTATION Hyatt Corporate Office 3 reviews Chicago, IL Full-time Hyatt Corporate Office 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Opportunity 
 At Hyatt, we’re working to Advance Care through data-driven decisions and automation. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision as we create the future of travel. We can’t do that without the best talent – talent that is innovative, curious, and driven to create exceptional experiences for our guests, customers, owners and colleagues. 
 Hyatt seeks an extraordinary data scientist to help build the algorithmic assets and features that Hyatt guests, members, customers and internal users leverage to transform the guest experience and drive efficiencies across the operations of our business. 
 In this role you will lay the foundations of experimentation at Hyatt focusing primarily on experimentation design, software development, and performance measurement to determine incremental causal impact. Projects may include a variety of disciplines, ranging from algorithmic products to regional/global business strategies. Secondary responsibilities may flex across data science initiatives as needed such as forecasting, machine learning modelling, and optimization. 
 You will be a part of a ground-floor, hands-on, highly visible team which is positioned for growth and is highly collaborative and passionate about data science. 
 Applying the latest techniques and approaches across the domains of data science, machine learning, and AI isn’t just a nice to have, it’s a must.
 Who We Are 
 Hyatt is proud to have a culture where coworkers become friends and family. Since 1957, our focus on care for our employees and our guests has served as the heart of our business and made Hyatt one of the best hospitality brands in the world, with more than 950 hotel, all-inclusive, and wellness resort properties in 67 countries across six continents. 
 As we continue to grow – even during the most challenging and uncertain times – we never lose sight of what’s most important: People. 
 Why now? 
 We are in a time of extraordinary transformation. Passion for personal travel combined with the explosive growth of global business underpinned our growth for years. With Covid-19, much travel has ceased - but the passion for travel remains. Now that vaccines have been introduced, one of the things people look forward to most is traveling. Hyatt is at the epicenter of the return to travel - and we are looking for passionate changemakers to be a part of our journey. When you join Hyatt, you will join a world of possibility. 
 How We Care for Our People 
 Wellbeing is the ultimate realization of our purpose — we care for people so they can be their best. We believe this focus on employees is the key to our success and we’ve earned a place on Fortune’s prestigious “100 Best Companies to Work For®” for the last seven years, ranking No. 28 in 2020. 
 We’re proud to offer exceptional benefits which may include: 
 Complimentary and discounted stays at Hyatt hotels around the world 
 A global family assistance policy with paid time off following the birth or adoption of a child as well as financial assistance for adoption 
 Work-life benefits including wellbeing initiatives such as a complimentary Headspace subscription, on-site rest and relaxation, meditation lounges and flexible schedules 
 Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Hyatt has made significant strides toward building a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture. With more than 127,000 colleagues across 67 countries, we embrace all cultures, races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, ages, abilities, perspectives, and ways of thinking. Our culture is one that empowers every individual to be his or her best, and such authentic connection inspires the way we care for each other and for our guests. 
 Who You Are 
 We care about your qualifications, but we care more about your qualities when you join the Hyatt family. As our ideal candidate, you understand the power and purpose of our Culture of Care and share our core values of Respect, Integrity, Humility, Empathy, Creativity and Fun. Our colleagues embody our purpose of caring for people, including each other, our guests, and ultimately our owners. This commitment to genuine service and care is what differentiates us and drives guest preference. 
 The Role 
 Define and build the experimentation culture and capabilities at Hyatt from a statistics-first lens. 
 Create experimental designs and measurement strategies across data science products and broader business strategies. 
 Hands-on developer and owner of internal code/process which fuels our experimentation and measurement capabilities across a variety of KPIs and statistical tests. 
 Work collaboratively with other data scientists and business partners to ensure proper execution of experiments and manage cross-product experimentation coordination as applicable.
 Report on measurement results, such as incrementality and bias, with a commitment to ethical data science. 
 Demonstrate holistic thinking, strategic agility, and leadership with all levels of the organization.
 Lead and train direct reports as the function scales. 
 
 The ideal candidate demonstrates a commitment to Hyatt core values: respect, integrity, humility, empathy, creativity, and fun. 
Qualifications 
Qualifications 
 Master’s degree in econometrics, statistics, computer science, or related fields required. 
 5+ years of data science experience with a focus on experimentation and measurement, hospitality experience not required.
 Expertise in Python and SQL, additional software experience preferred ie Docker, Spark. 
 Expertise in statistical methods and tests (parametric and nonparametric tests, bias corrections, multiple comparison corrections, power sizing, stratified sampling, etc). 
 Experience with treatment effect methodologies (ie CATE, S-Learner, etc). 
 Experience with time-series causal impact analysis. 
 Experience operating in a cloud environment (AWS, GCP) with large datasets. 
 Experience operating in an Agile Methodology environment. 
 Experience with DevOps and CI/CD concepts. 
 Excellent communication and teamwork skills. 
 Position will require customer-facing interaction and collaboration. 
 
 The position responsibilities outlined above are in no way to be construed as all encompassing. Other duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may be required and/or assigned as necessary. Hyatt 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Hyatt Corporate Office in Chicago, IL Data Scientist salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hyatt Corporate Office 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
