
 
 
 
 Freelance Media Management Associate - Secaucus, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Freelance Media Management Associate Major League Baseball 91 reviews Secaucus, NJ Major League Baseball 91 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Position Summary:   Handle daily content management tasks for the Company's file-based media systems. This includes daily monitoring and review of new content being ingested into the systems, facilitating and assisting in retrieval of content, screening and editing of content, creation of content metadata, and content file management. Handle file-based video acquisition and distribution of assigned media. Deliver content and process video uploads for assigned MLB.com, clubs, and other domestic and international partners. 
 
 
Responsibilities : 
 Coordinates with MLB Network, NHL Network, MLB Clubs, and content partners to ingest and deliver required digital assets. 
 Collaborate with Production and Editorial teams to effectively execute MLB.com and club site video queues. 
 Team with fellow freelance Media Management Associates to ensure real-time highlight expectations are met on Gameday, At Bat, MLB.com, and club sites. 
 Process assigned videos for MLB.com, MILB, YES, SNY, USA Baseball, etc. 
 Execute content delivery for assigned content partners such as Facebook, DAZN, YouTube, etc. 
 Ensure technical and metadata quality standards are met for video delivered to MLB.com, club sites, and external partners. 
 Using AI Automated In-Game Highlight, monitor posting of game highlights to Gameday and At Bat 
 Manage Club site real-time highlight video queues. 
 Metadata and thumbnail management for MLB.com, YouTube, and other digital partners. 
 Digital content creation and distribution – basic editing of assigned content from MLB Network and NHL Network for use on MLB.com, NHL.com, and various social media platforms. 
 Assists departments in media research and locating desired digital assets across enterprise-level asset management systems and third-party archive systems. 
 Provide first level technical support for video production and content management workflows, MLB's DIAMOND / DIAMOND on ICE content management solutions and Oracle's Front Porch Digital DIVArchive content storage management solutions. 
 Extensive interface with Production employees to keep track of show records, interviews, demos, feeds, ENPS rundowns, etc., for the purposes of managing the server media assets, and entering keywords and descriptive metadata for those assets. 
 Import files with various audio and video formats and codecs from FTP and various media. 
 Digital asset creation and distribution for third parties. Basic editing, clipping, and converting of video and still images. 
 Graphics responsibilities – convert and store full screen, courtesy, and lower third graphics for use in assigned edit rooms. 
 Day-to-day file archiving, restoring, deleting, and organizing of media using assigned software. 
 Helps ensure proper digital tape archiving best practices, including loading, unloading, packing, and shipping of data cartridges in order to manage the archive and robot systems. 
 Team with NHL Footage Licensing Department in order to coordinate transfer of footage from NHL Archive to Secaucus studios. 
 Video On Demand – conversion, upload, and QC of assigned MLB Network, NHL Network and third-party VOD assets – communication with Comcast Media Center and other recipients throughout the process. 
 Monitor the archive robot system health, perform basic troubleshooting, and alert Engineering to their findings. 
 Conduct testing on the enterprise-level asset management systems as required by internal and external engineering and development teams. 
 Ensure proper tape allocation in the robotic libraries in Secaucus, including maintaining a sufficient number of free slots. 
 Other such duties as required. 
 
 
Skills & Experience :   The ideal candidate must have most if not all of the following skills and experience: 
 
 1-2 years television production experience preferred. 
 Individual must interface in a collaborative manner with various internal departments. 
 Ability to work well and multitask in a fluid, live broadcast 24/7 environment. 
 Ability to work a flexible schedule, including nights, weekends, and holidays. 
 Must be detail oriented, meticulous and able to maintain confidentiality. 
 Must be able to work independently yet strong collaboration skills are required. 
 Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills are highly desired. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills needed to participate in show meetings and to create and distribute daily emails to a large group of individuals. 
 Ability to prioritize work and to be a proactive thinker. 
 Very strong computer skills: Experience with any of the following software is highly preferred – Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Creative Cloud tools, and other NLE and broadcast applications. 
 Experience with any of the following software packages preferred: Oracle's Front Porch Digital DIVArchive, PresSTORE, DIAMOND, QuickTime, and media conversion tools like Adobe Media Encoder. 
 Experience with File Transfer Protocol (FTP). 
 Knowledge of server-based file systems preferred. 
 Experience using a CMS system is preferred. 
 Exhibit sound editorial judgment and knowledge of industry style standards. 
 Demonstrate the tact, diplomacy, decisiveness, and superior people skills required in a pressurized live television environment. 
 A knowledge of baseball and hockey preferred. 
 Previous digital asset management experience is preferred. 
 Ability to lift up to 50 pounds. 
 Ability to sit, stand, and/or kneel for extended periods of time. 
 Possess visual acuity sufficient to perform required tasks. 
 Possess manual dexterity sufficient to perform required tasks. 
 Possess a level of hearing sufficient for effective interaction with stakeholders by various mean, including in-person, via phone, etc. 
 Ability to travel domestically as required. 
 
 
EDUCATION:  Bachelor's degree or equivalent; Broadcast/ Television Production degree is preferred. Major League Baseball 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Management Associate jobs in Secaucus, NJ Jobs at Major League Baseball in Secaucus, NJ Management Associate salaries in Secaucus, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Major League Baseball 91 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
