
 
 
 
 Sales Manager, Remote - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Manager, Remote Logicle Analytics, LLC United States Remote Up to $4,000 a week Job details Salary Up to $4,000 a week Full Job Description Job Description
 
Sales Manager (Fully Remote)
 
We are looking for a friendly, well-spoken sales manager to assist our company in developing sales strategies and expanding our customer base. The sales manager?s responsibilities include generating potential leads, soliciting potential customers, facilitating sales, and connecting customers with the right salesperson.
 
This position has an excellent potential to grow with lots of room for promotions for those who show exemplary sales records, skills, and knowledge.
 
To be a successful sales manager, you should have excellent communication, interpersonal, and customer service skills. You should also demonstrate the ability to meet deadlines and have strong analytical and mathematical skills.
 
Logicle Analytics, LLC is an early-stage fast growing company based in Greenville, SC offering Analytics-as-a-Service (AaaS) for small- to medium-sized businesses. This position starts as commission only but has the possibility to convert to a base+commission salary with a proven track record of sales.
 
 Range:  up to 4k weekly / 200k annually (expected to have 1-3 sales a week)
 
Commission starts at 40% of the initial principal payment (between $1,000-$5,000)
 
 Job responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Developing high-level sales strategies to convert sales
 
Expose company services to buyers and solicit new potential customers.
 
Initiating contact with potential customers through attending conferences, networking, and responding to inquiries generated from advertisements.
 
Creating relationships with customers to identify their potential needs and interests to qualify the company with the goal of driving sales.
 
Presenting product/service information to customers.
 
Moving qualified leads through the marketing pipeline to convert sales, arrange in-person or remote meetings, emails, and phone calls.
 
Following up with potential customers who expressed interest but did not purchase any goods or services.
 
Performing regular follow-up calls or emails and facilitating communication with existing customers to ensure their satisfaction and identify new potential needs.
 
Collaborating with sales executives to ensure the company's goals and targets are met.
 
 Required Skills/Experience:  ?
 
Must have experience selling IT products, AI/ML, SaaS (Software as a Service) solutions or subscription based products to a diverse customer base.?
 
Both Civilian & Government sales experience welcomed?
 
Successful completion of coursework in sales strategies, techniques, marketing, and communication is preferred.
 
A good candidate will show excellent time management, interpersonal skills, teamwork, and ability to provide customer service.
 
Business analysis knowledge is preferred.
 
Must have great telephone etiquette and computer literacy skills. Simply Hired Today original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Sales Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Logicle Analytics in United States Sales Manager salaries in United States Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
