
 
 
 
 Senior Director IT Business Applications - Boise, ID - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director IT Business Applications Micron 1,039 reviews Boise, ID Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
 
Req. ID: 262703 
 
Micron Technology’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people, innovation, tenacity, collaboration, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and professionalism while supporting our global community. 
 
The  Sr. Director, IT Business Applications  is a senior leadership position within the IT organization ensuring Micron’s SG&A functions are equipped with high quality technology solutions, enabling our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This position is tasked with using technology and process innovations to improve Micron’s end-to-end business operations. This team is on the front line, taking on the latest business challenges, framing solution options and partnering with business areas for implementation and realization. 
 
In this leadership-by-example position, you will be expected to get into the details with your team, prioritize a portfolio of work activities, while working closely with senior management to help define the broader strategy. The ideal candidate will have the vision to translate business need into system capability while providing the leadership to see solutions through to delivery. 
 
Key functional areas of responsibility include:
 Sales operations and channel management 
Business Unit operations 
Finance (financial planning & accounting) 
Global Procurement 
Human Resources 
Legal and Compliance 
 
Leadership Expectations
 Define, execute, and lead the business solution strategy supporting Micron’s functional business areas, both from a technology and a business standard methodology standpoint 
Collaborate successfully with business partners and a broad set of internal technical partners to develop product roadmaps and execute against a solution backlog 
Act as a change agent, seeking opportunities to challenge the status quo to meet business objectives – develop and gain support for roadmaps that detail the journey to best-in-class 
Partner with PMO organization to ensure area portfolio delivery in terms of priority, schedule, cost, scope and quality, while providing transparency to the business organization 
Act as the embodiment of the agile mentality; lead teams in iterative product development using lean principles and a quality-first approach to development 
Bring a strong technical foundation; be able to engage the team on architecture, design and deep dive on complex solutions, platforms and interface design, while also educating more technical staff on the underlying business principles 
Partner with peers across the enterprise to find opportunities for code sharing, common services, joint development, etc. 
Lead multiple area leaders, each with active strategic programs and portfolios. 
Keep up with the latest industry trends to ensure we are appropriately using our tools 
Build and develop effective operating models within the IT team to ensure an organization that is both responsive to shifting business environments while delivering high quality solutions 
Attract top talent and develop team to ensure high functioning organization while adhering to budgetary constraints 
 
Professional Experience Required 
Degree in IT or Business Administration, with graduate degree preferred 
10+ years of progressive IT systems implementation leadership experience 
SAP ECC Experience required 
Experience at least several of the following platforms: 
Salesforce 
Workday 
ServiceNow 
Ariba 
RPA (Blue Prism / UI Path) 
Background in a manufacturing company (particularly High Tech) highly desired 
 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
High understanding of core business processes 
Strong leadership, communication, consulting and influencing skills 
Ability to define metrics, quantify business value 
Strong systems thinking capability 
Critical thinking skills 
Highly self-motivated, detail and outcome oriented 
Program/Project management, with experience leading multiple large projects 
 
About Us 
As the leader in innovative memory solutions, Micron is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial and Ballistix — we offer the industry’s broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing today’s major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint™ memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world. 
 
Micron Benefits 
Employee Rewards Program, Healthcare, Paid time off (Combined Sick and Vacation Time), Retirement savings plans, Paid maternity/paternity leave, Employee Assistance Program, Professional development training, Workplace wellness programs, Micron Health Clinic (Boise only), Fitness Center / Activity rooms (Boise only), Tuition Reimbursement, Micron Corporate Discounts, Casual Dress attire. 
 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || SGA || Experienced || Regular || Information Systems and Technology || #LI-JC4 || Tier 5 || Micron 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Information Technology jobs in Boise, ID Jobs at Micron in Boise, ID Director of Information Technology salaries in Boise, ID Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
