
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Electrical & Computer Engineering, College of Engineering - Boston, MA 02215 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Electrical & Computer Engineering, College of Engineering Boston University 562 reviews Boston, MA 02215 Full-time Boston University 562 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The College of Engineering at Boston University has embarked on a bold new strategic plan aimed at excellence and impact along convergent and collaborative research themes. The Department of Electrical & Computer Engineering (ECE) at Boston University (BU) anticipates multiple openings for Tenure-Track Assistant Professors, pending approval by the Provost, with an anticipated start date of Fall 2022. While all candidates will be considered, this year’s searches are particularly focused on the following areas: 
 
 
 Applied AI and Machine/Deep Learning for Computer Vision and Computational Imaging Systems. We seek candidates in all areas of computer vision or computational imaging, with potential applications to image and video analysis and enhancement, biomedical imaging, robotics, autonomous systems, surveillance, biometrics, or manufacturing. 
 
 
 Computer Architecture and Systems. We seek candidates in computer architecture, operating systems, compilers, cybersecurity or software engineering to build future cloud and edge computing systems for a smart, secure and connected society. Potential application areas include healthcare, communications, transportation, finance, and scientific computing. 
 
 
Candidates with research programs that transcend the traditional boundaries of ECE may explore affiliated appointments in appropriate departments and divisions, such as Computer Science, Mathematics and Statistics, Systems Engineering, or the newly created Faculty of Computing and Data Sciences. 
 
 
BU ECE attracts exceptional undergraduate and graduate student and faculty talent at all levels. Research activity by primary faculty is approximately $26M per year. The College of Engineering is currently ranked 35th in the nation by US News and World Report, and 15th among private universities. The College is 5th in the nation in total funding from NSF among engineering schools at private universities. BU ECE faculty lead and participate in several high-profile, multidisciplinary research centers, including the Center for Information and Systems Engineering, the Hariri Institute for Computing and Computational Science and Engineering, the Center for Systems Neuroscience, the Rajen Kilachand Center for Integrated Life Science and Engineering, and the Photonics Center. 
 
 
We are looking for outstanding candidates who have earned or are expected to earn a Ph.D. in the relevant search area before Fall 2022, demonstrate potential for leading an independent and vibrant funded research program in their area of expertise, can teach effectively at the graduate and undergraduate levels, and can utilize their expertise to strengthen collaborative research within the department and beyond. 
 
 
The COE believes that the cultural and social diversity of our faculty, staff, and students is vitally important to the distinction and excellence of our research and academic programs. BU College of Engineering is a recipient of the Bronze award for ASEE Diversity Recognition Program. To that, we are especially eager to have join our ranks a colleague who supports our institutional commitment to ensuring BU is inclusive, equitable, diverse, and a place where all constituents can thrive. 
 
 
DO NOT APPLY THROUGH THE BOSTON UNIVERSITY HR WEBSITE. 
 
 
For more information about BU ECE, please visit:  http://www.bu.edu/ece/  Applicants should submit a brief letter of interest, a statement of research accomplishments and goals including how collaborations can enhance their research impact, teaching and diversity statements, a current CV, and contact information of three references to  https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/19036  (Applied AI and Machine/Deep Learning) or  https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/19035  (Computer Architecture and Systems). We encourage candidates to apply early. Applications received by December 15, 2021 will be given full consideration. 
 
 
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 
Required Skills 
 
Required Experience Boston University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Boston University in Boston, MA Assistant Professor salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Boston University Boston University 562 reviews Boston University (most commonly referred to as BU or otherwise known as Boston U.) is a private  research university located in Boston, ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
