
 
 
 
 EPIDEMIOLOGIST I - Oahu Island, HI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search EPIDEMIOLOGIST I State of Hawaii 309 reviews Oahu Island, HI $5,600 a month  -   Temporary State of Hawaii 309 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $5,600 a month Job Type Temporary Full Job Description Recruitment Information 
 This posting is for the State of Hawaii, Department of Health, Disease Outbreak Control Division 
Disease Investigation Branch. 
 
The position is located in Downtown on the Island of Oahu. 
 
 Up to $5,600 per month, salary commensurate with training & experience 
 
If you have any questions regarding this non-civil service exempt position, please contact Corliss Yoshiura, at  (808) 587-6846 , or email at Corliss.Yoshiura@doh.hawaii.gov. 
 
 The State Recruiting Office will refer all inquiries regarding this exempt position to the  Department of Health . 
 Duties Summary 
 Exempt, non-civil service appointment. The primary purpose of this position is to facilitate the study of the distribution and determinants of health-related sates and events as they related to infectious diseases of public health concern as a data scientist to the control of health problems.. The position will facilitate the collection of data and transforming it into a more usable format for analysis and decision-making and for detecting, understanding, controlling, and preventing infectious diseases in the population. 
 Minimum Qualification Requirements 
 EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE:  Master's Degree in Epidemiology or health-related field for which the candidate completed and passed at least three (3) epidemiological methods courses, one of which must be an advanced level, and at least two (2) biostatistics courses requiring mastery of large datasets and analyses using a statistical software application. Each qualifying course should have fulfilled a minimum of 2 credits. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE:  Principles, practices, and techniques of epidemiology analysis; principles and practices of public health and public administration, including the general organization, functions, services, and objectives of public health programs; public health and medical research methods and techniques, including analysis of risk factors; statistical analysis methodology; human and environmental biology and behavioral sciences and principles; community and medical resources; and principles of disease causation. Expertise in network operating systems (e.g., Windows, MAC, IOS, Android, LINUX, UNIX) and data management systems (e.g., SQL, PHP, Oracle), including a firm understanding of data applications, maintenance, and storage systems; web design; and related hardware/software. Working knowledge of information technology industry standards (i.e., TCP/IP, Cloud Computing, loT, Artificial Intelligence). 
 
 SKILLS/ABILITIES:  Evaluate the relative importance of areas of research; critical thinking; plan, direct, coordinate, and evaluate the work of others; plan, conduct, and evaluate public health epidemiologic research and advise others in these activities; prepare program and budget plans; evaluate program operations; establish and maintain effective working relationships with others; speak and write English effectively, including effective public speaking; prepare clear, concise, and comprehensive reports; and work under pressure and challenging or unusual conditions. 
 
 LICENSE:  Valid State of Hawaii driver’s license is preferred. 
 
 Who May Apply 
 
 LEGAL AUTHORIZATION TO WORK REQUIREMENT:  The State of Hawaii requires that all persons seeking employment with the government of the State shall be citizens, nationals, or permanent resident aliens of the United States, or eligible under federal law for unrestricted employment in the United States. 
 Other Information 
 This position is exempt from civil service. Therefore, if you are appointed to the position, your employment will be considered to be “at will.” 
 
 How to Apply: 
 Submit cover letter, contact information, completed State of Hawai’i Application for Non-Civil Service Appointment, salary requirements, and detailed resume to : 
Department of Health 
P.O. Box 3378 
Honolulu, Hawaii 96801-3378 
Attn: Recruitment & Examination 
 
Visit the Department of Health website at: http://health.hawaii.gov/employment/job-opportunities/. 
 
Recruitment is continuous until needs are met FOR POSITION #123056. 
 
 Direct all inquiries regarding this position to : 
Corliss Yoshiura, at  (808) 587-6846 , or email at Corliss.Yoshiura@doh.hawaii.gov. 
This is a temporary, non-civil service exempt position. Employment in such positions is considered to be “at will.” 
 
This is a 12-month appointment, federally funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Epidemiology and Laboratory Capacity (ELC) Cooperative Agreement for the budget period beginning August 1, 2019. Non-competitive continuing applications for this position are available through the end of a five-year grant period, ending July 31, 2024. 
 
The mission of the Department of Health is to protect and improve the health and environment for all people in Hawaii. HDOH supports a diverse-multicultural workforce that reflects the community, promotes equal opportunity at all levels, and creates an inclusive work environment, free from discrimination. 
 
 NOTE: The State Recruiting Office will refer you to the  Department of Health  regarding this exempt position. State of Hawaii 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Epidemiologist jobs in Oahu Island, HI Jobs at State of Hawaii in Oahu Island, HI Epidemiologist salaries in Oahu Island, HI Company Info Follow Get job updates from State of Hawaii 309 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
