
 
 
 
 AWS Analyst Relations Manager, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AWS Analyst Relations Manager, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,667 reviews Austin, TX Full-time Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,667 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s Degree or relevant experience 
 5+ years of analyst relations, communications, or product marketing experience in the tech industry 
 5+ years experience directly interacting with Gartner, Forrester and other major IT industry analyst firms 
 Experience in supporting Public Relations, Sales, Product, and/or Marketing teams 
 
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking an experienced, self-motivated, personable, and detail-oriented Analyst Relations (AR) Manager to lead its Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) AR program. The AR Manager will manage and execute the company's AR strategy and tactics to effectively communicate key differentiators for AWS AI & ML services.
 
The AWS cloud computing platform is used today by millions of businesses and developers around the world, ranging from start-ups to Fortune 50 enterprises. Cloud computing is arguably one of the most impactful developments in technology within the last 20 years. AWS is a pioneer and leader in the fast growing field of cloud computing. Because of this, there are thousands of analysts worldwide who are trying to understand AWS to then help their clients realize the transformation potential of cloud computing for their business. Our role is to inform these analysts and explain how AWS is different from traditional IT infrastructure offerings, and to work with these analysts to understand core customer requirements and concerns.
 
The right candidate possesses analyst experience and a track-record of demonstrating successful AR program management – this includes the ability to quickly understand technically deep topics, successfully deliver on numerous collaborative projects, and manage day-to-day operations related to program activities in a global organization. In this role, the candidate will have a direct opportunity to innovate AWS AR programs and measurement of results via new approaches. They must be comfortable with balancing strategic thinking with tactical, detailed execution while working independently, sorting through ambiguously defined problems, and identifying market challenges and opportunities for our customers.
 
Position will be located in an Amazon/AWS U.S. Corp office based in the following locations: Seattle, WA (HQ); Arlington, VA (HQ2); San Francisco, CA; Sunnyvale, CA; Irvine, CA; Portland, OR; Phoenix, AZ; Las Vegas, NV; Salt Lake City, UT; Chicago, IL; Detroit, MI; Madison, WI; Minneapolis, MN; Dallas, TX; Houston, TX; Austin, TX; New York, NY; Jersey City, NJ; Pittsburgh, PA; Boston, MA; Herndon, VA; Washington, DC; Nashville, TN; Atlanta, GA; only. Relocation offered from within the US only to these locations.
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and execute a global AR program to educate the analyst community specifically focused on AI & ML 
 Proactively manage vendor evaluations, and secure positive placements of AWS in key reports 
 Drive analyst awareness of AWS AI & ML offerings and significantly expand analyst understanding of AWS 
 Deliver on-going AR program activities such as analyst briefings, events, inquiries, reporting and other core program tactics 
 Prioritize and manage incoming requests for information, research review, customer references, event speakers, and research 
 Write presentations and prepare AWS Executives for engaging with analysts 
 Driving alignment with sales, marketing and product teams to maximize awareness of customer requirements, existing market evidence, and AR program impact 
 
Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
 
 Previous experience in cloud computing via product programs or a Marketing role 
 Experience managing vendor evaluations for Gartner Magic Quadrants and Forrester Waves 
 Passion for working in a lean, fast-paced organization, and desire to own and refine key operational processes 
 Ability to adapt to a fast-changing and evolving role 
 Desire to grow with the team and take on additional responsibilities 
 Natural tendency to invent, simplify, and take innovative approach to AR 
 MBA a plus 
 Excellent written and oral communications skills 
 Clearly understands technology and can abstract business/solution value 
 Self-starter with a strong sense of ownership 
 Able to prioritize in a complex, fast-paced environment 
 Creative thinker with bias for action 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
 Benefits overview:  https://amazon.jobs/en/internal/landing_pages/benefitsoverview-us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Amazon Web Services in Austin, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,667 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
