
 
 
 
 Information Specialist - Durham, NC 27713 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Information Specialist MDB INC Durham, NC 27713 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description MDB, Inc. offers a range of technical, analytic, logistic, and creative services to help clients achieve their communication and program goals. MDB’s work focuses on environmental science, education, worker safety, and emergency and public health. 
 MDB, Inc. offers a collaborative working environment where growth is encouraged and nurtured. 
 MDB, Inc. is seeking an organized, and detail-oriented Information Specialist/ Librarian to join our team. This position will support projects of federally funded human and ecological health programs. Work can be performed remotely as all MDB staff are currently working remotely; long-term remote work will be considered. Applicants must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and support multiple tasks for both internal and external clients. 
 MDB, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. 
 Specific responsibilities will include:
 Use subject matter expertise to contribute to research and analysis projects related to environmental public health topics 
 Conduct literature searches in PubMed and Web of Science and create annotated bibliographies in EndNote and Excel 
 Retrieve bibliographic and bibliometric data to conduct research impact analyses 
 Conduct analyses and create data visualizations of programmatic and bibliographic data 
 Develop and maintain an organizational framework for materials related to environmental health sciences utilizing experience with cataloging and subject-specific taxonomy development 
 Use web-based database tools to conduct searches to retrieve information about federally funded research 
 Construct and maintain database tools to support storage and retrieval of programmatic and bibliographic data 
 Write clear and complete documentation, including user manuals, technical manuals, and SOPs 
 
 Master’s degree in information science or library science; degree in biological, biomedical, or environmental science or coursework and/or experience in health science librarianship 
 Ability to conduct extensive literature searches and compile matrices to summarize findings 
 Experience with bibliographic and citation databases such as PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Dimensions 
 Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and citation management programs such as EndNote 
 Minimum of 3 years of relevant experience 
 
 Desired Skills:
 Working knowledge of data processing and bibliometric analysis software such as OpenRefine, VOSviewer, Distiller, SWIFT Active Screener, BibExcel, Cite Space, Sci2, and Tableau (or other data visualization software) 
 Working knowledge of altmetrics 
 Familiarity with research data management including data sharing policies, data repositories, and metadata and data standards 
 Experience with data manipulation/text analysis using Python or R 
 Strong research, analytical, and organizational skills 
 Experience with Microsoft Access, SQL, and relational database systems 
 High-level writing and editing skills 
 Experience with artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning a plus 
 Project management experience a plus 
 Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment 
 
 Characteristics that make a successful MDB staffer: 
 A passion for what we do: Successful MDB staff never stop learning. We take pride in doing work that does good in the world and we never stop learning the science that we support. 
 A willingness to dive in: We use and explore a variety of software, tools, and programs to improve efficiency and support our clients; a willingness to dive into these tools and explore new tools to better serve our clients is a must. 
 An eye for quality and ability to work independently: Successful MDB staff have an eye for details and don’t let formatting or typos slip by. We put forward projects and recommendations that reflect our best work the first time. Staff seek out solutions to problems and proactively share suggestions for deliverables and help our clients find efficiencies that enhance our work. MDB INC 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Information Specialist jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at MDB in Durham, NC Information Specialist salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from MDB INC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
