
 
 
 
 Frontend Engineer - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Frontend Engineer Invisible AI Austin, TX Remote About Invisible AI 
 Invisible AI, founded in 2018 in the San Francisco Bay Area, offers a computer vision platform to reduce manufacturing costs associated with manual assembly errors. Our edge-based AI-enabled cameras track body posture and movement to help complete the story of what is happening on an assembly line to prevent any mistakes. We have raised just over $4M in our seed round. Our main offices are located in San Francisco, CA, Ann Arbor, MI and expanding into Austin, TX. 
 Location: 
Austin, TX 
 
Remote 
 
 Recent Projects Include: 
The features you build here will be used every day on some of the largest assembly lines in the world. You’ll also have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced startup environment and take ownership of the codebase from planning to delivery. Our stack is written using React and Redux, with ES6+ JavaScript extensions for advanced functionality. 
Building a dashboard using WebSockets to visualize manufacturing errors in real time 
Using the HTML5 Canvas API to overlay debug output from our AI models on top of live video - all streaming directly from the camera 
Working with computer vision engineers to build advanced video annotation tools 
Creating drag-and-drop tools to manage 1000s of cameras from a simple UI and visualizing our fleet using a variety of React libraries 
An Ideal Candidate Would: 
Have 2+ years of experience with vanilla JavaScript and ES6+ best practices 
Have 2+ years of experience shipping large-scale single-page applications using React and Redux 
Have real-world experience defining and integrating with REST APIs 
Understand the ins and outs of deploying frontend codebases to production, to include bundling, compression, HTTP/HTTPS, and caching 
Working knowledge of software engineering best practices - automated testing, linting, CI, etc. 
Experience with advanced concepts such as Websockets, HLS/RTMP, HTML5 Canvas API and Python is a big plus 
Benefits 
1. Competitive compensation and equity packages 
2. Health, vision and dental insurance 
3. Flexible vacation schedule Invisible AI 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Front End Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Invisible AI in Austin, TX Front End Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Invisible AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
