
 
 
 
 IT Specialist- Direct Hire Authority - Washington, DC 20405 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Specialist- Direct Hire Authority US General Services Administration 601 reviews Washington, DC 20405 US General Services Administration 601 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $103,690 - $134,798 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 THIS IS A PUBLIC NOTICE: Please review further information below regarding posting. 
 
As an IT Specialist, you will serves as an Information Management Specialist and web developer to support the planning, development, implementation, and operations of the OGP Web Portfolio. 
 
Location of position:  GSA, Office of Government-wide Policy, Office of Integrity, and Access, Digital Strategies Division 
 
We are currently filling one vacancy, but additional vacancies may be filled as needed. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 This Notice is issued under direct-hire authority to recruit new talent to this occupations for which there is a severe shortage of candidates. This means that we can hire any qualified candidate, either from this notice or from any source. 
 
A few key facts about this DHA notice: 
 
 Current civil service employees will receive new appointments if selected under this Direct Hire Authority. 
 
 For more information on DHA, please visit http//www.opm.gov/directhire/index.asp. 
 
Duties: 
 
 Provides web developer expert advice to OGP leadership while conducting hands-on planning and development of a web presence for OGP-that to the extent practicable, exemplifies the state-of-the-art in efficiency and effectiveness of mission-critical programs. 
 Uses Jekyll for static site generation, including development and implementation of custom Jekyll layouts, in conformance with the US Design Standards and Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act to build and manage GSA’s web portfolio on the Federalist.gov platform, and/or subsequent hosting environment that OGP selects. 
 Leverages experience architecting and developing web and digital services presence for large-scale organizations, high quality platforms and services that support major initiatives, and provides technical, policy, and programmatic guidance to the U.S. Government. 
 Provides good interpersonal skills including social skills such as active listening, the ability to collaborate and an overall good work ethic and positive attitude. 
 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may travel to attend meetings or training.
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 13
 Job family (Series) 
 2210 Information Technology Management
 Similar jobs 
 Developers, Web
 Information Technology Specialist (It Specialist)
 Web Developers
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 US Citizenship or National (Residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) 
 Meet all eligibility requirements within 30 days of the closing date. 
 Register with Selective Service if you are a male born after 12/31/1959 
 Direct Deposit of salary check to financial organization required. 
 If selected, you must meet the following conditions: 
 
 Receive authorization from OPM on any job offer you receive, if you are or were (within the last 5 years) a  political  Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch. 
 Serve a one year probationary period, if required. 
 Undergo and pass a background investigation (Tier 2 investigation level). 
 Have your identity and work status eligibility verified if you are not a GSA employee. We will use the Department of Homeland Security’s e-Verify system for this. Any discrepancies must be resolved as a condition of continued employment. 
 
 Qualifications 
 For each job on your resume, provide: 
 
 the exact dates you held each job (from month/year to month/year) 
 number of hours per week you worked (if part time). 
 
 If you have volunteered your service through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, Americorps), we encourage you to apply and include this experience on your resume. 
 
For a brief video on creating a Federal resume, click here. 
 
 The GS-13 salary range starts at $103,690 per year. 
 
If you are a new federal employee, your starting salary will likely be set at the Step 1 of the grade for which you are selected. 
 
QUALIFICATIONS 
 
Applicants applying for the GS-13 grade level(s) must meet the following requirements: Have IT-related experience demonstrating EACH of the four competencies  AND  one year of specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level in the Federal service as described below: 
 
 IT SPECIALIST COMPETENCY REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Attention to Detail  - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant keeps abreast of latest technology, information, research, etc., to maintain knowledge in field of expertise (for example, reads trade journals, participates in professional/technical associations, maintains credentials). 
 Customer Service  - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant promotes or develops and maintains good working relationships with key individuals or groups. 
 Oral Communication  - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant serves on panels, committees, or task forces as a representative for the organization on technical or professional issues. 
 Problem Solving  - This skill is generally demonstrated by assignments where the applicant monitors current trends or events (for example, technological, economic, political, social, educational, or employment trends or events) and applies the information as appropriate. 
 
 Specialized Experience for the GS-13:  In addition to the requirements above, you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 level or higher in the Federal Service.  Specialized experience is defined as: 
 
 Experience developing in HTML and CSS. 
 Experience using Jekyll or comparable technologies for static site generation, including development and implementation of custom Jekyll layouts. 
 Experience applying the design principles, components, and design tokens, and preferably those of the U.S. Web Design System (USWDS). 
 Experience applying analytical skills to create a variety of successful websites that are responsive to customer service goals and protocols 
 Familiarity with data analysis techniques including machine learning and/or artificial intelligence for generating web content 
 Experience with responsive design both online and on mobile devices. 
 Experience applying universal and/or inclusive design principles, as applied in the USWDS. 
 Experience with JavaScript as a web developer to optimize site content, styling, and user interactions with content. 
 
 CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT:  The incumbent must obtain certification in Trusted Tester within 6 months. A UX design certification is desirable. 
 Education 
 Additional information 
 Bargaining Unit status: Not Applicable 
 
Relocation-related expenses are not approved and will be your responsibility. 
 
Additional vacancies may be filled through this announcement in this or other GSA organizations within the same commuting area; through other means; or not at all. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Applications will be evaluated against the basic qualifications. Qualified candidates will be considered in accordance with the Office of Personnel Management Direct Hire Guidelines. Veterans' Preference does not apply to the direct hire recruitment procedures. Certain selections made under this notice will be processed as new appointments to the civil service. Current civil service employees might be given new appointments to the civil service. You may not be considered for the position, if any part of the application is incomplete or missing the required supporting documentation. Falsifying your background, education and/or experience is cause for not hiring you or dismissing you if hired. 
 
If you are an Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan eligible or a GSA Career Transition Assistance eligible, you must be considered well qualified to receive priority (ICTAP/CTAP). Well qualified is defined as possession of the majority of competencies required for the position and will be determined, based upon a review of your resume against the competencies required for the position being filled. 
 
 To preview questions please  click here . 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Moderate Risk (MR)
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 ALL required documents must be submitted before the closing date. Review the following list to determine what you need to submit. 
 
If you are claiming veterans’ preference: 
 (a)  Copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD-214 that shows the dates of your active duty service. If selected, a DD-214 showing your type of discharge (member 4 copy) will be required prior to appointment. 
 (b)  If you are claiming 10-point preference or derived preference (a spouse, widow or widower, or parent of a deceased or disabled veteran), submit both of the following in addition to the DD-214:  (1)  completed SF-15 form; and  (2)  proof of your entitlement (refer to SF-15 for complete list). 
 
If you are active duty military  - Certification on a letterhead from your military branch that includes your rank, character of service (must be under honorable conditions) & military service dates including discharge/release date (must be no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted). 
 
 If you are  ICTAP/CTAP  eligible  -  submit a, b, and c :  (a)  proof of eligibility including agency notice;  (b)  SF-50, and  (c)  most recent performance appraisal. 
 
Current or Former Political Appointees:  Submit SF-50. 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 You will have access to many benefits including: 
 
 Health insurance (choose from a wide range of plans) 
 Life insurance coverage with several options 
 Sick leave and vacation time, including 10 paid holidays per year 
 Thrift Savings Plan (similar to a 401(k) plan) 
 Flexible work schedules 
 Transit and child care subsidies 
 Flexible spending accounts 
 Long-term care insurance 
 Training and development 
 
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 All United States citizens and nationals (residence of American Samoa and Swains Island) are eligible to apply. usajobs.gov 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Technician jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at US General Services Administration in Washington, DC IT Technician salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from US General Services Administration 601 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
