
 
 
 
 Research Manager, AI - Language Representations - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Manager, AI - Language Representations Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook AI Research (FAIR) is dedicated to advancing the state of the art in Natural Language Understanding, Computer Vision, Reinforcement Learning, Robotics, Speech and AI Systems. FAIR’s mission is to collaborate with the community to do open research for the benefit of all, and has investments in the broader research landscape, spanning open-source projects, publications, and research-to-production. To support our recent investments in large scale language representations, FAIR is in search of talented leaders with a background in research and demonstrated thought leadership in natural language processing. The mission of our team is to advance the state-of-the-art in language understanding via large scale language representations by approaching the problem from every possible angle - data, efficient scaling and inference, multilinguality, benchmark and responsible AI.The team contributes to the wider AI community by way of publications and open source, and internally to Facebook production. We are looking for a Research Manager who has a passion for leading an organization to develop a long-term strategic vision as well as help develop and grow the people in the org. Ideal candidates have remained active in the research community and bring an unwavering passion for managing the dynamics of a fast-paced research lab. 
Be both a technical, hands-on researcher and effective people manager. 
Communicate cross-functionally and drive research and engineering efforts. 
Be on top of the trends in NLP and build a team that is leading in the field. 
Hold your own technical discussion, be a subject matter expert, and have strategic influence. 
Put mechanisms in place to ensure your org delivers results. 
Help develop and refine team mission and priorities. 
Grow, mentor and coach people. 
Recruit world-class researchers. 
Experience managing and recruiting technical teams, including performance management. 
Significant software engineering work experience, including hands-on technical management. 
Experience in Natural Language Processing. 
B.S. degree in Computer Science, a related quantitative field or equivalent experience. 
Research experience, including publications in top-tier conferences. 
Experience managing senior researchers and research engineers. 
Experience executing and delivering on projects with competing priorities. 
Experience working in Natural Language Processing. 
Experience working in an industrial research organization. 
Experience with cross-functional collaboration and communication. 
Experience in AI frameworks, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow. 
Ph.D. in Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Représentant jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Représentant salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
