
 
 
 
 Senior Research Engineer – Visual Analytics & eXplainable Artificial Intelligence - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Research Engineer – Visual Analytics & eXplainable Artificial Intelligence Bosch Group 6,723 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Full-time Bosch Group 6,723 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
The Bosch Research and Technology Center North America with offices in Sunnyvale, California, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and Cambridge, Massachusetts is part of the global Bosch Group (www.bosch.com), a company with over 70 billion euro revenue, 400,000 people worldwide, a very diverse product portfolio, and a history of over 125 years. The Research and Technology Center North America (RTC-NA) is committed to providing technologies and system solutions for various Bosch business fields primarily in the areas of Human-Machine Collaboration (HMC), Robotics, Energy Technologies, Internet Technologies, Circuit Design, Semiconductors and Wireless, and MEMS Advanced Design. 
The focus of our global research on Human Machine Collaboration includes Big Data Visual Analytics, Explainable AI, Audio Analytics, NLP, Conversational AI, Mixed Reality and Smart Wearables, etc. We develop intuitive, interactive and intelligent solutions to enable inspiring UX for Bosch products and services in application areas such as autonomous driving, car infotainment and driver assistance systems (ADAS), Industry 4.0 and Internet of Things (IoT), security systems, smart home and building solutions, health care, and robotics. 
As a part of the global research unit, our  Visual Analytics & eXplainable AI group  is responsible for shaping the future industrial AI experience for Bosch products and services by combining cutting-edge technologies of machine learning, data analysis and interactive visualization. We research and develop scalable, transparent, and intelligent big data analytic solutions for various domains including autonomous driving, Industry 4.0 (I4.0), connected vehicles, IoT, car multimedia etc. With our award-winning talents  (IEEE VIS best paper & best paper runner-ups ), we also actively collaborate with leading groups in academia to promote research ideas and publish research findings in internationally renowned conferences and journals, e.g., IEEE VIS, TVCG, SIGKDD, NeurIPS, AAAI, and ICML. 
 
 Job Description 
 
Develop research prototypes and products with state-of-the-art visual analytics and eXplainable AI (XAI) tech. for related business domains of autonomous driving, connected vehicles, Industry 4.0, IoT, car multimedia etc. 
Work with an international team of research experts to transfer the results of advanced research to Bosch business units. 
Work with Bosch business units and customers to shape and drive data analytics solutions and platforms 
Apply research results to real-world use cases with high quality implementation. Integrate the resulting systems/software into existing Bosch platforms. 
Opportunities for publication as well as open source contributions. 
 
 Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications: 
MS in Computer Science or Software Engineering 
2+ years of industry experience in R&D scalable data analytics systems 
Programming experience for full stack web development on both frontend (e.g., React, Vue.js, and D3.js) and backend (e.g., Flask, Django) 
Experience in machine learning and data mining, with application to eXplainable AI, visual analytics, and computer vision 
Preferred Qualifications: 
PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related fields 
Familiar with one or more main-stream machine learning platforms (e.g., scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and PyTorch) 
Publication record in top venues of visualization, data mining, or machine learning research (e.g., IEEE VIS, TVCG, SIGKDD, NeurIPS, AAAI, ICML, and ICRL) 
Knowledge in interactive visualization and user interface design 
Good leadership skills to drive research topics. 
Good communication and teamwork skills 
Additional Information 
BOSCH is a proud supporter of STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics) Initiatives 
FIRST Robotics (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) 
AWIM (A World In Motion) 
By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce – EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled. Bosch Group 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Research Engineer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Bosch Group in Sunnyvale, CA Senior Research Engineer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bosch Group Bosch Group 6,723 reviews The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 394,500 associates worldwide (as of December ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
