
 
 
 
 AI/ML - ML Researcher, Machine Intelligence - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - ML Researcher, Machine Intelligence Apple 10,409 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Full-time Apple 10,409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Feb 21, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200222809 
Play a part in building the next revolution of machine learning technology. In this role you'll have the ability to build groundbreaking technology that will change the way we create machine learning solutions at Apple. The Machine Intelligence team is looking for a passionate Sr Machine Learning Researcher to develop the next generation of machine learning introspection technologies with particular attention to fairness and bias in AI. As a member of the Machine Intelligence team you will work on some of the most challenging technical problems, collaborate with world-class machine learning engineers and researchers, develop new ML solutions that will impact future Apple products, publish in international conferences, and collaborate with the best product teams to integrate your ideas into products. The ideal candidate also understands the importance of empowering others to innovate. This includes technical mentorship/guidance, paper publication and conference talks. 
Key Qualifications 
Demonstrated expertise in machine learning with a passion for fairness and bias in AI. 
Publication record in relevant conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, SIGGRAPH, KDD, ACL). 
Good programming skills in Python. 
Hands-on experience working with deep learning toolkits such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Keras. 
Proven experience or education in linear algebra statistics 
Ability to formulate a research problem, design, experiment and implement solutions. 
Ability to work in a collaborative environment. 
Description 
You should be passionate about building extraordinary products in collaboration with broader teams across Apple, and be inspired by a fast-paced environment, to execute on the required tasks, meet production deadlines and, at the same time, explore new innovative ideas in machine learning that can improve and transform the product experience of Apple customers. You will help to identify gaps in the research field, define a research agenda, and develop innovative ML strategies for challenging problems that will affect future Apple products. You will provide technical mentorship and guidance, prepare technical reports and papers for publication and conference talks. You have the ability to work both independently and collaboratively to help partner teams meet predefined objectives. You will be responsible for delivering ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, scientific rigor, innovation, and respect for user privacy. 
Education & Experience 
PhD, or equivalent practical experience, in Computer Science, or related technical field Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Researcher salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,409 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
