
 
 
 
 Classified Imagery Analyst - Springfield, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Classified Imagery Analyst ECS Federal LLC 141 reviews Springfield, VA ECS Federal LLC 141 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. ECS is seeking a  Classified Imagery Analyst  to work in our  Springfield, VA  office. 
 
Job Description: 
ECS is seeking a Classified Imagery Analyst to work in our Fort Belvoir, VA office. 
 
The Classified Imagery Analyst (IA) candidate should be a self-motivated, team-oriented individual. The IA candidate will be working in a secure environment dealing with Classified Data. The IA must possess a high level of focus for a project to help develop training data for artificial intelligence. As an IA, you will be required to analyze images and label objects within those images according to pre-defined descriptions. 
 
 Multiple shifts available. 
 
 Required Skills: 
 
 Must have and maintain an Active DoD SECRET Clearance 
 High School Diploma or Equivalent 
 Must Pass ECS Imagery Analyst Training 
 Strong Oral Communication Skills 
 Be able to use a computer for 8 hours a day 
 Attention to detail 
 Ability to use a web browser 
 
 Desired Skills: 
 
 Associate degree or bachelor’s degree 
 1+ years of experience in an office environment 
 
 ECS is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law. ECS promotes affirmative action for minorities, women, disabled persons, and veterans. 
 
ECS is a leading mid-sized provider of technology services to the United States Federal Government. We are focused on people, values and purpose. Every day, our 3000+ employees focus on providing their technical talent to support the Federal Agencies and Departments of the US Government to serve, protect and defend the American People. ECS Federal LLC 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in Springfield, VA Jobs at ECS Federal in Springfield, VA Analyst salaries in Springfield, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from ECS Federal LLC 141 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
