
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Aberdeen, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Army & Marine Corps Aberdeen, MD Currently, DCS is seeking a highly motivated researcher to develop state-of-the-art machine learning and AI solutions for next generation human-agent interaction, human cognitive & physiological state analysis, and human-agent team performance prediction. 
 
Essential Job Functions:
 Design, develop, and implement tools for autonomous systems research. 
 
Integrate machine learning and AI algorithms into solutions for human-agent teaming. 
 
Work with a multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers to design novel research testbeds, collect data on human-AI teams, and analyze results. 
 
Prepare and analyze data for publication. 
 
Required Skills:
 Due to the sensitivity of customer related requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required. 
 
Must have a Bachelor's degree in Electrical, Computer, Software, Systems Engineering or Computer Science. 
 
Experience with machine learning and AI algorithm development. 
 
Knowledge of robotics and/or human-robot interaction. 
 
Familiarity with computer vision, reinforcement learning, and Markov processes. 
 
Desired Skills:
 Familiarity with broader signal processing tools for time-series analysis. 
 
Familiarity with human physiology and human sciences. 
 
Experience with research design for human subjects research. 
 
Technical writing. DCS Corp 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Aberdeen, MD Jobs at Army & Marine Corps in Aberdeen, MD Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Aberdeen, MD Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
