
 
 
 
 Assistant Operations Chief Inspector - Alpharetta, GA 30005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Operations Chief Inspector FM Global 139 reviews Alpharetta, GA 30005 Remote FM Global 139 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview: 
FM Global is a leading property insurer of the world's largest businesses, providing more than one-third of FORTUNE 1000-size companies with engineering-based risk management and property insurance solutions. FM Global helps clients maintain continuity in their business operations by drawing upon state-of-the-art loss-prevention engineering and research; risk management skills and support services; tailored risk transfer capabilities; and superior financial strength. To do so, we rely on a dynamic, culturally diverse group of employees, working in more than 100 countries, in a variety of challenging roles. For nearly two centuries, FM Global clients have relied on our unmatched expertise in creating engineering-driven risk management solutions. FM Global is the world's largest commercial property insurance and risk management organization specializing in large properties. More than one in three Fortune 1,000 companies, as well as leading international corporations, benefit from FM Global's superior financial strength, risk management skills and extensive expertise in loss prevention engineering and research. 
Our Atlanta, GA Operations team has an opening for an Assistant Operations Chief Inspector (AOCI). This position will be responsible for leading a team of National Board of Boiler and Pressure Vessel Inspectors (National Board) commissioned jurisdictional consultants to provide high quality, pressure equipment loss prevention services and jurisdictionally required inspections within the Operations. 
** Preferably, the successful candidate will be located near the Atlanta, GA (Alpharetta) office, but consideration will also be given to remote candidates. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
This position is directly engaged in developing, implementing, monitoring, and managing policies and procedures. This is for the Operation that meet the requirements of American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), National Board, jurisdictions, other regulatory agencies, the FM Global Jurisdictional Inspection Quality Program and FM Global Contract Inspection Services Quality Assurance Manuals. The AOCI is accountable to the National Board and jurisdictions for the quality and execution of required jurisdictional activities. 
In this role, the AOCI assesses commissioned inspector’s competence and development. Is responsible to prepare, deliver, and coordinate introductory and ongoing training on specific jurisdictional laws, regulations, and applicable codes and standards. 
Additionally, the AOCI is responsible for maintaining safe work practices by jurisdictional consultants. This is by participating in the Operations safety committee as required, development and implementation of field safety procedures, training, and field audits of safety programs. 
The AOCI serves as the secondary liaison with the Jurisdictions within the Operations. 
This position serves as an Operations boiler & machinery technical resource and subject matter expert regarding pressure equipment for the organization. 
The AOCI protects the assets of the client and FM Global by assuring that they and their team members properly identify, evaluate, and assess the nature and magnitude of pressure equipment loss potentials. 
The position works with the Client Service Team to assure alignment in pursuing common risk servicing goals and jurisdictional objectives. Where appropriate assists in development of customized servicing instructions. 
The AOCI works with Claims and/or jurisdictions to assist in common pressure equipment loss investigations; may conduct more complex investigations. 
Supports the OCI by participating in internal audits of Operations’ compliance with the FM Global ASME Quality Assurance and Jurisdictional Inspection Quality programs. 
This position will focus on developing management skills. Therefore, work on expanded duties such as participating in development and revision of FM Global Operating Standards and Operating Requirements, and work on National Board and ASME code committees will be limited. 
Leads and directs the Operation jurisdictional services team in achieving fewer and smaller boiler and pressure vessel related losses. This is accomplished by assuring National Board commissioned consultants conduct thorough jurisdictional inspections, provide accurate risk assessment of jurisdictional objects, and effectively communicate jurisdictional requirements and risk improvement opportunities. Additionally the AOCI oversees appropriate and timely follow-up of open jurisdictional violations and loss prevention recommendations. 
Conduct inspections and evaluations in accordance with the FMIC Jurisdictional Inspection Quality Program and other written or oral instructions which meet the ASME and NB duties and responsibilities. Follow FM Global safety procedures and collaborate with clients to assure that inspections and evaluations are conducted safely. Development and compliance will be monitored by Operations Chief Inspector. Effectively handle administrative tasks to include service group(s) management, timesheets, expense reports, confined space reports. 
Ensures jurisdictional inspection and reporting requirements of FM Global and the jurisdictions within the Operation are fully met through identifying and managing the jurisdictional workload, implementing processes to assure jurisdictional requirements are met, and conducting management guidance to assure the quality of jurisdictional inspections and associated reports are maintained. 
Provides oversight of contract inspection activities associated with National Board and jurisdiction specific repair and alteration programs in accordance with applicable codes and standards and FM Global contract inspection procedures and quality assurance manual requirements. 
Provides management oversight for FM Global field safety procedures for National Board commissioned consultants. Coordinates Operation implementation of medical surveillance program. Participates as a member of Operations Safety Committee as the need arises. 
Contributes to the company’s growth and stature within the engineering community by improving and maintaining communications and relationships with ASME, National Board, jurisdictions, and other agencies. This is so that policy changes can be influenced, understood, questions can be resolved, and cooperation can be obtained to solve problems. 
Develops, coordinates, maintains, and delivers FM Global required basic and continuing education programs for Operations National Board commissioned consultants. Assures required National Board on-line continuing education courses are competed as required to maintain commissions. 
Provides support to boiler and machinery risk inspections through collaboration with Operations Engineering on solutions to assure risks are eliminated or mitigated. Recommends solutions in accordance with recognized standards. When specific risks are not adequately addressed by existing standards, develops and communicates solutions based on sound engineering principles to clients, engineers, and jurisdictional authorities which may not strictly meet regulations but provide the same level of integrity and protection as required by codes, standards, and regulations. Builds and helps secure concurrence from all parties for alternative solutions. 
 
 Qualifications: 
Education: High School or Equivalent. 2 Year College Degree/Associates in math or science or boiler and pressure vessel technical training, National Board commission 
Experience: 5 years’ boiler & machinery risk engineering, inspection, and regulatory compliance experience desired! Advanced engineering experience in mechanical integrity, boiler and pressure vessel construction, and a comprehensive or mastery understanding of jurisdictional, National Board and ASME requirements. National Board In-Service commission (IS), Repair endorsement (R), and Authorized Inspector commission (AI) is desired 
Skills/Knowledge : 
Advanced knowledge of boilers and pressure vessels. Must possess advanced technical knowledge of power generation-fossil fuel/combined cycle facilities. Additional high hazard knowledge will be required based on operations book of business. Must understand repair and alteration processes and procedures for boilers and pressure vessels. Must understand boiler and pressure vessel related non-destructive examination methods and applications. 
Excellent communication, organization, management, coaching and mentoring skills. Advanced ability to work with external agencies, customers at plant or corporate management level, jurisdictional chief inspectors and senior personnel throughout FM Global. Ability to work with databases, Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint programs. A comprehensive understanding of the principals of quality assurance and dedication to support the FM Global ASME Quality Assurance and Jurisdictional Inspection Quality programs. 
A valid driver’s license is required, a company car is provided 
Ability to travel – Approximately 50 nights or more based upon candidate location 
Physical Requirements : 
Able to lift up to 25 pounds or 11.34 Kilograms 
Able to climb ladders 
We offer our employees a wide range of benefits including career long learning opportunities, tuition reimbursement, 401 (k), pension, flexible schedules, rich health and well-being programs, generous time off allowances, volunteer days and so much more! 
FM Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce. FM Global 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Inspector jobs in Alpharetta, GA Jobs at FM Global in Alpharetta, GA Inspector salaries in Alpharetta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from FM Global FM Global 139 reviews Established in 1835, FM Global is a mutual insurance company whose capital, scientific research capability and engineering expertise are ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
