
 
 
 
 Knowledge Strategy, Legal Specialist - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Knowledge Strategy, Legal Specialist Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 161 reviews New York, NY Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 161 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Knowledge Management group ("KM group") in the NY office has a need for a Knowledge Management Legal Specialist. As part of the Knowledge Management ("KM") group, the KM Legal Specialist works in concert with, and supports KM counsel, KM lawyers and various practices in the development and implementation of practices' knowledge management projects and initiatives. The Legal Specialist works with KM counsel, KM lawyers and practices (i) to collect and organize know-how, (ii) to ensure that selected practice area site(s) and knowledge management tools remain up-to-date and accurate sources of reference materials for practitioners, and (iii) to implement new lawyer-facing technologies and innovative workflows in select practices at the Firm. 
 
 Works with KM group and attorneys in select practices to develop and implement solutions and best practices to increase effectiveness and efficiency. 
 Provides support to KM group and practices to collect, organize and upload valuable reference material to practice sites and knowledge management tools and ensures they are aligned with the needs of practices and kept up-to-date. 
 Provides direct support to practitioners to assist them with locating practice-related internal and external knowledge resources. 
 Researches, monitors, and informs select practices of legal and industry developments and trends in practice. 
 Assists with automating documents and solutions by coding document questionnaires using Contract Express to improve practice group workflows. 
 Supports the use of AI driven due diligence tools, collaboration tools and other legal technologies in transactional client matters and interacts with matter team, including partners, associates and legal assistants to capture project scope and share best practices 
 Assists with the evaluation, selection and implementation of new technologies and practice workflows and coordinates feedback for project team and vendors. 
 Identifies opportunities to leverage existing and emerging technologies into practices and coordinates pilots and proof of concept programs. 
 Assists with documentation and promotion of best practices in the use of new technologies by the practice teams. 
 Establishes relationships with attorneys to promote awareness of, and solicits participation in KM initiatives. 
 Liaises with users to gather feedback on KM resources. 
 Liaises with KS team members to facilitate internal knowledge sharing of best practices. 
 Supports and collaborates with KM counsel and KM lawyers on new KM initiatives, as needed. 
 Demonstrates effective interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills to facilitate effective work relationships with others. 
 Manages Firm resources responsibly. 
 Complies with and understands Firm operation, policies and procedures. 
 Performs other related duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications
 Experience working in a corporate or large law firm environment 
 Understanding of the typical transactional practice workflows and processes including due diligence review, matter/deal management, closing checklists, etc. required 
 Experience with coding in python and other language is a plus 
 Experience with automation tools (such as Contract Express, Neota Logic, Hot Docs) and AI-enabled due diligence review tools (such as Kira, eBrevia or Luminance) or eDiscovery tools is highly desirable but not required 
 Ability to learn new applications and technologies relevant to KM in a timely fashion and apply such skills to the Firm environment 
 Basic understanding of information collection and retrieval including experience with database searching 
 Well-developed organizational and communication skills 
 Knowledge of relevant firm computer software programs (e.g., Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint), with the ability to learn new software and operating systems 
 Demonstrates effective interpersonal and communication skills, both verbally and in writing 
 Demonstrates close attention to detail 
 Self-starter with ability to handle multiple projects and shifting priorities 
 Ability to handle sensitive matters and maintain confidentiality 
 Ability to organize and prioritize work 
 Ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced environment 
 Ability to work well independently as well as effectively within a team 
 Flexibility to adjust hours and work the hours necessary to meet operating and business needs 
 Experience/Education
 Bachelor's Degree 
 Minimum of two years of practical experience in transactional practice at large law firm a plus 
 Additional KM experience and a strong interest in the intersection of technology and legal practice is preferred Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Legal Secretary jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Skadden in New York, NY Legal Secretary salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 161 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
