
 
 
 
 Backend Engineer, Early Career - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Backend Engineer, Early Career Apple 10,409 reviews Austin, TX Apple 10,409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Jun 28, 2021 
Role Number: 200253984 
Imagine what you could do here. The people here at Apple don’t just build products — we craft the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that supports the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
The Information Systems and Technology (IS&T) organization is looking for passionate, self-motivated and hard-working engineers to be part of a diverse, fast paced and high-energy team. We are seeking Backend Engineers to build high quality, scalable and resilient systems that power our platforms. You will be responsible for developing some of the key components of our platforms, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements. You will be contributing to key and innovative technology which supports major Apple applications, with all the scalability and high-availability requirements that entails. 
Key Qualifications 
Previous internship or job experience in a software engineer position 
Strong Java Programming skills 
Experience developing code in Go and Python is a plus 
Working experience in SQL and NoSQL databases (Mongo preferred) 
Proven experience in Spring and REST 
Enjoys working with and processing large amounts of data and using Apache, Hadoop, and Spark 
Experience in designing, implementing and supporting highly scalable data systems and services in Java 
For some positions, experience with public clouds may be required (GCP & AWS) 
For some positions, experience working with Big Data, AI/ML will be required 
Demonstrate ability to work well independently in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment 
Excellent problem solving and debugging skills with attention to detail 
Good time management skills and can incrementally deliver to tight schedules 
Ability to learn and adapt quickly to new technologies, processes and work independently 
Excellent oral and written communication skills 
Description 
You will design and implement features in applications that enable Apple’s teams to work effortlessly. You will chip in to key and innovative technology which supports major Apple applications, with all the scalability and high-availability requirements that entails. Collaborating with other group’s to lead and deliver elite products in an exciting rapidly changing environment.
To succeed in this role, you are a strong programmer and a creative problem solver, who enjoys learning new things. Strong skills in object-oriented software design and programming are required and you are passionate about developing new features, maintaining existing code, fixing bugs, and contributing to overall system design. You are a great teammate who thrives in a dynamic environment with rapidly changing priorities and can collaborate with teams across Apple to ensure features are fully integrated across different platforms. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelors degree in CS, CE, ECE, EECS, IS, IT and other related fields of study Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Back End Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Apple in Austin, TX Back End Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,409 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
