
 
 
 
 Sports Analytics Analyst - Houston, TX 77040 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sports Analytics Analyst Tokio Marine HCC 73 reviews Houston, TX 77040 Tokio Marine HCC 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Continental Europe, transacting business in approximately 180 countries and underwriting more than 100 classes of specialty insurance. Tokio Marine HCC products and capabilities set the standard for the industry, and many of the Company’s almost 3,000 employees are industry-leading experts. 
 
Are you currently seeking a challenging career opportunity to help develop sports analytics capabilities? At TMHCC, we have an exciting opportunity for a Sports Analytics Analyst in our corporate office in Houston, TX. In this role, you will use data to address key issues in the sports including player evaluation, sports science, and player development. A strong candidate will have significant work experience, a degree in a quantitative discipline, and a demonstrated ability to interact with a diverse set of stakeholders. We will prioritize applicants with deep knowledge of modern statistical techniques and the creativity to identify novel analytical directions. The position requires strong organization, communication, and leadership skills, and the ability to work on widely varying projects with distinct audiences. Candidates must have the ability and statistical range to draw insights from many different forms of sports data and a passion for improving sports decision-making. 
Performance Objective: 
Use data to tell a story. Make insights and recommendations to help acquire new customers and grow our revenue. 
Use data analysis techniques to drive new product development and improve existing lines of business. 
Perform large-scale data analysis and develop effective predictive and descriptive analysis including various machine learning techniques, time series, regression, optimization, deep learning, etc. 
Use data visualizations to clearly and effectively aid key decision makers. 
Interact with business partners to understand their goals and objectives, develop analytic requirements, provide answers to business questions, make recommendations, and join forces in driving business improvement and optimization. 
Expectations: 
Within the first 30 days, become familiar with TMHCC’s policies and procedures 
Within the first 60 days, take ownership to develop text analytics capabilities 
Qualifications: 
BS/BA in quantitative field such Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, etc. 
Minimum of 1 year of sports analytics and data scientist experience 
Familiarity with concepts such as predictive analysis, cloud computing, machine learning, artificial intelligence, & Bayesian analysis 
Proficient with multiple statistical software packages and/or programming languages such as R, Python, SQL, Tableau, Shiny, etc. 
Excellent communication skills including the ability to identify and communicate data driven insights 
Prior consulting experience preferred 
Sports knowledge to identify key questions and topics for analysis 
Strong knowledge of sports league structures, rules, current trends, recent sports analytics research, and associated data 
The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies offers a competitive salary and employee benefit package. We are a successful, dynamic organization experiencing rapid growth and are seeking energetic and confident individuals to join our team of professionals. The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies is an equal opportunity employer. Please visit  www.tmhcc.com  for more information about our companies. Tokio Marine HCC 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sports Analyst jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Tokio Marine HCC in Houston, TX Sports Analyst salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tokio Marine HCC Tokio Marine HCC 73 reviews Tokio Marine HCC focuses on what matters most; our people. Empowered employees deliver on commitments and look beyond profits to drive a ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
