
 
 
 
 Technical Production & Editorial Assistant SAN FRANCISCO, CACONTENT - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Production & Editorial Assistant SAN FRANCISCO, CACONTENT Tonal 2 reviews San Francisco, CA Tonal 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
Tonal has built the world’s most intelligent fitness system that is changing the way people work out at home. Tonal is a fresh approach to fitness that leverages hardware, software, video content, and artificial intelligence. Everyone who has seen or used our product, from professional athletes to fitness enthusiasts, has fallen in love. 
 
At Tonal, we are applying our collective knowledge and creativity to reimagine fitness. We know firsthand that too many hurdles stand between each of us and our fitness goals. Drawing on decades of research and a diverse team of experts, we have created the most advanced strength training system available that makes working out more efficient, effective, and engaging. 
 
We're passionate about building products that transform people's lives. 
Overview 
Tonal is looking for a very organized, detail-oriented and reliable individual to join the post production department within the content team. You will be part of a diverse and growing video production team, focused on inventing a brand new form of production. We’re a “full-stack”, 360 team that specializes in content development, studio production and post production, all in-house. We focus on innovation and organization, stretching what we’re doing creatively while being extremely detail oriented and producing the highest quality content. 
What You Will Do 
Data entry and metadata tagging Maintenance of video files and into an organized, streamlined database for the ease of the post-production team Proficiency in Adobe Premiere and Audition for video and audio editing Assist in the online and output process for various deliverables Assist in the building and organization of operational trackers as part of the production process Administrative tasks, and tracking details across multiple departments, in coordination with the Senior Producer Quality check final exports across multiple channels and brands 
Who You Are 
4-year college degree or equivalent professional experience Absolute accuracy while meeting time-sensitive deadlines is a must Extremely detail-oriented and organized with strong multi-tasking skills
 Punctual with work schedule Demonstrated ability to follow organization policies and procedures, and take direction Understanding of the video creation production process Ability to multitask and work in a fast paced environment Understanding and familiarity with video compressions and formats 
Tonal is committed to meeting the diverse needs of people with disabilities in a timely manner that is consistent with the principles of independence, dignity, integration and equality of opportunity. Should you have any accommodation requests, please reach out to us via our confidential email, accessibility@tonal.com. All requests will be addressed and responded to in accordance with Tonal’s Accessibility Policy and local legislation. Tonal 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Editorial Assistant jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Tonal in San Francisco, CA Editorial Assistant salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tonal 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
