
 
 
 
 Team Lead (Product Owner) – Artificial Intelligence - Hartford, CT 06101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Team Lead (Product Owner) – Artificial Intelligence The Travelers Companies, Inc. 2,130 reviews Hartford, CT 06101 The Travelers Companies, Inc. 2,130 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Company Summary 
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it. 
Target Openings 
1 
Job Description Summary 
Travelers Enterprise Artificial Intelligence is seeking a Team Lead (a.k.a. Product Owner) to lead a team to deliver capabilities/solutions utilizing the agile process. In this position, you will act as a voice of the end-user to guide day-to-day work of an agile team, focusing on achievement of defined outcomes versus defining how the work is completed.
 
 
Our team is tasked with accelerating the use of AI within the broader organization while adhering to principles of responsible AI use; and we take that very seriously!
 
 
As a Team Lead you will be responsible for identifying, defining, and prioritizing work across all facets of Artificial Intelligence and the insurance domain. This role requires flexibility, passion to learn, and creativity in applying novel technology to all aspects of the business.
 
 
Travelers offers a hybrid work location model that is designed to support flexibility 
Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities 
Define, prioritize and ensure a ready backlog of work for an agile product team, accept final product output, focusing on achievement of defined outcomes versus defining how the work is completed.
 Effectively manage a backlog of deliverables and capabilities as well as 'test and learn'/experimentation targeted at defining/refining future deliverables, measuring performance, and adjusting the overall roadmap of deliverables as needed.
 Understand and implement team goals and strategy, ensuring alignment with circle and value stream vision; Articulate team goals and strategy effectively to key stakeholders, Circle Leads and team members.
 Act as voice of the end-user; have a deep understanding of and respond to customer feedback ensuring needs and requirements are clearly defined; ensure team work product meets defined acceptance criteria.
 Own team backlog, including prioritization and refinement; Make trade-off decisions to maximize value.
 Optimize the flow of value by setting objectives and key performance indicators (KPIs) for solutions.
 Inform and participate in business readiness; understand the impact of change, implement the approach to manage adoption and mitigate resistance.
 Provide feedback on work-in-progress, clarify requirements and contribute to removing roadblocks or impediments; Look for opportunities for continuous team and process improvement.
 Partner with Circle Leads and peers to effectively communicate resources required to achieve defined business outcomes.
 Share best practices across teams to ensure alignment and consistency in ways of working within a value stream.
 Foster an innovative, inclusive and diverse team environment, promoting positive team culture, encouraging collaboration and self-organization.
 Minimum Qualifications 
Three years of work experience in related field required 
Three years of experience motivating/influencing teams required. 
Education, Work Experience, & Knowledge 
Bachelor’s degree preferred. 
Two years of experience in Agile product management preferred. 
Two years of work experience within the discipline being supported (e.g.: Claim, Risk Control, Technology, Project Management, Production, Application Development, etc.) preferred. 
Three years of experience articulating and translating business strategy, product vision, and analysis for a product preferred. 
Job Specific Technical Skills & Competencies 
Agile Mindset: Embody Agile core values of openness, courage, respect, focus, and commitment. Infuse Agile principles, practices and methodologies to achieve team success. 
Product Mindset: Focus on defining a product value proposition that aligns with and supports the circle/value stream objectives and which is the north star for the team 
Influence: Ability to influence behaviors of leaders at all levels and without traditional hierarchy. 
Servant Leadership: Foster an environment where individuals thrive as empowered and equal members of a team. 
Communication: Ability to communicate thoughts, concepts, practices effectively at all levels, adjusting as needed to a target audience. 
Collaboration: Expertise working with others in a cross-functional multi-team environment. 
Continuous Improvement: Demonstrate a commitment to continually improve, share learning with others and encourage team development. 
Employment Practices 
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences. 
 
If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an email so we may assist you. 
Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting. 
 
Experience : 0 Travelers 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Hartford, CT Jobs at The Travelers Companies in Hartford, CT Product Owner salaries in Hartford, CT Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Travelers Companies, Inc. The Travelers Companies, Inc. 2,130 reviews When you work at Travelers, life’s most important moments become your life’s work. That means helping families feel secure, businesses to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
