
 
 
 
 Knowledge Management Specialist - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Knowledge Management Specialist US Public Buildings Service Washington, DC $87,198 - $113,362 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $87,198 - $113,362 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 As a Knowledge Management specialist, you will perform duties under the direction of the supervisor in helping to understand and improve the overall performance of the operations of a multi disciplinary organization responsible for the management of a complex real estate portfolio in the National Capital Region. 
 
This position is located in General Services Administration (GSA), Public Buildings Service (PBS), Office of Portfolio Management and Real Estate, in Washington, DC. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 As a Knowledge Management Specialist, you will perform the following duties: 
 
Participate in establishing management protocols across all business lines through a thorough and routine analysis of the multiple management systems supporting the business of PBS. 
 
Integrate geospatial data, analysis, and mapping into facility operations in order to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of commercial and federal properties in the region. 
 
 Assist program personnel on a diverse range of issues, projects, or concerns requiring an overview of agency operations with respect to resolving significant, controversial and/or otherwise highly charged situations. 
 
Assist with and provides input into the development of policy and program guidance. Provide assistance and advice on interpretation of governing policy in the designated program area. 
 
Collect, manage, manipulate, and analyze data sets from disparate sources and in different formats using Google scripts, machine learning, AI, Java API, SQL, MS Access, Tableau and other relevant tools to improve performance of our regional real estate portfolio and diverse workforce. 
 
Develop the ability to identify and target disparate issues quickly for timely resolutions across the region. Maintain data and metadata inventory that is accessible to senior leadership. 
 Travel Required 
 Not required 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 12
 Job family (Series) 
 0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
 Similar jobs 
 Development Specialists
 Specialists, Development
 Specialists, Workforce Development
 Workforce Development Specialists
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 US Citizenship or National (Residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) 
 Meet all eligibility criteria within 30 days of the closing date. 
 Meet time-in-grade within 30 days of the closing date, if applicable 
 Register with Selective Service, if you are a male born after 12/31/1959 
 Direct Deposit of salary check to financial organization required. 
 If selected, you must meet the following conditions: 
 
 Receive authorization from OPM on any job offer you receive, if you are or were (within the last 5 years) a  political  Schedule A, Schedule C or Non-Career SES employee in the Executive Branch. 
 Serve a one year probationary period, if required. 
 Undergo and pass a background investigation (Tier 1 investigation level). 
 Have your identity and work status eligibility verified if you are not a GSA employee. We will use the Department of Homeland Security’s e-Verify system for this. Any discrepancies must be resolved as a condition of continued employment. 
 Complete a financial disclosure report to verify that no, or appearance of conflict, exists between your financial interest and this position. 
 Complete a "Declaration of Federal Employment" (OF-306) to determine suitability for Federal employment. 
 
 Qualifications 
 For each job on your resume, provide: 
 
 the exact dates you held each job (from month/year to month/year) 
 number of hours per week you worked (if part time). 
 
 If you have volunteered your service through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, Americorps), we encourage you to apply and include this experience on your resume. 
 
For a brief video on creating a Federal resume, click here. 
 
The  GS-12  salary range starts at $87,198.00 per year. 
 
SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: 
 
To qualify, you must have one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-11 level or higher in the Federal service. 
 
Specialized experience  is experience analyzing and interpreting data; maintaining and manipulating data management systems; verifying the accuracy of the data in the system(s), and performing statistical and analytical analyses in order to make recommendations to management for the improvement of business operations, processes, projects and/or systems. Such experience must include: 
 
 Using Standard Query Language (SQL) programming to manage or manipulate data in a relational database management system; 
 Use of a variety of qualitative and quantitative techniques; and 
 Written and oral presentation of highly technical business data reports. 
 Education 
 Additional information 
 Bargaining Unit status: 1217 
 
Travel expenses associated with interviews may be approved. Determinations will be made on a case-by-case basis. 
 
We are currently filling one vacancy, but additional vacancies may be filled through this announcement or in other GSA organizations within the same commuting area. 
 
All the information you provide will be verified by a review of the work experience and/or education as shown on your application forms, by checking references and through other means, such as the interview process. Any exaggeration of your experience, false statements, or attempts to conceal information may be grounds for not hiring you, or for firing you after you begin work. 
 
This vacancy is also being announced as Vacancy Announcement Number 21PBSC672SLMP under Merit Promotion procedures. You must apply separately to each announcement in order to be considered under both procedures. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 We will use a method called Category Rating to assess your application. Here’s how it will work: You will be scored on the questions you answer during the application process, which will measure your possession of the following competencies or knowledge, skills, and abilities: 
 
 Knowledge of business industry expertise to facilitate regional collaboration in achieving business goals, developing policy and enhancing process. 
 Ability to integrate geo-spatial data, analysis, and mapping into facility operations in order to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of commercial and federal properties in the region. 
 Skill in researching the most sensitive, complex or otherwise controversial issues, utilizing all resources; excellent oral and written communication skills. 
 Knowledge of the occupational area of specialization, its governing laws, regulations, methodologies and/or policies to provide sound and authoritative technical guidance on all issues related to the assigned. 
 Ability to provide technical expertise to personnel; review and/or assess problematic or potentially controversial situations 
 Ability to support multiple senior leaders in various capacities; translate data into impactful visualizations which stakeholders can use to make informed business decisions. 
 
 Additional assessments may be used, and, if so, you will be provided with further instructions. 
 Within each category, veterans will receive selection priority over non-veterans. 
 
Your answers to the questions will be used to place you in one of three categories:  Best Qualified, Well Qualified, or Qualified 
 
If you are eligible under Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan or GSA’s Career Transition Assistance Plan(ICTAP/CTAP), you must receive a score of 85 or higher to receive priority. 
 
 To preview questions please  click here . 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 ALL required documents must be submitted before the closing date. Review the following list to determine what you need to submit. 
 
 Note:  If required to submit an  SF-50  (Notice of Personnel Action), an equivalent agency Notice of Personnel Action form is acceptable. Such document(s) must show all of the following: effective date, position, title, series, grade, and rate of basic pay, tenure group 1 (career) or 2 (career-conditional), position occupied group, and name of agency. If you are a  GSA employee  (except in the OIG), you are not required to submit an SF-50. 
 
 If you are a 30% or more disabled veteran, VEOA or VRA applicant or qualified spouse, widow/widower, or parent: 
 
 (a)  Copy of your Certificate of Release or Discharge From Active Duty, DD-214 that shows the dates of your active duty service. If selected, a DD-214 showing your type of discharge (member 4 copy) will be required prior to appointment. 
 
 (b)  If you are a disabled veteran, or are applying under VRA or VEOA as a spouse, widow/widower, or parent of a veteran, submit both of the following in addition to the DD-214: 
 
 completed SF-15 form; and 
 proof of your entitlement (refer to SF-15 for complete list). 
 
 If you are active duty military - Certification on a letterhead from your military branch that includes your rank, character of service (must be under honorable conditions) & military service dates including discharge/release date (must be no later than 120 days after the date the certification is submitted). 
 
 If you are a current Federal employee or  Reinstatement  Eligible:  Submit your latest SF-50. 
 
 If you are eligible under an  Interchange Agreement:  Submit your latest SF-50. 
 
 If you are a  former Peace Corp or VISTA volunteer:  Submit your Description of Service. 
 
If you are a  current or former Land Management Agency Employee  - Submit a and b: 
 
 (a) one or more SF-50s, including your most recent one that shows you were on a competitive time-limited appointment(s) with a Land Management Agency and served on the appointment for a period(s) totaling more than 24 months without a break of 2 or more years. 
 
 (b) Copy of your agency’s annual performance appraisal(s) or written reference(s) from a supervisor at the agency verifying satisfactory performance during your appointment(s). 
 
If you have a disability:  Submit proof of eligibility. For information on eligibility and required documentation, refer to USAJOBS’s People With Disabilities page. 
 
 If you are applying under another special appointment authority:  Submit proof of your eligibility under the appropriate appointment authority. See USAJOBS's Resource Center for more information. 
 
 If you are ICTAP/CTAP  eligible  -  submit a, b, and c :  (a)  proof of eligibility including agency notice;  (b)  SF-50, and  (c)  most recent performance appraisal. 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 You will have access to many benefits including: 
 
 Health insurance (choose from a wide range of plans) 
 Life insurance coverage with several options 
 Sick leave and vacation time, including 10 paid holidays per year 
 Thrift Savings Plan (similar to a 401(k) plan) 
 Flexible work schedules 
 Transit and child care subsidies 
 Flexible spending accounts 
 Long-term care insurance 
 Training and development 
 
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 Open to all US Citizens or Nationals (Residents of American Samoa and Swains Island) usajobs.gov 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Knowledge Manager jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at US Public Buildings Service in Washington, DC Knowledge Manager salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
