
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Trainer, Tech U - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Trainer, Tech U Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,667 reviews United States Remote $108,000 - $160,000 a year  -   Full-time Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,667 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $108,000 - $160,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Experience leading presentations, public speaking, or classroom training for related technology and products or services
 
4+ years’ experience in a training role, preferably technical training for related cloud technology products and services
 
>4 years of experience in a combination of the following areas: programming, IT system design, architecture, operations, administration, AI/ML, or technical training (not application level training)
 
Demonstrate a general understanding of various IT concepts (e.g. Compute, Storage, Networking, Database, Security, AI/ML, DevOps)
 Technical Degree (i.e. Computer Science, Information Systems) or relevant work experience
 
 
 Please note that due to the pandemic this role is currently 100% virtual. In the future, the role will potentially have up to 50% regional travel but can be based virtually anywhere in the US. 
 
Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company. This is what unites Amazonians across teams and geographies as we are all striving to delight our customers and make their lives easier, one innovative product, service, and idea at a time.
 
Tech U is an amazing AWS Education Program where you will deliver a defined curriculum program for those early in their career, veterans, veteran spouses, or individuals seeking to start their journey to become skilled cloud IT professionals. This multi-modal training program combines instructor led training, lab exercises, scenario-based project sprints, and more to develop and hone cloud based and professional developments skills. You will have an opportunity to combine a passion for teaching, with enthusiasm for technology, to drive learning and establish positive student relationships.
 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
 
 Deliver instructor-led classroom training to internal technical customer facing roles 
 Technical subject matter expert on behalf of Tech U Program 
 Assist in developing & maintaining technical training content, lab exercises, presentations, and accompanying materials 
 Administer LMS tasks such as schedule sessions, register participants, and instructor resources 
 Special Projects as assigned 
 
About Us
 
As cloud technologies continue to transform businesses, skilled individuals are in high demand. At AWS Tech U, we are passionate about revolutionizing the way people advance their cloud skills and careers. We equip diverse builders of today and tomorrow with the knowledge they need to leverage the power of the AWS Cloud. Join our dynamic, fast-growing team and help us empower our customers to build cloud skills.
 
Inclusive Team Culture
 
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
Mentorship & Career Growth
 Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded employee and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
 
The pay range for this position in Colorado is $108,000 - $160,000/yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
 
AWS Certified
 A strong “stage presence” and ability to manage a classroom of adult learners
 Experience with Windows or Linux at the command line
 Recent coding or scripting experience
 
Knowledge and/or hands-on experience with AWS infrastructure services highly desired.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technical Trainer jobs in United States Jobs at Amazon Web Services in United States Senior Technical Trainer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Web Services, Inc. Amazon Web Services, Inc. 74,667 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
