
 
 
 
 Junior Quantum Physicist-CIPHER - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Quantum Physicist-CIPHER Georgia Tech Research Institute 849 reviews Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech Research Institute 849 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Quantum Systems (QS) Division of the Georgia Tech Research Institute's Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research (CIPHER) Lab is seeking self-motivated individuals with an experimental science or engineering background. The division is composed of a large team of scientists and engineers from disciplines including physics, chemistry, electrical engineering, optical science, mechanical engineering, mathematics, and chemical engineering. QS employees perform fundamental research exploring next-generation technologies based on exotic physical phenomena, working to prove that devices based on these technologies can provide real-world solutions relevant to sponsors. 
 
Our research portfolio includes funded programs in trapped-ion quantum computing and simulation, quantum magnetometry and electrometry, molecular data storage technology, mass spectrometry, and chemical sensing. QS researchers frequently contribute to projects in other GTRI labs and CIPHER divisions involving research in other topics including artificial intelligence and machine learning, communications, biophysics, security, and optics. The research group is actively involved in conferences, has ongoing university, industry, and national laboratory collaborations, and has a growing list of publications in the quantum sciences field. 
 
Affiliated with the Georgia Institute of Technology and located on its main campus in Atlanta Georgia, GTRI offers a unique opportunity to conduct applied research in a university setting. Employees in this position are encouraged to pursue advanced degrees, either at Georgia Tech or as a next step in their career. Tuition support is available through the GT Research Corps (GTRC) program and the GTRI Supplemental Tuition Assistance Program. 
 
Job Duties 
 The candidate will be expected to work independently and effectively in a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team environment. Specific duties include: 
 Maintain optomechanical, vacuum, cryogenic, and electronics laboratory apparatus supporting multiple programs, 
 Implement and execute experimental protocols; acquire, process, and evaluate experimental data in support of specific research objectives, 
 Document research in laboratory logs, 
 Author technical reports and publications, 
 Present research to sponsors and peers in the lab, at program reviews, and in conferences, 
 Keep up-to-date in relevant published literature, 
 Participate in proposal writing and other business development activities. 
 Travel Requirements 
 
<10% travel 
 
Education & Length of Experience 
 
Research Engineer/Scientist I 
 
 A Bachelor's degree in physics, applied physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemistry, or related field of study. 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
 Candidates currently enrolled in an accredited Bachelor's degree program relevant to this position will be considered. 
 BS or MS in physics, applied physics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemistry, or related field of study, 
 Familiarity with the use of oscilloscopes and other data acquisition devices 
 Familiarity with at least one programming language, such as python, matlab, Mathematica, or C/C++ 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Practical laboratory experience in an AMO physics environment or related lab environment, 
 Knowledge of Python, C/C++, and other programming languages, as well as git, 
 Experience with (any of the following): aligning lasers and optics, using electronics test equipment, circuit simulation and layout, ultra-high vacuum, cryogenics, embedded systems, and electromagnetic modeling, 
 Clean room or wet lab experience, 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills, 
 An ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to technical and non-technical audiences. 
 U.S. Citizenship Requirements 
 
Due to our research contracts with the US federal government, candidates for this position are required to be US Citizens. 
 
Clearance Type Required 
 
Candidates must be able to obtain and maintain an active security clearance. 
 
Benefits at GTRI 
 
Comprehensive information on currently offered GTRI benefits including Health & Welfare, Retirement Plans, Tuition Reimbursement, Time Off, and Professional Development, can be found through this link: https://hr.gatech.edu/benefits 
 
Diversity & Inclusion Georgia Tech Research Institute 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Georgia Tech Research Institute in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Georgia Tech Research Institute Georgia Tech Research Institute 849 reviews Georgia Tech Savannah is a satellite campus of the Atlanta-based Georgia Institute of Technology. It is located in Savannah, Georgia, nea... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
