
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, Augmented Reality (AI) - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, Augmented Reality (AI) Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. We are a group of computer vision researchers and engineers, within the Facebook AI Applied Research (FAIAR) organization, focusing on building technology that understands visual content and then democratizing it via vertical products spanning our family of apps. We're starting a new vertical team to focus on AR - especially as the company starts investing in new hardware like AR glasses.In this role, you will be working as a Research Scientist on developing experiments and prototypes at the frontier of AI Research for AR. In particular, we believe users will interact with our hardware via various multi-modal sensors. So, it is important for us to be able to invest in horizontal AI services and techniques that not just understand the world, but also are personalized to the user. This would include experimenting around AR user's visual memory (think "my objects"), egocentric understanding of the user (think egocentric activity recognition), personalization building blocks (like modeling knowledge graph of a user) that continuously learn (think incremental learning) with limited data (think low-shot setting). The team works very closely with the extended AR organization to take our state-of-the-art published ideas and helps deploy it at scale with all the practical considerations around efficiency and user-experience. 
Apply machine learning to computer vision problems. 
Collaborate with other researchers and engineers across teams at Facebook to develop experiments, prototypes, and concepts that take our state-of-the-art work to production for AR use-cases. 
Collaborate with Facebook AI Research (FAIR) scientists to facilitate research that would benefit us in the long run - this includes working in continual learning, multi-modal fusion, embodied AI, visual search, low-shot learning and knowledge graphs. 
Conceive proof-of-concept prototypes that establish overall system performance and also be able to think of ways to scale it up to become a deployed system. 
PhD in Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Robotics or related technical field. 
Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Hands-on experience with one of the relevant ML frameworks - PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras. 
Proven publication track record at conferences such as CVPR, NeurIPS, ECCV, ICCV, ICML. 
Interpersonal experience: cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. 
Research experience in low-shot learning, continual learning, other forms of supervision (weak, semi, self), multi-modal fusion techniques, egocentric models. 
Experience on transferring technology from research in computer vision, machine perception or machine learning into a product or open-source. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Research Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
