
 
 
 
 Business Development Specialist - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Specialist Northeastern University 623 reviews Portland, ME Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  507206 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus, Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Provost’s Office 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
About the Institute: 
Do you want to be part of an exciting new Institute focused on the fusion of human and machine intelligence into working AI solutions? 
 
We are launching a pioneering research and innovation hub in AI—one that will shape the way humans and machines collaborate. Led by Dr. Usama Fayyad, the Institute for Experiential AI (IEAI) is built around the challenges and opportunities made possible by human-machine collaboration. The institute provides a framework to design, implement, and scale AI-driven technologies in ways that make a true difference to society. Our ability to respond to the opportunities afforded to society will depend on training and building a workforce that is AI-capable. Located in Portland, Maine, with the goal of growing the Maine tech economy, the Roux Institute will be a center of activity for the Institute’s efforts. 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
The Culture: 
Here at the Institute for Experiential AI (IEAI) we are committed to the highest of standards in all that we do. Working at the Institute of Experiential AI offers opportunities, an environment, a culture that just aren’t found together anywhere else. This is the right place for you if you’re curious, motivated by the future of technology and want to be part of a unique community that works on high-impact business and societal problems. 
 
Summary: 
The Institute of Experiential AI at Northeastern University is looking for an ambitious, performance oriented individual to advance business development in key areas of AI. Mirroring the expertise and focus of Northeastern’s academic units, this encompasses life sciences; finance; data/computer science; data engineering/visualizations; AI apprenticeships, certification, and training; and cybersecurity, but coalesces around solving the most challenging AL problems for business and industry. The successful candidate will join our award-winning, fast-paced business development team, where he or she will unearth, develop, and clearly scope potential opportunities; provide consultative selling skills to achieve revenue generating relationships; and exercise client partnership best practice to maintain and advance further opportunities. 
 
The Business Development Specialist must have strong consultative sales skills, as well as the ability to maintain client relationships to identify, evolve and grow the business organically within the client ecosystem. Expertise (degree and/or experience) in one of the key areas of Northeastern’s focus is required. Advanced training in AI/ML is not required, but the ability to quickly synthesize complex information into effective sales and relationship strategies is a key element of success in the position. 
 
The ideal candidate will also be able to identify areas of opportunity for effective engagement and use his or her knowledge of the AI landscape and careful listening skills to effectively pitch and close a range of different audiences and platforms. The ability to create innovative and effective presentations that best fits the intended client and platform will be critical to success in this position. A successful candidate must think and act quickly in a fast-paced environment while maintaining accuracy and representing The Institute of Experiential AI at the highest level. 
 
 Qualifications: 
Qualifications: 
 Bachelor’s Degree preferably in business, computer/data science, data engineering, life sciences, statistics, or finance/economics. 2-3 years of experience in business development and sales, ideally in a data rich or technical context In-depth knowledge and understanding in one of the key focus areas of the IEAI, Roux and Northeastern U. Expertise in sales monitoring and reporting tools (Salesforce) Experience with statistics and/or Ml/AI – fundamentals in data science concepts a plus Strong ability to demonstrate and use social media activities (listening) and networking to drive prospects Excellent critical listening, translating client challenges and needs to action, coupled with the ability to match solutions and proposals to client audiences is key. Excellent attention to detail and accuracy while maintaining speed and consistency. Analytical mindset with the ability to use data to inform decisions. Strong presentation, writing and editing skills, including narrative storytelling where needed. Self-starter with the ability to be proactive and set priorities in a fast-paced environment. Experience in higher education is not required. Ability to learn and understand historical, current, and future trends in the rapidly emerging AI/ML space. 
Values & Abilities: 
 Innovative thinking and keeping up-to-date on the latest trends of AI. Identifying new channels to promote the Institute and help design targeted sales campaigns Excellent written and verbal skills and ability to communicate effectively across academia and industry. Team-player who can collaborative effectively across many teams within the University. Open-minded and assertive when collaborating and working within our team and with other groups within Northeastern University. Entrepreneurial mind-set with an ability to navigate complex structures, concepts, and processes 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 Salary commensurate with experience 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Northeastern University, along with offering comprehensive health benefits and insurance programs, provides a generous tuition benefit allowing full-time benefits-eligible faculty and staff nine credit hours of tuition per academic term. Further information on the tuition benefit can be found  here .
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  19 Jul 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Specialist jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Business Development Specialist salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
