
 
 
 
 Recruiting Qualifiers - Appointment Setters (REMOTE) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Recruiting Qualifiers - Appointment Setters (REMOTE) VoxelMaps Inc. 4 reviews Remote Remote $16 an hour  -   Temporary VoxelMaps Inc. 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $16 an hour Job Type Temporary Full Job Description ATTENTION CALL CENTER REPS & HIGH VOLUME RECRUITERS! 
Voxelmaps is seeking to fill the position of Recruiter Qualifier to assist with four (4) locations in the United States for a user study collection project. This position will be a hourly position that will extend to approximately a six (6) month duration. This is a temporary role that will not result in a full-time permanent position. 
VoxelMaps is looking for detail-oriented temporary Recruitment Qualifiers with a passion for Technology, People, and supporting the development of AI training. As a Recruitment Qualifier, you will be supporting a large study that will be developing new technology for consumer-based devices. 
VoxelMaps focuses on the development of AI Mapping, Field Collection, and Participant Based Studies. We work all over the nation and globally collecting data for AI training for some of the biggest tech giants in the industry. For more information about the project go to techresearchstudies.com 
THIS IS A WEEKENDS ONLY POSITION 
Responsibilities: 
You will help screen Participants for our User Testing studies using our phone software system to call user study test subjects from different parts of the world. 
You will call and prescreen all leads generated by the digital marketer and input any additional information into our CRM platform. 
This position is remote and you will need to work from the virtual office alongside other recruiters and recruiting manager. 
If eligibility after initial screening looks promising, you will schedule them for an appointment at our study site. 
Hours are typically 9-5pm, but we require flexibility of your schedule with some additional evening work due to different operational time zones. 
Qualification Requirements: 
1 to 2 years of recent experience in a call center or as a high volume recruiter 
Ability to communicate effectively and professional with Project Director, Project manager, Moderators, and Participants. 
Ability to make decisions, solve problems, and work independently with little supervision. 
Enjoys working in a team-oriented, service-focused environment. 
Demonstrate extreme attention to detail and accuracy. 
Ability to prioritize and meet deadlines. 
Basic computer proficiency. 
Knowledge in the use of Microsoft applications 
Knowledge in CRM’s and Scheduling Software 
Job Type: Part-time, Seasonal Temporary Employee 
Timeline: Approximately 6 months project that has started as of early September  (dates are tentative and start/end date subject to change depending on data collection) 
Hourly: $16 per hour, paid bi-weekly. 
EEO Statement: Voxelmaps is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
DISCLAIMER:  All claims and offers to compensation, rewards, and onboarding procedures are at the sole discretion of Voxelmaps. 
 aEvMoEBgbj VoxelMaps Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Appointment Generator jobs in Remote Jobs at VoxelMaps in Remote Appointment Generator salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from VoxelMaps Inc. 4 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
