
 
 
 
 Science Education Administrator (Program Director) - Alexandria, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Science Education Administrator (Program Director) US National Science Foundation 112 reviews Alexandria, VA Remote $148,933 - $190,947 a year  -   Full-time US National Science Foundation 112 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $148,933 - $190,947 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 The National Science Foundation is seeking qualified candidates for a Science Education Administrator (Program Director) position for the CyberCorps® Scholarship for Service (SFS) and the Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace (SaTC) programs, in the Division of Graduate Education (DGE) within the Directorate for Education and Human Resources (EHR), Alexandria, VA. 
 
For more information on EHR please click here. 
 
For more information on DGE please click here. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 NSF Program Directors have an unparalleled opportunity and responsibility to ensure NSF-funded research and development activities are at the forefront of advancing fundamental knowledge. In support of that, Program Directors are responsible for extensive interaction with academic research communities, formal and informal educational organizations, industry, as well as interaction with other Federal agencies that may lead to development of interagency collaborations. Within this context, Program Directors solicit, receive and review research and education proposals, make funding recommendations, administer awards and undertake interaction with research communities in these fields. They are also responsible for service to Foundation-wide activities and initiatives that together accomplish NSF's strategic goals to 1) Expand knowledge in science, engineering, and learning, 2) Advance the capability of the Nation to meet current and future challenges, and 3) Enhance NSF’s performance of its mission. The position requires a commitment to high standards of intellectualism and ethical conduct, a considerable breadth of interest, receptivity to new ideas, a strong sense of fairness, good judgment, and a high degree of personal integrity. 
 
The responsibilities of the NSF Program Director include, for example, long-range planning and budget development for the program, the administration of the merit review process and proposal recommendations, the preparation of press releases, feature articles and material describing advances in the research supported, and coordination and liaison with other programs in NSF, other Federal agencies and organizations. Additional duties and responsibilities include: 
 
PROGRAM PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 Maintains a healthy balance of support for all the needs of the research and education enterprise through program, division, directorate, Foundation, or interagency activities. 
 Manages program resources to provide optimal appropriate scientific judgment to insure integrity and consistency in the grant/declination process without conflict of interests, and with balance among appropriate sub-fields and institutions, and participation of all qualified scientists. 
 Incorporates cross-directorate responsibilities into program administration. 
 Manages an effective, timely merit review process, with attention to increasing the size and quality of the reviewer pools and insuring participation by women, minorities and disabled scientists. 
 Provides scientific expertise, evaluation and advice for other programs in NSF, including international programs, and other research programs, and cross-directorate programs. 
 Advises and assists in the development of short-and-long range plans, establishing goals and objectives for support of research programs.
 Plans the budget for the program/programs considering past, present and future fiscal years, allocates resources within the budget by distributing scarce resources among major competitive programs, and manages post-award evaluation. 
 Controls waste, fraud and abuse. 
 
REPRESENTATION, COMMUNICATION AND LEADERSHIP 
 
 Represents the Program, Division and the Foundation within the scientific community, with other NSF Divisions, with other appropriate agencies and organizations, and with the public, accurately reflecting NSF policy and positions. 
 Creates and maintains linkages to other NSF units and other Federal agencies in pursuit of the overall NSF mission. 
 Participates in staff, panel, committee and other meetings, providing input relevant to program area and/or Division. 
 Pursues affirmative action and Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) goals. 
 Pursues and/or is responsive to assignment on special projects and temporary function teams across the Foundation to solve problems, improve staff communication, and effect coordination for special programs. 
 Contributes ideas and effort to improving the quality of policies and NSF's performance of the overall mission. 
 Develops policies and plans for strengthening support of research and education programs. 
 Provides information to the community on how NSF is pursuing its mission and gathers data and impressions from the community on the effectiveness of NSF's performance of its mission. 
 Prepares and disseminates a variety of informational documents which may include data on progress being made toward NSF goals, trends and opportunities, and budget plans. 
 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT 
 
 Establishes contacts and maintains active involvement in Program and related areas through participation in professional activities. 
 Maintains familiarity with salient current research developments.
 Pursues individual research as workload and travel funds permit. 
 Expands administrative capabilities through training courses or assumption of new management. 
 
 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 04
 Job family (Series) 
 1701 General Education And Training
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Background investigation.
 Selective Service registration required for male applicants, unless exempt. 
 It is NSF policy that NSF personnel employed at or IPAs detailed to NSF are not permitted to participate in foreign government talent recruitment programs (Foreign Talent Definitions). Failure to comply with this NSF policy could result in disciplinary action up to and including removal from Federal Service or termination of an IPA assignment and referral to the Office of Inspector General.
 
 
You will need to successfully complete a background security investigation before you can be appointed into this position. 
 
All online applicants must provide a valid email address. If your email address is inaccurate or your mailbox is full or blocked, you may not receive important communication that could affect your consideration for this position. 
 
This position is in the bargaining unit.
 
 
Please preview "Evaluations" section and "Qualifications" for additional requirements and Quality Ranking Factors. 
 Qualifications 
 Candidates must have a Ph.D. in an appropriate science or engineering field related to cybersecurity, plus after award of the Ph.D., six or more years of successful research, research administration, and/or managerial experience pertinent to the position. 
 
 This position is outside the competitive civil service. 
 
You must meet eligibility and qualification requirements by the closing date of the announcement. 
 Education 
 Additional information 
 Relocation expenses MAY be paid contingent upon the availability of funds
 
 
This announcement is open to (All US Citizens OR current NSF employees) who meet citizenship and eligibility requirements.
 
 
Federal Appropriations Law requires that Non-Citizens meet certain eligibility criteria to be considered. Therefore, Non-Citizens must certify eligibility by signing and attaching this Citizenship Affidavit to their application. Non-citizens who do not provide the affidavit at the time of application will not be considered. 
 
This announcement may be used to fill like positions in other organizations within the National Science Foundation. 
 
NSF has determined that all of its positions are eligible for telework. Work suitable for telework depends on job duties; therefore, employees must receive approval from their supervisor for telework and have a telework agreement in place. Entering into a telework agreement is voluntary. 
 
The Selected Candidate(s) may be subject to a background investigation. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 You will be evaluated on the extent and quality of your experience, expertise, education, and research activities relevant to the duties of the position. In some cases, additional assessment processes may also be used. 
 
We strongly encourage you to specifically address the Quality Ranking Factors below. This will ensure that you receive full consideration in the evaluation process. 
 
Quality Ranking Factors 
 
 Demonstrated knowledge of the cybersecurity and privacy field and its intersection with emerging areas of artificial intelligence, next generation wireless and/or quantum information science. 
 Demonstrated commitment, expertise, and experience in supporting cybersecurity education and workforce development. 
 Research, analytical, presentation, and technical writing skills that evidence an ability to communicate effectively with relevant stakeholders. 
 Ability to design, plan, coordinate, and manage a complex portfolio and program outcomes to achieve organizational objectives. 
 Ability to interact, on a peer basis, with senior scientific and managerial personnel throughout the NSF, other governmental agencies, academia, non-profits, and the private sector. 
 
 
 To preview questions please  click here . 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Moderate Risk (MR)
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 A ll applicants must submit a resume in any format, and may also submit a cover letter. 
 
 
 In order to be considered for federal appointments,  Non-Citizens  must affirm that they meet the Appropriations Law eligibility criteria by signing and attaching this  Citizenship Affidavit  to their application. Non citizens who do not provide the affidavit at the time of application will not be considered. Non Citizens who are exempt from the Appropriations Law requirements due to their status as officers or employees of the U.S. government on December 16, 2009 must provide a statement with their application noting their exemption with documentation of proof of status as officers or employees of the U.S. government on that date. 
 
 You are strongly encouraged to submit a current performance appraisal and/or letter(s) of recommendation and a supplemental statement that describes how your background relates to the Quality Ranking Factors (QRFs) listed in the  Qualifications and Evaluation Requirements  section of this announcement. This information will be used in the evaluation process.
 
 
 You should upload your letter of recommendation(s) or the individual(s) can email the letter of recommendation(s) to  adsearch@nsf.gov ; please ask him/her to put your name and the job announcement number in the subject line. 
 
 Transcripts are not required; however, please indicate the year that each degree was obtained on your application materials. 
 
 All uploading must be completed before 11:59 PM Eastern time on the vacancy closing date. 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 A GREAT LOCATION! The National Science Foundation Headquarters is conveniently located across the street from the Eisenhower Avenue Metro Station, right in Alexandria, VA, a few miles from downtown Washington, DC. There are shops and restaurants within walking distance, as well as historic Old Town Alexandria a short trip away. Employees receive the Federal benefits package and NSF offers: 
 
 Pre-tax parking 
 Public transportation subsidy 
 Child care subsidy 
 Flexible working hours 
 Telecommuting 
 Physical Fitness Facility on site 
 Health Services Unit on site 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 Applications will be accepted from all US citizens who meet citizenship and eligibility requirements. Please see the "Other Information" section for further information. usajobs.gov 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Education Director jobs in Alexandria, VA Jobs at US National Science Foundation in Alexandria, VA Education Director salaries in Alexandria, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from US National Science Foundation 112 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
