
 
 
 
 Financial Reporting Analyst (502) - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Financial Reporting Analyst (502) JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Boston, MA Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description J.P. Morgan delivers an extensive solution for Mutual Fund clients seeking independent administration and custody services or to outsource their day-to-day operations.
 The Financial Reporting team is an integral part of the Fund Administration service team at JP Morgan. The Financial Reporting team is responsible for the preparation and review of financial statements, regulatory reports, and client specific ad-hoc reporting; liaising with clients, auditors, and internal stakeholders to accomplish the goal of providing accurate, timely, value-added deliverables to our clients. The team provides an innovative workplace that deploys cutting edge tools and aims to continuously re-engineer existing processes to build a next generation financial reporting platform with the use of Data Analytics and AI.
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Build and maintain effective working relationships with internal team members, as well as with other J.P. Morgan teams
 Prepare client-specific reporting
 Prepare draft financial statements and regulatory reports
 Prioritize tasks and assignments to meet deadlines, and escalate concerns to manager
 Learn and apply departmental and team procedures and applicable systems
 Recommend adjustments and improvements to departmental and team procedures and applicable system enhancements
 Monitor team inbox for client queries and identify appropriate responsible party
 Actively engage in coaching and on-the-job training with peers and co-workers
 
Qualifications:
 
 Ability to work independently and multi-task in a fast-paced environment
 Strong analytical and time management skills
 Excellent attention to detail
 Problem solving / issue resolution skills
 Team player with the ability to work productively within a group
 Strong verbal and written communication skills
 Proficient in Excel and some knowledge of programming (Python, SQL etc.) to do data analysis, reporting and Visualizations would be a plus.
 Familiarity with Financial Reporting, Accounting, Data Analytics, preferred
 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Reporting Analyst jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Boston, MA Reporting Analyst salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
