
 
 
 
 AI Productization Engineer - San Jose, CA 95126 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Productization Engineer Mendel San Jose, CA 95126 Our mission is to exponentially improve drug development and the practice of medicine by learning from the care journey of every patient. We do it by developing novel AI and data pipelining technologies that can connect medical centers across the world and make sense of both unstructured and structured clinical data. 
 
There have been many failed attempts to build a similar platform leaving the clinical and research community with one of two options: breadth with low fidelity (structured data) or high fidelity without breadth and scale (brute force abstraction of unstructured data). Our IP is a foundational breakthrough that can understand clinical context at scale and have been validated by marquee pharma and data companies. 
You will be primarily working on productizing a wide variety of novel AI models developed by our R&D team. You'll be working with data engineering in making sure the productized system can scale out to our SLAs. 
 
Who you are: 
 
 You hold a BS, MS, or PhD in computer science or related field 
 Proficiency and strong experience with languages like Java, Scala, Python, C++ and Go 
 You are passionate about building scalable systems with constraints on CPU vs GPU. 
 You have prior experience with productization of AI models from various frameworks. And would be working with R&D teams on productization of various POCs. 
 You are inspired by our mission to improve healthcare through technology. 
 You have a track record of being an A player. We define an A player as a candidate who has at least 90% chance of achieving a set of outcomes that only the top 10% of possible candidates could achieve. 
 
 Bonus points if you have any of the following: 
 
 Hacked a non-computer system before. 
 Libraries like TensorFlow, Karas, PyTorch, sci-kit, NumPy, Deep Java Library. 
 Experience with Kubernetes 
 Experience building healthcare applications 
 Contribute to open source projects 
 
Why You Should Join Our Team 
 
Benjamin Franklin once said: "If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write something worth reading, or do something worth writing." — at Mendel you can do the latter. There are two things more devastating than learning that you or your loved ones have a terminal illness; getting the wrong treatment or not finding any. At Mendel, we are on a sincere mission to solve many never-solved-before technology challenges that can enable prescribers and drug makers to do their best. 
 
We are also a fast growing Silicon Valley startup that has raised more than $20M from blue chip venture firms, with revenues more than doubling year to year, tons of benefits, on-site gym, child care, educational leaves, mentorship programs and commuter benefits. Mendel 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Product Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Mendel in San Jose, CA Product Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mendel Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
