
 
 
 
 SR Data Engineer Augmented Intelligence - Missouri - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SR Data Engineer Augmented Intelligence Cardinal Health 4,128 reviews Missouri Cardinal Health 4,128 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Headquartered in Dublin, Ohio, Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE: CAH) is a global, integrated healthcare services and products company connecting patients, providers, payers, pharmacists and manufacturers for integrated care coordination and better patient management. Backed by nearly 100 years of experience, with more than 50,000 employees in nearly 60 countries, Cardinal Health ranks among the top 20 on the Fortune 500. 
We currently have a career opening for a SR Data Engineer Augmented Intelligence. We are open to a remote worker in this role. 
Department Overview: 
augmented Intelligence (augIntel) builds automation, analytics and artificial intelligence solutions that drive success for Cardinal Health by creating material savings, efficiencies and revenue growth opportunities. The team drives business innovation by leveraging emerging technologies and turning them into differentiating business capabilities. 
Job Overview: 
The primary role of the Senior Data Engineer is to support and expand the Data & Analytics platforms that process, store, organize the data critical for the data and analytics team. This role will lead the technical strategy and execution to provide trusted, stable, reliable, responsive and secure solutions and proactively inform business partners on D&A platform and product health, and problem resolution. This role will have expertise in data movement and database technologies support data analytics and Machine Learning (ML) / Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities. This person will work collaboratively with Shared Services/Cloud teams, offshore developers, and business users to solve business problems and deliver solutions. 
Participate in technical platform strategy as tools, products, and business needs evolve
 Define and execute database and data movement standards, design reviews, pipeline CI/CD process, and data container policies to ensure high quality data management
 Define how our data analytics and ML/AI capabilities will apply to business needs and result in dependable business solutions
 Ensure technical specifications are aligned with both business needs and technical design standards
 Partner with external consultants, solution providers, and managed services organizations to enable product/solution development as well as meeting documented standards
 Interact with multiple organizations to track project progress, identify risks, communicate risks and status to leadership, and to assess potential impacts to the business.
 Generate ideas and suggestions for process and technical improvements for platforms and processes supported by the team
 Ensure platforms and tools meet or exceed data security standards, including internal and external audits performed
 Willingness to become a techno-functional expert in the solutions being implemented.
 Use strong verbal and written communication skills that non-technical business and end-users can understand.
 Independently determines method for completion of new activities, including leading less skilled resources (CAH and external) toward problem and project resolution
 Develop best practices for solution and tool frameworks, leveraging standard naming conventions, scripting and coding practices to ensure consistency of data solution.
 Qualifications: 
Required: 
Advanced experience with data platforms including GCP, HANA, Teradata, My SQL and SQL Server.
 Demonstrated expertise of database design and modeling.
 Expert knowledge of BI Reporting and Data Discovery tools.
 Experience with business critical applications.
 Experience on large-scale implementation programs preferred.
 Preferred skills: 
Experience with SAP or integrating 
Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, creed, status with regard to public assistance, genetic status or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. Cardinal Health 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Missouri Jobs at Cardinal Health in Missouri Data Engineer salaries in Missouri Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cardinal Health Cardinal Health 4,128 reviews About Cardinal Health

Cardinal Health, a global health services and products company, brings scaled solutions that help our customers ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
