
 
 
 
 IP Counsel - Milpitas, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IP Counsel Motional Milpitas, CA We are seeking a talented IP Counsel with experience in preparing and prosecuting patent applications to maintain and enhance our IP portfolio. The position is based out of our Santa Monica office. 
 
What You'll Be Doing 
 
 Manage the preparation and prosecution of patent applications from ideation to filing 
 Lead patent harvesting and brainstorming sessions across different sites 
 Review outside counsel work product including draft patent applications and draft office action responses 
 Manage and assist with growing our IP portfolio including patents and trademarks 
 
 What We're Looking For 
 
 Degree in Computer Science, Computer or Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Automotive Engineering or other relevant technical discipline 
 2+ years of US patent prosecution experience at a law firm or technology company with a proven track record of drafting and prosecuting applications to protect ideas related to software, machine learning, artificial intelligence, data processing, and automotive sensors 
 USPTO registration 
 Member of at least one State bar in the US 
 Strong ability to write concisely and clearly 
 Ability to collaborate effectively with both engineers and outside counsel 
 Ability and willingness to work across time zones 
 Comfortable with a minimum of 25% travel (domestic and international) per year 
 
 Bonus Points (not required) 
 
 Master's or higher qualification in Computer Science, Computer or Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Automotive Engineering, or other relevant technical discipline 
 Foreign prosecution experience (European, Chinese experience preferred) 
 Experience with trademark prosecution, open-source software licenses, technology licensing 
Motional is making driverless vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality. 
 Our team is commercializing a world-class driverless system. The Motional team is behind some of the industry's largest leaps forward in the last decade, including the first fully-autonomous cross-country drive in the U.S, the launch of the world's first robotaxi pilot, and operation of the world's most-established public robotaxi fleet. Strategically formed by Hyundai Motor Group and Aptiv, Motional is fundamentally changing how people move through their lives. 
 
 Headquartered in Boston, Motional has operations in the US and Asia. For more information, visit www.Motional.com and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. 
 
 
 Motional AD Inc. is an EOE. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To comply with Federal Law, we participate in E-Verify. All newly-hired employees are queried through this electronic system established by the DHS and the SSA to verify their identity and employment eligibility. Motional 11 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Milpitas, CA Jobs at Motional in Milpitas, CA Counsel salaries in Milpitas, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Motional Motional is making driverless vehicles a safe, reliable, and accessible reality.

Our team is commercializing a world-class driverless ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
