
 
 
 
 Designware / Datapath R&D Engineer - Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Designware / Datapath R&D Engineer Synopsys 261 reviews Hillsboro, OR 97124 Synopsys 261 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. 29224BR 
 USA - Oregon - Hillsboro
 Job Description and Requirements 
 Designware / Datapath R&D Engineer 
 
 We’re looking for a Senior R&D Engineer to join the team. 
 
Does this sound like a good role for you? 
 
In this role you would be working in the Designware/Datapath R&D as a team member working on projects in the areas of Arithmetic, Datapath synthesis and optimization, RTL high-level optimization, power optimization and physical synthesis for datapath circuits. 
 
The responsibilities will include implementing efficient algorithms and data structures as well as tuning optimization heuristics for datapath and DSP circuits used by the cutting-edge digital ICs. In this role, please expect to deliver high quality software based on robust solutions and rigorous testing. 
 
 Key Qualifications: 
Master in CS/EE/CE with 5+ years of relevant experience or a PhD with strong research background in the synthesis, arithmetic, low-power, physical design areas. 
Experience in developing and maintaining C or C++ based applications on Unix/Linux. Skillful in using script languages such as TCL, Perl, Unix shell scripts. 
Experience with software development processes, and proficiency with debugging tools. 
Proficiency in designing data structures, algorithms, and specs for sophisticated software products. 
You must have strong communication skills, verbal and written with the ability to coordinate discussions with other R&D teams. 
Prior domain knowledge in one or more of the following EDA areas: 
 Arithmetic and Datapath synthesis and optimization RTL high-level optimization Digital circuit power analysis and optimization Digital IC design flows (ASIC and FPGA). 
Prior knowledge and experience of EDA tool development and hardware design would be a BIG plus! 
 
At Synopsys, we’re at the heart of the innovations that change the way we work and play. Self-driving cars. Artificial Intelligence. The cloud. 5G. The Internet of Things. These breakthroughs are ushering in the Era of Smart Everything. And we’re powering it all with the world’s most advanced technologies for chip design and software security. If you share our passion for innovation, we want to meet you. 
 
 Inclusion and Diversity are important to us. Synopsys considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, military veteran status, or disability. 
 Job Category 
 Engineering
 Country 
 United States
 Hire Type 
 Employee Synopsys 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job R&D Engineer jobs in Hillsboro, OR Jobs at Synopsys in Hillsboro, OR R&D Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Synopsys Synopsys 261 reviews Synopsys technology is at the heart of innovations that are changing the way people work and play. Self-driving cars. Machines that learn... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
