
 
 
 
 Scientist, Bioinformatics (Molecular Profiling) - Tarrytown, NY 10591 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist, Bioinformatics (Molecular Profiling) Regeneron 270 reviews Tarrytown, NY 10591 Full-time Regeneron 270 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scientist, Bioinformatics (Molecular Profiling) 
We are seeking a self-motivated Computational Scientist who values independent research and new method development. You will join an inspiring and collaborative bioinformatics team that uses multi-omics data to understand the mechanisms of antitumor immunity in the Immuno-Oncology (IO) space. 
 In this role, a typical day might include the following: 
 Lead bioinformatic studies in oncolytic virus treatments for cancer field and apply AI and other groundbreaking technologies to anti-tumor adaptive immune response studies. Work in concert with IO pre-clinical and clinical teams to design molecular profiling experiments, draft data analysis plans, and provide critical analytics support. Prepare presentations and documentations for collaborators, senior management and government agencies. Publish and present novel findings in peer-reviewed journals and conferences. Design, develop, and implement tools for processing and analyzing high-throughput next-generation sequencing data, including but not limited to single cell sequencing, WGS, ExomeSeq, RNASeq, copy number, methylation data, etc. Contribute to team efforts of developing Molecular Profiling strategies and benchmark standards. 
This job might be for you if you: 
 Bring innovative thinking to large-scale omics genomic data analysis. Have a strong work ethic and are proactive in providing solutions to foster scientific collaborations and drive projects forward within Regeneron. Value teamwork and team excellence. 
To be considered for this role, you must have a PhD degree in bioinformatics, computer science or a related field as well as 3 years of postdoc relevant working experience. Working experience in cancer genomics and proven programming skills. Proficiency with scientific computing software (R or MATLAB), scripting languages (Python) and bioinformatics tools. 
#LI-EG2 
 
Does this sound like you? Apply now to take your first steps toward living the Regeneron Way! We have an inclusive and diverse culture that provides amazing benefits including health and wellness programs, fitness centers and stock for employees at all levels! 
 
Regeneron is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion or belief (or lack thereof), sex, nationality, national or ethnic origin, civil status, age, citizenship status, membership of the Traveler community, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, familial status, marital or registered civil partnership status, pregnancy or maternity status, gender identity, gender reassignment, military or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application process. Please contact us to discuss any accommodations you think you may need. Regeneron 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Tarrytown, NY Jobs at Regeneron in Tarrytown, NY Scientist salaries in Tarrytown, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Regeneron Regeneron 270 reviews Regeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading science and technology company delivering life-transforming medicines for serious diseases.

Foun... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
