
 
 
 
 Chaired Professorship in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Ethics - Charlottesville, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chaired Professorship in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Ethics The Rector & Visitors of the University of Virginia 326 reviews Charlottesville, VA Full-time The Rector & Visitors of the University of Virginia 326 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The McIntire School of Commerce at the University of Virginia seeks a distinguished scholar to fill a Named Chaired Professorship in Artificial Intelligence ( A I ) and Ethics at the rank of Tenured Full Professor with a start date of August 2022. This position will be responsible for conducting research, teaching, and outreach related to the ethical application of AI. The successful candidate will have a n earned a doctorate in IS or a related discipline, a s ustained career of strong scholarly productivity with research of high quality and impact to the Information Systems (IS) field; a record of outstanding teaching and a commitment to teaching excellence; and will be committed to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion at the McIntire School of Commerce and the University of Virginia.
 The strongest candidates will have (1) an established international research profile , (2) demonstrated leadership in the IS field, (3) the ability to develop and deliver innovative curriculum on Ethics in AI to undergraduate, graduate, and executive audiences , (4) demonstrated commitment to the application of information technologies such as AI for the common good, and ( 5 ) a proven ability to provide both internal and external service contributions. We are committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all people and welcome diversity in all forms.
 The Information Technology A rea at the McIntire School of Commerce provides a supportive and collegial environment that highly values collaborative research, teaching, and service. We offer competitive salar ies , research support, and research-oriented teaching load s . Our faculty hold or have held editorships and editorial review board appointments in top IS journals; leadership positions in AIS, national, and international conferences; and are recipients of numerous teaching and research awards. 
 The University of Virginia is one of the highest ranked public universities in the United States, and the McIntire School of Commerce ( www.commerce.virginia.edu ) awards a Bachelor of Science in Commerce, and Master of Science degrees in the Management of Information Technology, Business Analytics, Commerce, Accounting, and Global Commerce. McIntire is recognized for excellence and innovation in undergraduate and graduate business education and scholarship. In various annual rankings of undergraduate and graduate business programs, including U.S. News, Bloomberg Businessweek, Poets & Quants, and The Economist, the McIntire School of Commerce is routinely ranked in the top ten. The McIntire School is dedicated to educat ing and inspir ing students to become visionary leaders who shape global business with integrity, purpose intercultural fluency , and a fundamental understanding of how commerce can contribute to the common good.
 TO APPLY  : Please visit UVA job board https://uva.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/UVAJobs ( Search for posting R0027952 ) to complete the application ( applications must be complete d through UVA Workday) , and attach the following:
 A c over letter of interest to include y our philosophy and experience in teaching and research.
 A statement describing your k nowledge, skills, abilities, and experiences that support excellence through diversity, equity, and inclusion (Inclusive Excellence) . IE Statement Guidance for applicants can be found here, https://eocr.virginia.edu/Contribution-IE-Applicants .
 Curriculum vita
 Review of applicants will begin September 25, 2021 and the position will remain open until filled. Those applicants who progress through the search will be requested to provide names and contact information for three references. 
 For questions about the application process, please contact Rhiannon O’Coin , Senior Academic Recruiter, rmo2r@virginia.edu or one of the hiring committee co-chairs: Suprateek Sarker , suprateek.sarker@comm.virginia.edu or Steven L. Johnson , steven@virginia.edu . 
 The University of Virginia assists UVA faculty spouses and partners seeking employment in the Charlottesville area. To learn more about these services, please see https://dualcareer.virginia.edu/ . 
 For more information about UVA and the Charlottesville community please see www.virginia.edu/life/charlottesville and https://embarkcva.com/ 
 The selected candidate will be required to complete a background check at the time of the offer per University Policy. 
 
 COVID Vaccination Requirement 
 
 The University of Virginia expects all current and new employees (UVA Health System and Academic), to be vaccinated against COVID-19.
 
 
 If hired to work within the University Health System, you will be required to provide proof of vaccination or be willing to receive the vaccination.  Employees may request a medical or religious exemption from vaccination.
 
 
If hired to work on the Academic side of the University, excluding the School of Medicine, School of Nursing, UPG, and the Health Systems Library, you will be required to provide proof of vaccination or be willing to submit to mandatory, weekly prevalence testing. Employees that are working 100% remotely will not be subject to weekly prevalence testing; however, if the employee works on UVA Grounds (including the Medical Center) even intermittently, then they are required to be tested for COVID-19 once per week on an indefinite basis and follow masking mandates.
 
 
NOTE: Some medical and safety-sensitive positions require vaccination and are not eligible for an exemption. For more information on how the vaccination and testing requirements will apply to you at your work location, see the UVA New Hire Vaccination Requirements webpage.
 The University of Virginia, i  ncluding the UVA Health System which represents the UVA Medical Center, Schools of Medicine and Nursing, UVA Physician’s Group and the Claude Moore Health Sciences Library,  are fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is excellence expressing itself through every person's perspectives and lived experiences. We are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information. University of Virginia 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chairperson jobs in Charlottesville, VA Chairperson salaries in Charlottesville, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Rector & Visitors of the University of Virginia The Rector & Visitors of the University of Virginia 326 reviews The University of Virginia (UVA, U.Va. or Virginia), is a research university founded by U.S. President Thomas Jefferson and located in C... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
