
 
 
 
 Sales Executive - State/Local Strategy and Analytics, Artificial Intelligence - Rosslyn, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Executive - State/Local Strategy and Analytics, Artificial Intelligence Deloitte 10,220 reviews Rosslyn, VA 22209 Full-time Deloitte 10,220 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Sales Executive - State, Local, Higher Education Strategy and Analytics, Artificial Intelligence
 
 
Deloitte is seeking a top-performing Sales Executive (SE) within its Strategy and Analytics practice to pursue AI, analytics, data, and intelligent automation opportunities within the State, Local, and Higher Education (SLHE) sector. Our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients leverage rigorous analytical capabilities and brings a pragmatic mindset to solve the most complex of problems. By joining our sales team, you will play a key role in leveraging your existing relationships, and helping to identify, incubate and close strategic opportunities in the Government, specifically SLHE sector, marketplace.
 
 
 Work You'll Do:
 
 
The Sales Executive (SE) sells data analytics, intelligent automation, and AI technology to all sectors of our government practice and markets. These capabilities include CortexAI for Government solutions, and other Deloitte assets.
 
 
The SE's responsibilities include: 
 
 
 Leverage existing and build new client relationships, develop leads, cultivate a targeted list of prospects and lead sales efforts within a targeted set of clients working closely with Account and Practice leaders 
Identify and influence key decision-makers at all levels within the client organization. 
Develop internal relationships and collaborate with Deloitte leadership to formulate and execute on a go-to-market strategy. Including the development of strategic and tactical plans to meet or exceed sales objectives. 
Understand the competitive landscape and client needs in order to effectively position our strategy and analytics practice and solutions. Stay current with trends and competitors to identify teaming relationships, improvements or recommend new products 
Assist account teams and practice leaders with qualifying, pursuing and closing opportunities 
Play a leadership role in driving pursuits, contribute to the development of proposals and coach the team through orals preparation 
Represent Deloitte by spending time in the field and presenting at conferences/policy forums 
Maintain accurate and timely customer, pipeline, and forecast data working with Sales Operations team 
In addition to the above demand generation activities, the SE is responsible for demand management, i.e., working with the practice leaders to determine the detailed pursuit strategy for each strategic opportunity. This will require fostering of relationships across various Deloitte practice areas, developing consensus, and teaming with other elements of the Firm to appropriately target, purse and close engagements.
 
 
 Qualifications
 
 
The ideal candidate will be a senior salesperson with a significant level of business development experience and successful track record in selling consulting services, in the data analytics, intelligent automation, and cognitive technologies. These transactions are characterized by long sales cycles and significant dollar transactions. The typical candidate will bring approximately 10-15 years of selling experience accompanied by 5-10 years of sales management experience. 
 
 
 Familiarity with industry-leading technologies and relationships with key alliance partners that drive automation, data management, data ingestion, integration, and wrangling.
 Proven successful track record of selling throughout all aspects of the sales cycle from lead identification, thru qualification and deal closure. 
Proven consistent track record of delivering over $15-20 million of new sales revenue per annum with demonstrated year-on-year growth in revenue 
Over 5 years of experience with building and maintaining relationships within government clients. 
Self-motivated and goal-oriented, desire to deliver results 
Ability to develop and secure new relationships with buyers, decision makers, influencers and other referral sources across a variety of industries 
Expertise in relationship building that increases account penetration and leads to increased revenue opportunities with existing clients 
Success in working closely with service line leaders, partners, practitioners and other SEs to develop strategies and tactics that drive targeting programs and win business 
Existing knowledge of the analytics, intelligent automation, and artificial intelligence market is a must 
Travel up to 50% (While 50% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice) 
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future 
Preferred Skills: 
 
 
 Bachelor's degree 
 
 
 How You'll Grow
 
 
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there is always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.
 
 
SalesOpsGreenDot
 
 
ExperiencedCMGOps Deloitte 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Executive jobs in Rosslyn, VA Jobs at Deloitte in Rosslyn, VA Sales Executive salaries in Rosslyn, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,220 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
