
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Associate, Marelli Lab - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Associate, Marelli Lab MIT 381 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time MIT 381 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity.
 Information on MIT’s COVID-19 vaccination requirement can be found at the bottom of this posting. 
 
 POSTDOCTORAL ASSOCIATE ,  Civil and Environmental Engineering , to assume a position in structural protein design and synthetic biology in the Marelli Lab. The project involves the design of new structural proteins using AI/ML tools and/or currently available software and algorithms for the design, modeling and computational analysis of protein structures (e.g., Rosetta, Gromacs). 
 
The Marelli Lab is particularly interested in developing new methods to integrate state-of-the-art structure design and prediction algorithms with synthetic biology. Additional information on the long term goals of the project are available at https://mitibmwatsonailab.mit.edu/people/benedetto-marelli/. Previous output from the project is available at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.eml.2020.100652. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 REQUIRED : a Ph.D. in biomedical engineering, materials engineering, or related field; experience with computational methods. Experience with protein synthetic biology is highly desirable. Those interested in structural protein folding and protein structure prediction, protein-protein interaction, and/or protein-ligand docking are strongly encouraged to apply.  Job #19680 
 
 
In addition to applying online via the MIT website, please submit a CV and brief description of your research interests and achievements to bmarelli@mit.edu. MIT 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at MIT in Cambridge, MA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT MIT 381 reviews The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
