
 
 
 
 VP, Account Management - Insurance and Banking (Remote-US) - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Account Management - Insurance and Banking (Remote-US) Sitel 11,611 reviews United States Remote Sitel 11,611 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company As the Vice President of Account Management (Remote-US) you will own a client portfolio as well as manage the Account Management team supporting our Insurance and Banking vertical markets. 
 
 You will ensure that the Sitel Group strategy is deployed across all accounts while understanding and supporting our client’s strategy and priorities. Your leadership will represent Sitel both to our internal and external clients. 
 
 To be successful in this role you will have a “doer” mentality and demonstrate strong work ethic (integrity). You will use your experience in strategic and innovative thinking to guide Sitel’s transformational vision. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Manage and develop your team of Account Managers and Directors remotely. 
 Oversee management of existing accounts by ensuring you and your team develops a solid and trusting partnership within each account; while expanding and securing share of wallet and new business opportunities. 
 Meet with assigned clients and prospects with appropriate regularity to assess business needs, manage complex customer transactions, and resolve customer concerns. Be available on short notice to field escalations. 
 Oversee the creation, maintenance and execution of 1-3 year actionable strategic account plans aligned with internal stakeholders, inclusive of diversified growth, SWOT analysis and strategic roadmap. 
 Negotiate complex commercial agreements with clients beneficial to both the client and meeting company needs.
 Provide ongoing market intelligence, thought leadership & communicate your expert insights to client stakeholders to strengthen and expand business. 
 Overseeing account budgets, forecasting, reporting and commercial models. 
 Oversee the development and implementation of your team’s tactical plans. 
 Utilizing Salesforce and other support systems pertaining to the specific needs of the customer and Sitel. 
 
 Experience: 
 5+ years’ experience in an Account Management client-facing role with experience in account growth and creating strategies that exceed the business goals of our clients
 8 or more years’ experience in the BPO industry
 Experience in the Banking and Insurance verticals highly preferred 
 3+ years’ experience managing a team of 5 or more direct reports, with P&L or budget responsibility 
 Experience in pro-actively identifying opportunities to cross-/up-selling into accounts 
 Experience in pricing, contract negotiations and proactive thoughtful proposals 
 Designing proactive proposals outside of RFP process 
 Skills/Knowledge/Abilities: 
 
 Ability to strategize and develop best in-class practices to effectively create, communicate and deliver customized solutions that address your customer’s pain points and help drive incremental sales growth.
 Proven ability to manage diverse teams of people and complex, large scale accounts. 
 Ability to positively influence current clients, prospects, and internal stakeholders. 
 Knowledgeable in designing and preparing long and short-term strategic plans to achieve assigned goals. 
 Demonstrated ability to quickly identify and resolve problems, or develop alternative solutions. 
 Ability to create, articulate and execute your strategy to achieve revenue targets. 
 Excellent sales and negotiation skills. 
 Effective priority and time management skills. 
 Excellent verbal, written and presentation communications skills. 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree 
 
 Travel: 
 Post Covid - 60% - Domestic and International 
 Learn, Lead & Grow at Sitel Group® 
 We believe experiences are everything, and that happy associates are successful ones. That’s why we give our people the tools and the freedom to learn, grow, have fun and be themselves. 
 
 GROW AS YOU GO.  We invest in you, with internal programs, training and initiatives to develop your skills and help you reach your goals. We promote from within. We provide you with the tools, skills and resources to develop, both professionally and personally. You choose where you want to go; we help you get there. 
 BE BOLD, BE YOU.  #SitelLife represents our commitment to our people -to YOU. It's about coming exactly as you are. We empower everyone to live their truth, be themselves and use their voice -and we give them a platform to do so. 
 WORK TOGETHER TO MAKE AN IMPACT.  We strive to make the world a better place and empower others to do the same. We are mission-driven -and we leverage the power of our people to make a positive impact in the communities in which we live and work. 
 GAIN STABILITY, EXPAND POSSIBILITIES.  We celebrate successes and reward our people for the hard work they do every day. We offer benefits to keep you healthy and happy, such as paid time off and referral bonuses. Plus, fun perks like employee discounts. 
 MAXIMIZE YOUR EXPERIENCE.  We value open, honest and constructive conversation. We encourage you to speak up -and we listen when you do. Through MAX, our global community, we leverage our people's innovative ideas, experiences and feedback to shape and drive the future of Sitel Group. 
 
 About Sitel Group® 
 
 As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brands, from Fortune 500 companies to local startups, to design, build and deliver a competitive edge across all customer touchpoints. With our award-winning culture built on 35+ years of industry-leading experience and commitment to improving the employee experience, we improve business results by pairing innovative design thinking and digital solutions – including self-service, artificial intelligence (AI), automation, and data-driven analytics – with the expertise, emotion, and empathy of our people to  Create Connection. Value Conversation. 
 To learn more, visit www.sitel.com or join the conversation on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Sitel 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Account Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Sitel in United States Account Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sitel Sitel 11,611 reviews As a global leader in end-to-end customer experience (CX) products and solutions, Sitel Group® partners with the world’s best-loved brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
