
 
 
 
 Technology Sales: Full-time Opportunities for University Graduates - Bellevue, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technology Sales: Full-time Opportunities for University Graduates Microsoft 7,267 reviews Bellevue, WA Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Every year, we welcome thousands of university graduates from every corner of the world to join Microsoft. You bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. 
 
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and when you begin your career with us, we empower you through the Microsoft Aspire Experience. Those hired into the roles listed below are invited to participate in this two-year learning and development experience where you'll build your network, cultivate intentional capabilities and gain perspective into the career opportunities across Microsoft’s many exciting businesses. 
 
We’re a company of learn-it-all’s rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes. 
 
 Are you ready to join us and create the future?  Come as you are, do what you love—start your journey with us today! 
Responsibilities 
Role Description 
Applications to these opportunities are considered for all available  Technology Sales  roles, including but not limited to, those described below: 
 
 Technical Specialist 
Technology Specialists (TSs) drive the technical motions within sales driving specific solution area revenue and market share. Based on the tremendous opportunity of digital transformation across every individual and organization, we focus our broad portfolio of assets and go-to-market efforts across four key solution areas: Modern Workplace, Business Applications, Apps & Infrastructure, and Data & AI. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Engages with and guides customers toward technical decisions to purchase and use Microsoft technology. Leverages sales strategy to address customer digital transformation and align technology to customer business needs. Understands customer needs, collects customer feedback, and provides strategic input to customers. Demonstrates Microsoft solutions to prove capabilities, applies architectures to client scenarios, and engages in partner sell-with scenarios to scale through partners. Acts as an orchestration point for technical resources and works to resolve blockers in order to achieve solution implementations. 
 
 Account Technology Strategist 
Account Technology Strategists (ATS) are our enterprise customer's chief architects. Acting as a chief architect offers a high profile, customer-facing role that is the primary technical face and orchestration point for enterprise customers. Successful ATS' have a strong, proven IT background and demonstrated knowledge with a broad range of Microsoft solutions and technologies. 
 
As an ATS you must relish the opportunity to build and maintain trusted advisor relationships with technical leads at some of America's largest organizations including CIOs, CTOs, Enterprise Architects, and IT Directors 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Provides technology guidance to clients and orchestrates the interaction between clients and Microsoft resources. Drives new opportunities, demand generation, digital transformation, and the mapping of industry/business scenarios to Microsoft solutions. Drives conversations with clients to present the strategic value of Microsoft solutions and acts as a trusted technology advisor both internally and externally with technical and/or business decision-makers. Gathers insights about client business and leverages existing architecture approaches to achieve Microsoft’s agreed commitments to clients. 
 
 Partner Technology Strategist 
As a Partner Technical Architect (PTA) you work with partners to build an ecosystem of solutions. The PTA is a hands-on, highly technical role, accountable for working with Microsoft’s partners to help architect and develop complex end-to-end solutions. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Ensures partner capability to bring new solutions to market that drive both partner growth and Microsoft revenues and orchestrates projects/programs according to partner plan. Acts as a trusted advisor to key decision makers by learning about the partner organization, advising on solutions, and positioning Microsoft offerings. Generates business insights to inform strategic planning and leverages teams in gathering insights to address client business challenges. Drives execution of technology adoption and digital transformation strategy to build partner capability, drive technology consumption, and ensure client satisfaction. 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications 
 Currently pursuing or have completed bachelor's degree in Compter Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Business or related field. Passion for technology and working with customers Strong balance of both business and technical skills Exceptional negotiation, customer service, and interpersonal skills Excellent verbal and written communication, analytical and presentation skills Technical consulting, technical consultative selling, product development, or related technical/sales experience is a plus 
 
Visit our Careers FAQ Page to learn more about the interview process and answers to commonly asked questions. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in Bellevue, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Bellevue, WA Sales Representative salaries in Bellevue, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
