
 
 
 
 Materials Scientist - Southfield, MI 48076 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Materials Scientist EATON 4,543 reviews Southfield, MI 48076 Full-time EATON 4,543 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Materials group at Eaton’s Corporate Research & Technology (CRT) in Southfield has an exciting opportunity for a Materials Scientist/Metallurgist to be hired at the level of Engineering Specialist. Relocation assistance will be provided if needed. 
 Primary function:
 The successful candidate will be part of a team working on integrated manufacturing processes that cut across metal materials selection, characterization, process optimization, multiscale modeling (molecular to part level), manufacturing process scale up, process control, and rapid characterization/qualification. 
 Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It’s where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and where you can help us reach ours.
 In this role you will: 
 Execute technology strategy and develop constructive solutions aligning to business needs. 
 Lead the development of technology roadmaps for specific applications that are linked to and supportive of the overall CRT and business strategies. 
 Demonstrate the ability to develop novel technology areas and translate into applications. Coordinates from concept to implementation stage, managing deliverables executed by multi-disciplinary teams and serves as an expert resource for other engineers. 
 Identify opportunities or connections that enhance business performance. 
 Drive skill development and routinely mentor others in technical specialty. 
 Identify open innovation opportunities with universities and external institutes that align with Technology Platform strategy. 
 Form a network and promote technology as a thought leader. 
 Actively contributes to high quality intellectual property that has business and technology importance. 
 Be a key member of Integrated Manufacturing Processing team: developing materials & processing innovation using computational as well as experimental methods 
 Develop fatigue, fracture, wear, and other relevant life prediction models for materials. Study fundamental aspects of crack propagation at multiple scales. 
 Develop accelerated qualification methods for metals using advanced fatigue and tribology testing methods. Develop new methods as appropriate. 
 Develop multi-scale computational models for life prediction with a focus on additively manufacturing materials 
 Study process physics of metal additive manufacturing in order to increase productivity and create unique intellectual property 
 Work with different BUs and develop new proposals after understanding their requirements 
 When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we — as individuals and as a company — are stronger. 
 Qualifications 
Required (Basic) Qualifications: 
 Master’s degree from an accredited institution in Materials Science or Engineering with thesis/research focus on metal fatigue and fracture, computational solid mechanics, or multiscale modeling of materials AND/OR application of AI/ML for material and design selections. 
 1+ years of experience in one or more of the following production processes: Additive manufacturing, forging, casting, forming, heat treating and welding. 
 Familiarity with machine learning and application of computational approaches, including artificial intelligence to engineering challenges 
 Must be able to work in the United States without corporate sponsorship now and within the future
 Preferred Qualifications 
 PhD from an accredited Institution 
 Expert level first principle engineering knowledge of metals and materials.
 Knowledge of chemical, physical and mechanical properties as well as evaluation methods (mechanical testing, metallography, SEM, non-destructive inspection, chromatography, spectroscopy) is preferred. 
 Position Criteria 
 Understanding of Processing-Microstructure-Property of metallic/structural materials. 
 Application of computational approaches, including artificial intelligence for solid mechanics, predictive modeling, digital materials and manufacturing, new materials development, and design automation 
 Demonstrated leadership in AI/ML in design or materials and expertise in application of such techniques for material discovery and/or design automation 
 Required area of technical expertise include extensive understanding of metallurgical engineering including material selection, metal transformation, corrosion-related performance, strength analysis, environmental impact of processes and materials, fatigue life, failure analysis, physical testing, fracture toughness, heat treating processes, metal manufacturing methods, lightweight alloys, statistical analysis. 
 We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law. 
 We make what matters work. Everywhere you look—from the technology and machinery that surrounds us, to the critical services and infrastructure that we depend on every day—you’ll find one thing in common. It all relies on power. That’s why Eaton is dedicated to improving people’s lives and the environment with power management technologies that are more reliable, efficient, safe and sustainable. Because this is what matters. 
 We are confident we can deliver on this promise because of the attributes that our employees embody. We’re ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and we’re committed to learning. These values enable us to tackle some of the toughest challenges on the planet, never losing sight of what matters. 
Job: Engineering 
Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico 
 Organization: CTO Corporate Technology Office 
Job Level: Individual Contributor 
 Schedule: Full-time 
 Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: No 
 Does this position offer relocation?: Relocation from within hiring country only 
 Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time Eaton 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Southfield, MI Jobs at EATON in Southfield, MI Scientist salaries in Southfield, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from EATON EATON 4,543 reviews Eaton is a power management company with 2018 sales of $21.6 billion. Its energy-efficient solutions help customers effectively manage el... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
