
 
 
 
 System Software DevOps, New College Grad - Summer 2022 - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search System Software DevOps, New College Grad - Summer 2022 NVIDIA 240 reviews Santa Clara, CA Full-time NVIDIA 240 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for System Software Engineers!
 NVIDIA AI platforms are widely used in Automotive for the development of self-driving cars, in Embedded industries for the development of AI driven industrial robots, in healthcare for AI based medical instruments and in data centers across the world where GPU accelerated AI is revolutionizing the technology industry. As a platform company we deliver not just hardware solutions but also vertically integrated software stacks, GPU accelerated SDKs, libraries and tools. As we take our products in the above fields to market, we need talented system software engineers who can develop AI based software applications using NVIDIA SDKs and work with the engineering, product and marketing teams to evaluate our hardware and software solutions with a critical eye and help these teams improve the product offering and end customer experiences.
 You should be comfortable working in a multifaceted environment, and be passionate about working on various AI powered platforms such as embedded systems, autonomous driving, robotics, GPU accelerated machine learning, health care, data sciences and others. You will use your system and application development knowledge to evaluate user experience and performance of our AI platforms, SDKs, libraries and AI frameworks. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are essential. The ability to work independently and the motivation to pick up new technologies and skills will help you excel at the job.
 What you’ll be doing:
 Developing AI application, evaluating workflows, conducting performance tests, and improving user experiences on our AI platforms such as the NVIDIA DRIVE AGX, NVIDA Jetson, NVIDIA EGX, NVIDIA DGX and other platforms.
 Developing applications and evaluating usability of our Software Development Kits such as DeepStream, ISAAC, CUDA, TensorRT, cuDNN, RAPIDS, CLARA, and others to help deliver outstanding SDKs.
 Engage with various teams across NVIDIA such as product, marketing, hardware, software engineering, and Quality assurance to improve NVIDIA's product offerings.
 Craft targeted performance tests in CUDA/C++/Python to evaluate performance and benchmark our platforms versus competing products
 Write detailed technical reviews of our product and summarizing the user experience to senior executives in the company. You will also be writing technical whitepapers, technical product briefs. You may be called upon to run technical demos of our products at prominent industry conferences such as the NVIDIA GPU Technology Conference, CES, SIGGRAPH and others.
 Establish strong relationships and communication channels with internal teams
 What we need to see:
 Recently graduated with a BS or MS in Computer Engineering or Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
 CUDA development experience on NVIDIA GPUs
 Good working knowledge of Linux
 Experience developing applications for one or more of these fields: AI, Robotics, Autonomous driving, Data Center GPU servers.
 Strong C/C++ and Python programming skills
 Experience with frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch and others
 Capable of working in a rapidly changing environment without losing focus
 Ability to multitask effectively in a dynamic environment
 Analytical and problem-solving skills
 Strong time-management and organization skills for coordinating multiple initiatives, priorities, and implementations of new technology and products into very complex projects
 Strong written and oral communications skills in English with the ability to effectively collaborate with customers, management and engineering
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Background with developing on Unity and Unreal game engines and graphics simulation platforms.
 Experience and/or working knowledge of DevOps including but not limited to Docker/Containers and Kubernetes. Experience working with Data Center deployments.
 Programming experience in Computer Vision and/or nano degrees in self-driving cars, data science, robotics
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Operations Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Development Operations Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 240 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
