
 
 
 
 LatinX in Machine Learning & Quantitative Modeling - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search LatinX in Machine Learning & Quantitative Modeling JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews New York, NY Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Creating a diverse team is a critical part of our success. We're looking for people with different backgrounds and perspectives to help us grow and position our businesses for the future. In an effort to achieve broad representation, we have designed a program to attract students who self-identify as LatinX .
 Our LatinX in AI & Quantitative Modeling Summit program seeks to provide LatinX students with a first-hand look at what it's like to work at a leading financial services firm by offering training and networking events as well as earlier consideration for full-time and internship opportunities.
 Working here means joining a collaborative, supportive team. We want your diverse perspective to help us innovate the next wave of products and solutions for our clients. We will give you the tools to succeed through training and networking with senior leaders and other talented individuals.
 What to expect?
 Taking place virtually from 1-4pm Eastern on Thursday, October 7th, the summit will provide a great opportunity to learn how JPMorgan Chase leverages AI, Data Science and Quantitative Modeling to develop innovative solutions to better serve our clients. By participating in the summit's networking and training sessions, you will leave with a clear sense of how you can leverage your technical skillset by working on cutting-edge projects through our internship and full-time campus programs, as well as how to prepare for the recruitment process. Candidates who attend an early insight event will receive priority consideration for the firm's AI & Analytics internship and full-time programs (listed below).
 The following campus programs are available based on your academic profile, expected graduation date and professional interests. Summit participants are strongly encouraged to apply to at least one of the below programs. Please review the program details and eligibility requirements before submitting your application.
 2022 Graduate Internship Programs (open to PhD/Master's students) 
 
 AI Research Summer Associate Program
 AI & Data Science Summer Associate Program
 Quantitative Analytics Summer Associate Program
 Quantum Computing Summer Associate Program
 
 2022 Undergraduate Internship Programs (open to undergraduate students)
 
 AI & Data Science Summer Analyst Program
 Markets - Quantitative Research Summer Analyst Program
 
 2022 Full-Time Programs
 
 Focused Analytics Solutions Team (FAST) Data Science Analyst Program (undergraduate students)
 Focused Analytics Solutions Team (FAST) Data Science Analyst Program (Master's students)
 
 Who We Are Seeking
 If you're highly motivated and enjoy working in teams to develop innovative solutions, this program is for you. We welcome applications from all quantitative majors. No prior experience in financial markets required.
 Key qualifications: 
 
 Pursuing a Bachelor, Master's or PhD degree at a U.S. institution in a quantitative field such as: computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics or a related field.
 Strong communication and partnership skills; an ability to present findings to a non-technical audience
 Analytical, quantitative, and problem-solving skills
 Expected graduation date:
 For full-time opportunities: expected graduation date December 2021 - August 2022
 For internship opportunities: expected graduation date December 2022 - December 2024
 
 This event  is one of many early insights programs and recruiting opportunities that we offer at the Firm. Please visit our website to learn about other programs, internships and general career opportunities that JPMorgan Chase & Co. offers students.
 About the process
 To be considered for the LatinX in AI & Quantitative Modeling Summit, you must register using the below link. Every student who registers for the event and meets the eligibility requirements for at least one of the campus programs listed above will be invited to attend. Invitations will be extended on a rolling basis.
 For earlier consideration for our internship and full-time opportunities, we encourage you to register for the summit and submit an application to one of the opportunities listed above by September 30, 2021.
 What's next?
 We strongly encourage that you register for summit event and submit your application to one or more of the campus programs listed above as soon as possible.
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that respects all people for their unique skills, backgrounds and professional experiences. We strive to hire qualified, diverse candidates, and we will provide reasonable accommodations for known disabilities.
 Visit jpmorganchase.com/careers for upcoming events, career advice, our locations and more.
 ©2021 JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quantitative Model Developer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Quantitative Model Developer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
