
 
 
 
 Full Stack Development Advisor - Orlando, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Development Advisor FedEx Services 106 reviews Orlando, FL Remote $8,602 - $11,828 a month FedEx Services 106 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $8,602 - $11,828 a month Full Job Description Company:  FedEx Services 
 Job Title:  Full Stack Development Advisor 
 Job Requisition Number:  RC421597 
 Category:  Information Technology 
 Pay Type:  Exempt 
 Locations: 
Collierville, Tennessee 38017 
United States 
 
Colorado Springs, Colorado 80921 
United States 
 
Plano, Texas 75024 
United States 
 
Orlando, Florida 32810 
United States 
 
Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108 
United States 
 
 Compensation:  Monthly Salary $8602.14 - $11827.94 
The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range or starting rate of candidates hired in Colorado. Factors that may be used to determine your actual salary may include your specific skills, your remote work location (for remote postings), how many years of experience you have, and comparison to other employees already in this role. 
Job Summary:  Designs, codes, tests and deploys software in all layers of the development life cycle. Provides the necessary documentation. Works with databases, APIs, servers, networks and various programming languages. Mentors those in less senior positions. 
 
 Abilities/Knowledge/Skills Considered a Plus: 
 
 Languages: Java, J2EE, and associated components 
Frameworks/Platforms: Renewal frameworks such as Springboot, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, Continuous Integration frameworks such as JaCoCo/Emma, PMD, Jenkins/Hudson 
Build Frameworks: Maven or Gradle 
SCM: VSS/SourceAnywhere, GIT, GITLab etc 
ApplicationMiddleware: WebLogic/Tomcat/JBoss 
Comm Protocols: SOAP, REST, JMS 
Databases: Oracle/No SQL 
OS: Unix/Linux, Shell Scripting 
Unit Testing Frameworks: jUnit/TestNG, EasyMock/Mockito 
Knowledge of SAFe/Agile 
Facilitate communication and problem solving in large cross-group development. 
Leadership, proactive and excellent communication, presentation, and facilitation skills 
Not mandatory but a plus to have: 
 
Architecture & design Frameworks/Tools: TOGAF, EA-SPARX, Case Complete 
Data Analytics and IOT 
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms 
 
Domicile:  This position will be domiciled in Collierville, TN Colorado, Springs CO, Pittsburg, PA Orlando, FL Dallas, TX 
 
 Remote Work:  The ability to work remotely within the United States may be available based on business need. 
 
 Relocation:  Relocation assistance may be available based on business need. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications:  Bachelor's Degree, in computer science, engineering, information systems or related field and/or equivalent formal training or work experience. Four (4) years qualifying work experience in information technology or engineering environment. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirements. 
 
 Application Criteria: To be considered, please upload a copy of your current resume to include beginning and ending dates for each employer/position and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00 PM CST) on Friday, September 17, 2021 
Employee Benefits: medical, dental, and vision insurance; paid Life and AD&D insurance; tuition reimbursement; paid sick leave; paid parental leave, paid vacation, paid military leave, and additional paid time off; geographic pay ranges; 401k with Company match and incentive bonus potential; sales Incentive compensation for selling roles. 
FedEx Services is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetics disability, or protected Veteran status. 
FedEx Services will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee, unless undue hardship or a direct threat would result from the accommodation. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact recruitmentsupport@fedex.com. FedEx 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at FedEx Services in Orlando, FL Full Stack Developer salaries in Orlando, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from FedEx Services FedEx Services 106 reviews FedEx Services connects businesses to solutions. Our team members coordinate sales, marketing, communications, information technology, an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
