
 
 
 
 Junior Data Scientist Apprenticeship - Buffalo, NY 14201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Data Scientist Apprenticeship IBM 30,891 reviews Buffalo, NY 14201 Full-time IBM 30,891 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
In the Information Age, data is the most valuable resource. If you can describe yourself as the powerful combination of data hacker, analyst, communicator, and advisor, our Data Specialist position is the right one for you. As a savvy liaison for our teams, you will create solutions and provide actionable insights that shape the future of our business. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
As a Junior Data Scientist at IBM, you will work as part of a team to solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. You will apply the scientific method to business scenarios, clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling, work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that better explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios, translate data insights into business value, and communicate results to difference audiences. You will also master different technologies for model deployment.
 
 
Throughout your apprenticeship, you’ll work closely with other experienced data scientists and mentors in an interactive, collaborative environment. You’ll learn the fundamentals of probability, statistics, linear algebra, data preparation, data modeling, and deployment of machine learning models. In addition, you will be introduced to additional concepts, skills and tools including Python, Hadoop, and Spark, presentation skills, communication skills, and you will apply these skills to prepare for and successfully obtain data science experience that may lead to certification as a Junior Data Scientist. IBM Certification as a Junior Data Scientist provides the credentials and career milestone that is earned through demonstrated usage of Data Science tools and methodology through case studies, business references and technical references. Our apprenticeship program will give you the opportunity to build your skills to grow your career as a Junior Data Scientist. 
 
What is an Apprenticeship? 
 
IBM Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL). Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL. 
 
During the apprenticeship duration, you will be required to complete specific learning hours and on the job training that has been outlined to ensure you are developing the skills and competencies essential to the role. You will be able to learn and grow at your own pace, but we expect most apprentices will complete their learning within 24 months. Once you graduate and receive your certificate from our apprentice program, you will be eligible to apply to available full-time roles at IBM.
 
 
Who you are 
 
An apprenticeship is about learning. We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements, but we know you’re just getting your career started, and we’re committed to helping you learn and grow. If you are a highly curious individual, with a passion for learning, and a love of mathematics and data, you’re exactly the type of candidate we’re looking for. Data scientists are inquisitive: exploring, asking questions, doing what if analysis, questioning existing assumptions and processes. They are analytically-minded, statistically and mathematically driven. 
 
To be successful, you need: 
Drive and eagerness to learn 
Strong problem solving, critical thinking, organization, and communication skills 
Ability to work independently and take initiative, as well as work collaboratively and contribute in a team environment as data science is a team sport 
Ability to think analytically in solving problems 
What’s the experience?
 
 
As an apprentice, you'll join with other apprentices in a local cohort. You'll go through the program together, learning about IBM and the skills you'll be attaining throughout your apprenticeship. Then, you'll work with your managers and mentors to progress through your personal skills roadmap, learning and demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your project teams. You'll complete milestones along the way, earning digital credentials to validate your skills, and will come back together with other apprentices to participate in on-going training and development focused on your professional and technical skills. Best of all, you are a contributing member of your team, putting forward ideas, taking on responsibilities and making choices about how you get the job done just like any other IBMer. 
 
Relocation funding is not available for this role. 
 
ncappx 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Willingness to complete the requirements of the apprenticeship program 
Curiosity, Passion for learning, Love for math, data, and analysis 
Some knowledge or experience in ONE or more of the following: Java, JavaScript, PHP, C#, Objective-C, C/C++, Python, Ruby and/or functional languages (Haskell, Scala, F#, Clojure) 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
An undergraduate degree is not required, but students who have taken high school advanced math, and statistics classes are preferred 
Python Programming knowledge 
About Business UnitIBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a competitive benefits program which may include medical, dental, vision, paid holidays, paid sick time, paid vacation, Employee Assistance Program (EAP), life insurance, IBM 401(k) Program and Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
This position is eligible for participation in an IBM sales incentive plan. Actual incentive opportunity will be based on performance and the eligible Target Incentive, as addressed in the applicable plan, all of which is subject to change.
 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Data Scientist jobs in Buffalo, NY Jobs at IBM in Buffalo, NY Junior Data Scientist salaries in Buffalo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,891 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
