
 
 
 
 Data Labeler- Viralspace.ai - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Labeler- Viralspace.ai Smartly.io San Francisco, CA Temporarily remote We are looking for a detail-oriented Data Labeler to join our team at Viralspace. As a Data Labeler, you will be responsible for generating high quality data annotation for digital advertisements. This role requires the candidate to be a self-starter and work independently to meet deadlines. This is an area that's growing extremely fast within the company and is suitable for candidates looking for an entry-level position in the AI and Machine Learning space. 
 
About Us 
 
At Viralspace, you'll be joining a nimble startup backed by a much more established company on the path to IPO. We're a Bay Area-based startup that came out of Stanford and operated independently since 2019. We recently joined forces with Smartly.io, the leading social advertising tool, to lead their creative optimization efforts. Viralspace will remain a fully independent business line backed by all of the incredible resources, talents, and customers of Smartly. It's an exciting time to join as our customer base will grow exponentially! 
 
The #1 factor that drives performance for digital ads is the creative, yet the creative decision-making process today is based on little more than guesswork. At Viralspace, we're changing that by using AI to help marketers make data-driven decisions about their ad creative. We use computer vision to tag millions of features across a brand's past ads, then present insights in a variety of AI-based software tools. Marketing teams at companies like TechStyle, Philips, and Ogilvy are our customers. 
 
Smartly is on a mission to help advertisers unlock greater performance and creativity in social advertising by combining ad buying and creative automation. They have an established suite of ad buying and creative template tools loved by 700+ clients (across over $4B ad spend!), and are starting to move into creative optimization with Viralspace. Smartly is based in Helsinki but has satellite offices across the US, including San Francisco, where this role is based. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Label data consisting of images, videos, texts 
 Meet individual deadlines for completing data labeling tasks 
 Quality control and occasional checks on labels completed 
 Work in-sync with Labeling Managers to meet daily and weekly goals 
 Qualifications: 
 Detail oriented 
 Ability to work independently as individual contributor 
 Team player and ability to work collaboratively with a team of contributors 
 Ability to follow complex written instructions 
 Proficient English written and oral skills 
 Benefits 
 
We care about compensating our employees fairly and creating an environment where you can learn and grow your career. As part of Smartly, we get to offer all of the incredible benefits that they have, including: 
 
 Compensation: Competitive salary and equity in a pre-IPO company 
 Insurance: Medical, dental, and vision insurance 
 Team: A multi-national team of 500+ Smartlies, and plenty of events to meet them at (as well as our tight-knit Viralspace team of <10 people) 
 Five full weeks of paid vacation 
 Paid parental leave 
 Top notch equipment: computer, phone with a plan, noise-cancelling headphones 
 Flexible work from home policy: Currently, we're 100% remote due to Covid-19. As soon as we're able to come back to the office (est. fall 2021), we will allow for a hybrid work model (come into office only a few days per week, take up to 30 days working from anywhere) 
 Fitness and sports stipends 
 Learning budget: we offer each employee budgets to attend conferences, take classes, and more as part of a learning budget 
 
 More on Smartly's benefits | More on Smartly's culture | More on Viralspace's culture 
 
Meet Smartly.io 
 
Bringing brands and people together smartly. We are building a platform that combines media buying, creative, and data to automate every step of digital advertising. 
 
We manage 2.5B€ in ad spend and serve more than 650 brands worldwide, including eBay, Uber and TechStyle. Our technology liberates marketers from manual work and allows them to focus on what matters. 
 
As a fast-paced growth company, Smartly.io offers opportunities to maximize your learning and amplify your impact. With colleagues from 62 nationalities, you'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment built on a culture of trust, transparency, and feedback. Join our global team of over 600 Smartlies in reshaping the future of marketing. Learn more at smartly.io/careers and smartly.io/our-leadership-and-culture. 
 
We are currently running fully remote recruitment processes due to the global pandemic. Read more here. 
 
Reasonable accommodation for people with disabilities 
 
Smartly.io is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities or special needs in our job application procedures and working environment. If you need assistance or have any questions please contact us at accommodations@smartly.io. Smartly.io 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Labeler jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Smartly.io in San Francisco, CA Labeler salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Smartly.io Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
