
 
 
 
 POOL - Entry-Level Artificial Intelligence (AI) Data labeling Technician - Fayetteville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search POOL - Entry-Level Artificial Intelligence (AI) Data labeling Technician Fayetteville Technical Community College (E) Fayetteville, NC Part-time Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Fayetteville Technical Community College is seeking qualified Information Technology students for this position. Qualified candidates will possess excellent computer skills and the ability to work independently and with team members on assigned project activity. 
Duties
 Responsibilities include labeling non-classified data using best in breed commercial data labeling software and common computer tools (e.g., keyboard and mouse). Candidates will be required to learn to utilize best in breed commercial data labeling software to accurately exam GPS training data to identify and label objects for use in creating AI training algorithms to inform decision making and/or possible development of AI machine language. Applicants must be proficient in technology applications, be responsible, and maintain an accurate record of time spent on the project using Time Clock Plus. Training will be provided. 
Minimum Qualifications
 Applicants must be currently enrolled in an Information Technology related program of study at Fayetteville Technical Community College, have completed a minimum of 16 credit hours in  core  IT courses within an approved program of study (General Education coursework does not meet core requirements), and have at least a 2.5 GPA, OR, have completed an Information Technology-related A.A.S. degree at FTCC with at least a 2.5 GPA. 
Preferred Qualifications
 16-24 credit hours completed in  core  Information Technology related program study (not counting General Education coursework), with at least a 3.0 GPA. 
 
Full or Part Time Part Time Special Instructions to applicants
 Applicants MUST submit at least one recommendation from a faculty member and a current or former employer. Military applicants MUST submit a reference from their supervisory chain of command. A total of three (3) references must be submitted with application. 
 
Applicants must submit to a background check, be a U.S. Citizen and be a graduate of an IT-related program of study OR enrolled in an IT-related program of study. 
 EEO Statement 
 The Fayetteville Technical Community College is an Equal Opportunity Educational Institution/Employer. Fayetteville Technical Community College (E) 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Entry Level Technician jobs in Fayetteville, NC Jobs at Fayetteville Technical Community College in Fayetteville, NC Entry Level Technician salaries in Fayetteville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fayetteville Technical Community College (E) Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
