
 
 
 
 Intelligence Analyst 4 - Vienna, VA 22180 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intelligence Analyst 4 Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 32 reviews Vienna, VA 22180 Full-time Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 32 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Overview:  Illuminate is seeking Intelligence Analyst 4 (IA 4) with an active TS/SCI security clearance to support an ongoing program with a government customer. 
Location: Vienna, VA 
 
Responsibilities:
 
Supporting the FBI’s Terrorist Screening Center (TSC), the Intelligence Analyst 4 shall, at the direction of the government, provide services to include: 
Prepares parts of more complex studies or reports which include all aspects related to their specifically defined geographic or functional areas. 
Prepares basic-descriptive and current-reportorial intelligence reports, collection manuals, and instructions to field collectors in their assigned area of responsibility. 
Provides intelligence and threat analysis of the information that is tailored to the customer's requirements. 
Evaluates incoming reports and information. 
Presents briefings to personnel designated by the customer. 
Apply knowledge of pertinent laws, regulations, policies, and precedents which affect the use of program and related support resources in the area studied 
Communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, in order to tactfully and persuasively advise and guide executive management relative to a variety of issues which can be delicate in nature; includes making presentations and preparing complete, clear, and concise formal and informal reports, correspondence, briefings, charts, tables, and graphs that are distributed throughout the TSC and its partner agencies. 
Other duties as assigned. 
Work schedule must conform to customer’s work schedule. May be called upon to support 24/7/365 operations.
 Qualifications:
 
An Intelligence Analyst 4 candidate shall possess the following qualifications: 
B.A./B.S. or higher degree in any discipline. 
A minimum of 7 years of full-time relevant experience. 
Demonstrated experience analyzing terrorism related topics. 
Demonstrated experience writing ICD 203 and 206 compliant intelligence products. 
Professional briefing and communication skills and ability to work effectively and harmoniously with fellow team members. 
Illuminate provides full-spectrum solutions and services to address the needs of our global clients across the commercial, homeland security, defense, and public sector industries. Its mission is focused on one objective: providing solutions that accelerate our customers’ operational decision making. Illuminate enables this ability by matching its multi-source data acquisition technologies and tradecraft-driven analytic services with superior large-scale AI/ML-enabled data enrichment, engineering methodologies, and our unique mission-oriented subject matter expertise. 
Equal employment opportunity employer: 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Illuminate is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Vienna, VA Jobs at Cyberspace Solutions in Vienna, VA Intelligence Analyst salaries in Vienna, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cyberspace Solutions, LLC Cyberspace Solutions, LLC 32 reviews Cyberspace Solutions, LLC offers our customers the support and delivery of a wide range of analytic and cyber effect solutions in the fig... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
