
 
 
 
 Quantitative Analyst - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Analyst Fidelity Investments Boston, MA 02210 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
Responsibilities 
As a quantitative research analyst, you will be a part of the Quantitative Research & Investments division of Fidelity Management and Research Company. This role sits within the equity quantitative research team. In this group, we're focused on assisting with the implementation of quantitatively based alpha generation, portfolio construction, and risk management analytics. This includes researching the development of new quantitative models and investment strategies, examining traditional and alternative data sets using a variety of algorithms and approaches, and providing quantitative assistance to facilitate the portfolio construction and management process. This role offers a valuable opportunity to learn, grow, and excel within a premier investment organization. 
Qualifications 
We are seeking individuals who have the following characteristics: 
5+ years of dedicated experience in quantitative investment research 
In depth understanding and knowledge of quantitative investing and models, from both an alpha and risk perspective 
Proven expertise with portfolio construction and optimization techniques, with experience managing assets quantitatively a plus 
Keen attention to detail and experience with empirical research on large data sets, employing both linear and non-linear (e.g., AI or machine learning based) algorithms to build innovative solutions to investment problems 
Ability to think creatively and answer open-ended questions with a detailed, quantitative approach 
Excellent communication skills, whether orally or in writing 
Ability to work on a team and as a contributor to large-scale projects, to include coordinating efforts across various groups (e.g., portfolio management, product development, distribution channels, technology) 
Aptitude with statistical software and programming languages (e.g., Python, R, MATLAB) 
Location 
Boston, MA 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity Investments, our customers are at the heart of everything we do. As a privately held company with a rich 75-year history, our mission has remained the same since our founding:  to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients . We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money. 
 
 Join Us 
 
At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning and growth so you can build the career you’ve always imagined. We welcome associates from different backgrounds and with different perspectives to help us innovate and make a difference for our customers and our communities. 
 
We invite you to  Find Your Fidelity  at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quantitative Analyst jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Boston, MA Quantitative Analyst salaries in Boston, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
