
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 $60,000 a year  -   Non-tenure University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $60,000 a year Job Type Non-tenure Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The University of Florida Institute for Advanced Learning Technologies is accepting applications for a Research Scientist (RS) to lead research and development on a gaze and machine learning driven smart multimedia learning technology called GeoGaze. In collaboration with the Principal Investigators of this National Science Foundation project, the RS will employ eye tracking and machine learning methods to design, develop, and test GeoGaze in laboratory and authentic learning environments with postsecondary students. The RS will plan and coordinate all data collection and analysis for the project. This is a 12-month time-limited non-tenure accruing appointment for a minimum of 3 years pending funding. 
The Institute for Advanced Learning Technologies is an interdisciplinary educational technology innovation hub within UF’s College of Education that works at the nexus of design, development, research, practice, and policy to generate sustainable systems for learning and teaching that leverage new and emerging technologies and improve the implementation of research-based practices. Housed in one of the nation’s best public research universities, the Institute operates as a dynamic workplace focused on executing against UF’s service mission to strengthen the human condition and improve the quality of life. 
Anticipated salary and benefits: $60,000 per year, UF HR benefits https://hr.ufl.edu/benefits/ and a potential 3% annual cost of living salary increase. 
Works collaboratively with the Principal Investigators of the GeoGaze project to:
 Design, develop, test, refine and investigate the effects of GeoGaze, a smart multimedia learning technology that leverages eye tracking data and machine learning to adapt and personalize learning 
Coordinate all projects activities including but not limited to team meetings, data collection and analysis, dissemination of results via conference presentations and journal publications 
Ensures that appropriate metrics and processes are in place to measure project performance and progress towards the stated objectives 
Supervise undergraduate and graduate research assistants 
Ensure that actions are completed at various levels and across various teams to achieve desired results 
Serves as a subject-matter expert in Computer Science, Visual Attention, and Machine Learning 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Requirements 
Doctorate degree in Computer Science, Psychology, Cognitive Science, or related field 
A minimum of 5 years of experience developing and investigating visual attention strategies and technologies 
Expertise with Matlab programming and its experiment design, psychophysiology, and machine learning toolboxes such as Psychtoolbox, Image Acquisition, Image Processing, Neural Network, and Machine Learning toolboxes (a representative artifact is required) 
Expertise with TensorFlow, PyTorch or other machine learning frameworks 
Expertise and experience with advanced Unity 2D development (a representative artifact is required) 
Track record of research productivity in the study of visual attention (a representative artifact is required) 
Preferred Qualifications 
Strong background and familiarity with research literature on visuospatial cognition 
Experience with designing multimedia technologies for learners and educators 
Experience with managing externally funded projects 
Ability to translate and communicate complex topics in a variety of forums, tailoring communications to effectively fit and influence the targeted audience 
Ability to lead the entire range of problem-solving work from problem definition to analysis, recommendation and the development of implementation plans 
Ability to work independently as well as in a team structure; ability to manage multiple tasks and be flexible 
Agility in making and following strategic decisions 
Ability to plan for long-term sustainability 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Applicant should upload all materials to the University of Florida’s employment website https://jobs.ufl.edu. If you need any technical assistance, please contact Human Resources at  352-392-2477 . Please provide: (1) a letter of application addressing qualifications, (2) a curriculum vitae, (3) artifacts requested under Requirements (e.g., publications, digital artifacts in the cloud or on physical media), and (4) email addresses and phone numbers from three colleagues who will be contacted to provide references. Applicants should reference requisition 80336, position number 00037016. Inquiries about the position can be addressed to Search Chair, Dr. Pasha Antonenko, at p.antonenko@coe.ufl.edu. Review of candidates will begin October 15, 2021 and continue until the position is filled. Applications received after this date will be reviewed at the discretion of the search committee. 
ABOUT THE COLLEGE:  The College of Education at the University of Florida, founded in 1906, has consistently been ranked No. 1 and No. 2 in the nation in Online Graduate Education for the last six years, 3rd nationally for undergraduate education and 12th nationally among public graduate colleges of education (U.S. News & World Report). Two of the College's academic programs occupy top-20 spots in the U.S. News rankings: Counselor Education (2nd) and Special Education (5th). Our Teachers, Schools & Society (TSS) program was named the  2020 Program of the Year  by the Carnegie Project on the Education Doctorate (CPED). The College has added 45 faculty in the past three years. Cutting-edge interdisciplinary research and public scholarship—often conducted in partnership with other UF colleges, school districts and communities across the state and nation—are yielding powerful learning systems and models that are helping to transform education in today’s changing world, starting with our youngest learners. The College is engaged in four of UF’s priority research areas—early childhood studies, precision learning, analysis of learning analytics, and artificial intelligence in education. The College has 108 full-time faculty members with distinguished records in teaching, research and service. Faculty researchers last year garnered more than $107 million in awards supporting studies and projects addressing education’s most critical issues. Teaching is one of several areas of study from which UF education students can choose. More than 3,000 education students are enrolled on campus and online in 29 bachelor’s and advanced degree programs and concentration areas, within nine academic specialties: K-12 Curriculum and Instruction • Counseling & Counselor Education • Early Childhood Education • Educational Leadership • Higher Education Administration • Research & Evaluation Methods • School Psychology • Special Education • Student Personnel in Higher Education. To sustain the college's innovative edge deep into the 21st century, heightened emphasis on emerging technologies, advanced graduate studies and interdisciplinary research will effectively prepare tomorrow's leaders in all education disciplines. The College's educator preparation programs have been continuously accredited by CAEP and NCATE since 1954. More than 30,000 UF “EduGator” alumni are located throughout the world. Follow us: @UF_COE (Twitter) and @UF.COE (Facebook) 
ABOUT THE UNIVERSITY:  The University of Florida, founded in 1853, is a public land-grant, sea-grant and space-grant research university and one of the most academically diverse universities in the nation. U.S. News & World Report ranks UF 6th among public universities. National rankings such as 2nd by Kiplinger and 20th in Forbes in their respective lists of “Best Values in Public Colleges” are a result of UF’s commitment to provide the highest quality education at the best value. UF is home to 16 colleges and more than 200 research, service and education centers, bureaus and institutes, and boasts more than 4,000 faculty members, 50,000 students and 415,000 living alumni. Faculty scholars last year generated more than $838 million in research awards. UF recently launched a $70 million AI partnership with NVIDIA, taking the first step toward ensuring equitable access to bringing AI to students and faculty from across campus and the state. The Florida Legislature designated UF as a “preeminent” state university in 2013. UF recently hired almost 500 new faculty. 
ABOUT THE AREA:  UF is situated in Gainesville in North Central Florida, a progressive college town that blends big-city cultural and athletic offerings with small-town friendliness and charm, along with excellent schools. Gainesville, located about halfway between the Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico, is often recognized as one of America’s best college towns and is easily accessible to three major metropolitan areas (Jacksonville, Orlando and Tampa). The National Arbor Day Foundation has recognized Gainesville as a “Tree City USA” every year since 1982. Add the allure of Florida’s famous sunshine, tropical breezes, and abundant wilderness, springs, rivers and seashores nearby, and it is little wonder that top-caliber faculty and students find our College and University to be the perfect balance of premier academics and a fulfilling lifestyle. 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call 352/392-2477 or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#category=35 
 
OPEN DATE 
Aug 25, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
18050000 - ED-SCHOOL OF TEACHING & LEARNING University of Florida 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Research Scientist salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
