
 
 
 
 AI-XR Engineer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI-XR Engineer Weill Cornell Medicine 661 reviews New York, NY Weill Cornell Medicine 661 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Title: AI-XR Engineer 
 Location: Upper East Side 
 Org Unit: Olivier Elemento Lab 
 Work Days: Monday-Friday 
 Exemption Status: Exempt 
 Position Summary 
 
This role builds Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Extended Reality (XR) tools and apps helping change medicine. The job duties include training AI healthcare models, building AI enabled mHealth related applications for phones and wearable computing, as well as developing VR, AR and MR applications for patients, researchers and clinicians focusing on Precision Health, but also spanning across a wide range of disease groups. 
 
 This role has the opportunity to work on interesting and challenging projects that have high visibility and impact. 
 
Job Responsibilities 
 Gathers user requirements; designs, researches, implements and maintains software solutions.
 Takes projects from the design phase to a stable production release that can scale.
 Collaborates with development leads to define software architecture for multiple projects running in parallel.
 Identifies and escalates potential issues before they become issues.
 Reviews specifications, makes technical estimates, and drafts technical documents for projects of all sizes.
 Collaborates with the team and works closely with other AR/VR developers; provides creative input and technical feasibility.
 Understands and optimizes performance.
 Provides the work’s technical conscience, defining and driving the right solution to meet the technical performance, scalability, flexibility, operations and capability needs.
 Follows technology standards and uses new emerging technologies.
 Education 
 Bachelor's Degree in related field
 Experience 
 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field; Graduate Degree in Computer Science or related field is preferred. 
 
Minimum 2 years’ of professional game or AR/VR development experience working in a team setting. 
 
 Experience with Photoshop is considered a plus. 
 
 Experience with Unreal Engine is considered a plus. 
 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
 Proficiency in C# and Unity 2019+.
 Proficiency in linear algebra.
 Demonstrated experience working with source control (Git preferred) and participating in Agile (Scrum) development.
 Familiarity on building and working with APIs (RESTful, GraphQL).
 Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written).
 Willingness to tackle any challenge, even if not directly relevant to core competencies.
 Ability to adjust to business change; common types of changes include new requirements, evolving goals and strategies, and emerging technologies.
 Expert in time management, multitasking, and task prioritization.
 Project management tools, such as JIRA.
 Current VR hardware.
 Licenses and Certifications 
 Working Conditions/Physical Demands 
 
 Weill Cornell Medicine is a comprehensive academic medical center that's committed to excellence in patient care, scientific discovery, and the education of future physicians in New York City and around the world. Our doctors and scientists-faculty from Weill Cornell Medical College, Weill Cornell Graduate School of Medical Sciences, and the Weill Cornell Physician Organization-are engaged in world-class clinical care and cutting-edge research that connect patients to the latest treatment innovations and prevention strategies. Located in the heart of the Upper East Side's scientific corridor, Weill Cornell Medicine's powerful network of collaborators extends to its parent university Cornell University; to Qatar, where an international campus offers a U.S. medical degree; and to programs in Tanzania, Haiti, Brazil, Austria and Turkey. Our medical practices serve communities throughout New York City, and our faculty provide comprehensive care at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center, NewYork-Presbyterian/Lower Manhattan Hospital, and NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens. At Weill Cornell Medicine, we work together to treat each individual, not just their conditions or illnesses, as we strive to deliver the finest possible care for our patients - the center of everything we do. Weill Cornell Medicine is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Weill Cornell Medicine provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, or genetic information. Weill Cornell Medicine 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Weill Cornell Medicine in New York, NY Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Weill Cornell Medicine Weill Cornell Medicine 661 reviews Weill Cornell Medicine is among the nation's top-ranked medical and graduate schools, striving for excellence in its education of the wor... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
