
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, AI Integrity (PhD) - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, AI Integrity (PhD) Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Internship Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Facebook AI, we work on advancing the state-of-the-art in AI to bring the world closer together. Protecting people from harmful content is an integral part of this mission. Every month, over 3 Billion people across the world use Facebook’s suite of products to stay connected to the people and things they care about. To keep them safe on our platforms, we analyze millions of unique pieces of content shared every day in 100 languages. Our diverse and inclusive team develop ground-breaking AI technologies that power these large scale systems to detect problems such as misinformation, suicide and self-harm, election integrity, child safety, and many more.Advances in AI are key to our mission, spanning some of the most pressing research challenges of our generation across the areas of natural language processing, computer vision, information retrieval, multimodal understanding, manipulated media, reinforcement learning, relational learning, behavioral modeling, databases, and graph neural networks. There is tremendous opportunity to create the next generation algorithms, models and infrastructure for large scale content analysis to keep people safe on social media platforms. 
Contribute to advancing the science of AI technologies for reducing harm and problems on social media platforms. 
Develop and deploy to production state-of-the-art machine learning models that prove useful in Integrity for large scale natural language processing. 
Collaborate with peer researchers and engineers to influence the research strategy in areas such as natural language processing, computer vision, multimodality understanding. 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree in Computer Science or similar relatable field. 
Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hiring, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Internship(s) and/or research assistantship(s) in an AI research organization. 
Highly technical, hands-on expertise in AI/Machine Learning/Deep Learning/Natural Language Processing. 
Research experience in AI/Machine Learning/Deep Learning/Natural Language Processing. 
Major-author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g. NIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV, and ACL). 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Research Scientist salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
