
 
 
 
 Autonomous Vehicle Support Specialist - Detroit, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomous Vehicle Support Specialist TaskUs 810 reviews Detroit, MI TaskUs 810 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. So what does a  Fleet Response Specialist  really do? Think of yourself as the backbone of the company, not just anyone who is qualified for this role! We make sure we get the best of the best. After all, we are a ridiculously good company with our employees being top-notch. So come on, we need your full concentration on what it's like being a  Fleet Response Specialist. 
Imagine yourself going to work with one thing on your mind: to provide the best support experience to your clients. As you tackle your new tasks for the day, you know that it comes down to being able to provide world-class service to your clients in an accurate, measured by different performance metrics 
As a  Fleet Response Specialist , you will be on the cutting edge of self-driving technology. You will interact with artificial intelligence, to identify and correct any issues. This role is ideal for a candidate who is very detail-oriented, can look at multiple computer screens at once, intelligently identify what is showing on the screens, and quickly adjust as needed. Think of it as a flight simulator, for self-driving vehicles while also being an investigator. Fun, challenging, and rewarding, and the best part, we will teach you all you need to know to use this technology (some basic requirements are needed at the time of hire). You will also perform data and research functions. You will provide support through known basic troubleshooting techniques. You will identify and escalate priority issues. You will also document all information according to standard operating procedures. You must always strive for excellence and ensure duties are handled professionally based on the Guidelines set by the Client. You will meet and exceed client KPI's (Key Performance Indicators). You must also ensure consistent performance based on a continuous improvement model. You will also participate in all Internal and External training and/or seminars. You must have knowledge, understanding, and compliance with TaskUs policies and procedures. Also, you must maintain knowledge of the functional area and company policies and procedures. You will also provide feedback to management concerning possible problems or areas for improvement. You will also perform other duties as assigned by management 
So, do you have what it takes to become a Teammate? 
Requirements: 
What exactly are we looking for? Well, we need someone who's willing to work on cyclical schedules (24/7 support). Have experience driving a commercial vehicle (for at least 5 years, or a college degree. 
We're looking for someone who has strong verbal and written communication and comprehension skills. Someone who's computer literate and proficient in the use of modern technology, including computers, handheld devices, search engines, the internet, and the ability to adapt to new programs and software. Additional useful skills are observational skills and memory retention. Experience with technology development, modern video games and systems, long-distance driving, software, hardware, and tasks that require significant attention to detail, such as Security personnel, Teachers, Law Enforcement, Firefighters, EMS, Etc. 
We need someone with good problem-solving and critical thinking skills with a focus on issue resolution and precision. A person who's resourceful, able to multitask, and has a high attention to detail are a must for this team. 
You will be part of a team that is responsible for software deployment, real-time data analysis, simulated situations, and quality assurance. You will also be responsible to diagnose and resolve failures for software and hardware in the self-driving fleet. 
If you're someone who's self-motivated and able to work independently as well as contribute to cross-functional and global teams, is flexible and has the ability to quickly adjust to frequent process and information changes, and can work under pressure - then TaskUs is for you. TaskUs 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Support Specialist jobs in Detroit, MI Jobs at TaskUs in Detroit, MI Support Specialist salaries in Detroit, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from TaskUs TaskUs 810 reviews TaskUs provides next generation customer experience that powers the world's most disruptive companies through the partnership of amazing ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
