
 
 
 
 National TeleCardiologist (Part Time) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search National TeleCardiologist (Part Time) Heartbeat Health Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us 
Heartbeat Health is a venture-backed health tech startup in New York. We are working to deliver the most effective, efficient, and engaging virtual heart care in the world. By 2030, over 40% of the US population will have heart disease, with direct and indirect costs approaching $1 trillion USD. Heart disease may be the most important health crisis we confront in our time. 
Heartbeat addresses this problem via virtual cardiology services that include diagnostic interpretation, telecardiology, and procedural referrals to bring virtual-first care to cardiology, and improve the outcomes and efficiency for cardiac patients. 
Our team consists of passionate and proven physicians, engineers, scientists, designers, and founders attacking this problem from first principles, applying human-centered design, and developing evidence-based AI to solve this global issue. We collaborate with the American College of Cardiology, and we have been recognized as one of the 150 most promising digital health startups by CB Insights. We recently closed our Series B funding and are backed by Echo Health Ventures, Optum Ventures, DaVita Venture Group, .406 Ventures, Kindred Ventures, Lerer Hippeau, Designer Fund, and Max Ventures. We’ve been featured in TechCrunch, CNBC, Fast Company, and Forbes. 
Heartbeat Health is seeking board-certified cardiologists to become part-time telecardiologists!
 About the role 
Provide best-in-class cardiovascular care via the Heartbeat app, providing synchronous and asynchronous care. 
Providers will have the ability to engage in the breadth of virtual cardiology opportunities available through Heartbeat, ranging from asynchronous imaging and ECG interpretation to virtual consultation. 
We are interested in candidates who are passionate about innovating and expanding access to high quality care. 
If interested, please apply with a list of all active US medical licenses. 
About you 
Physicians will be Board Certified in Internal Medicine & Cardiovascular Disease 
Licensed in any state (multiple state licenses preferred) 
Proficient in ECG, ECG monitoring, echos, stress echos, and cardiology consultation 
Vascular interpretation helpful but not required for this role 
Comfortable with telehealth and writing prescriptions remotely 
Forward-thinking 
Tech-savvy and Communicative 
Personable and Engaging 
Passionate about patient care, education and communication 
 Why you'll love working here 
We're mission-driven:  we're revolutionizing the way cardiovascular care is delivered 
Up for the challenge:  make a big impact by joining a fast-growing team in its early stages 
Great people:  become a part of something incredible, and do it with an exceptionally talented, multidisciplinary team.
 We care about diversity:  diversity allows us to build an excellent patient experience. We are an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
In addition to finding people who are truly excellent at what they do, our team is founded on a set of values we hold close to heart: 
 Our Values 
Be amazing at what you do, without ego. 
Take ownership and be accountable to yourself and the team. 
Move fast with our stakeholders' best interests at heart. 
Be open to a breadth of ideas, but focused on delivery. 
Measure and improve what really matters. 
Be candid and honest with people. 
Demonstrate high integrity, always. 
Help others and appreciate those who help you. 
Be a kind and decent human. 
Have fun. 
 You’re open to new ideas, thoughtful in your approach, pragmatic in your delivery, constantly learning, and up for a challenge. You elevate the work of those around you. You want the superpower to save millions of lives. 
If you don't tick every box above, we'd still encourage you to apply. We're building a diverse team whose skills balance and complement one another. 
 
 We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
We do not accept unsolicited resumes from outside recruiters/placement agencies. Heartbeat will not pay fees associated with resumes presented through unsolicited means. 
#BI-Remote Heartbeat Health 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Cardiology Physician jobs in Remote Jobs at Heartbeat Health in Remote Cardiology Physician salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Heartbeat Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
