
 
 
 
 Renewal Account Manager (m/f/d/v) - Clearwater, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Renewal Account Manager (m/f/d/v) TeamViewer GmbH 25 reviews Clearwater, FL TeamViewer GmbH 25 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
TeamViewer is a leading global technology company that provides a connectivity platform to remotely access, control, manage, monitor, and repair devices of any kind – from laptops and mobile phones to industrial machines and robots. TeamViewer proactively shapes digital transformation and continuously innovates in the fields of Augmented Reality, Internet of Things or Artificial Intelligence. Since the company’s foundation in 2005, TeamViewer’s software has been installed on more than 2.2 billion devices around the world. The company is headquartered in Goppingen, Germany, and employs more than 1350 people globally. 
Job Description 
Retain customer contracts and cross-sell into different product groups. 
Provide the customer with a great experience that increases their lifetime value. 
Demonstrate the value of the software vs other competitors to customers. 
Answer resale client questions about setup and product functionality. 
Be able to handle escalated calls or frustrated customers and convert them into satisfied customers. 
Maintain a positive attitude. 
Convert termination or cancellation requests into opportunities to win the customer back and cross sell. 
Contact existing clients and convert to opportunities. 
Provide online demos and webinars of TeamViewer to existing customers. 
Promptly responding to email/ticket requests. 
Provide renewal quotes and follow up on quotations within expected time frames. 
Promote and maintain a high quality, professional, service-oriented company image among customers. 
Provide technical support to customers who are terminating or cancelling their contract due to incorrect setup or configuration. 
Process any written request from our customers using our proprietary systems (Ticket system, CRM and License Tool). 
Take care of upcoming renewals and convert into cross-selling and up-selling activities with our existing customers. 
Maintaining a productivity level that is consistent and at least on average with the team level is required. 
Update information and activities into various systems as advised by the Senior or Manager. 
Ideate possible ways to improve our process and system. 
Qualifications 
Sales talent and enthusiasm for working with people 
Excellent writing, editing, interpersonal and communications skills 
At least 1 year of a sales background is preferred 
Open-minded and team-oriented 
Additional Information 
Teams that collaborate and work with each other towards a common goal 
We offer career development and a top tier benefits plan including medical, dental, vision, and 401k match 
This position will start remote until our offices reopen due to the pandemic. 
We offer perks like free fruit, drinks and a variety of health and wellbeing activities 
It's all about the team: become part of a community that values respect, support and open feedback 
We truly live and celebrate our cultural diversity: our colleagues come from more than 70 countries and speak more than 40 languages 
We work hard, and play harder! Look forward to company celebrations, team events and other social gathering 
Make a significant contribution to the company. TeamViewer is used in space. What else can we achieve with your help? TeamViewer GmbH 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Account Manager jobs in Clearwater, FL Jobs at TeamViewer GmbH in Clearwater, FL Account Manager salaries in Clearwater, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from TeamViewer GmbH TeamViewer GmbH 25 reviews Based in Germany, TeamViewer is a global software company specializing in products for desktop sharing, online collaboration, security an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
