
 
 
 
 Adjunct Instructor - Business Data Science, Woodland Park, NJ - Woodland Park, NJ 07424 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjunct Instructor - Business Data Science, Woodland Park, NJ Berkeley College 263 reviews Woodland Park, NJ 07424 Part-time Berkeley College 263 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Job Details 
 Description 
 Berkeley College has a diverse student population across its New York and New Jersey locations. 
 
 Engage in the classroom and reply to emails, students’ questions, etc. within 24 hours on non-holiday weekdays. 
 Be a faculty leader in your classes. 
 Evaluate and grade students' class work, assignments, and papers within the timeframe set forth by Berkeley policy providing effective feedback to guide student learning and success. 
 Comply with Berkeley guidelines and expectations for quality faculty engagement online. 
 Attend discipline specific and administrative meetings as scheduled. 
 Support Berkeley College initiatives and departments. 
 
 Job Requirements: 
 
A Master’s degree and other appropriate credentials, if applicable. 
 
 Proficiency in R, Python, Relational and non-relational databases, and Cloud computing with in-depth knowledge of machine learning and artificial intelligence libraries, and APIs. 
 Demonstrated success in teaching at an institution of higher education. 
 A willingness to travel and teach at multiple campuses across NY and NJ and Online, if applicable. 
 An ability to teach classes during the day, the evening and/or the weekend. 
 Experience using technology and interactive electronic materials to support teaching and learning. 
 Experience using a Learning Management System such as Canvas. 
 
 We are only accepting applications, from candidates who reside in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Florida, now and during the course of employment with Berkeley College. Berkeley College 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Adjunct Instructor jobs in Woodland Park, NJ Jobs at Berkeley College in Woodland Park, NJ Adjunct Instructor salaries in Woodland Park, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Berkeley College Berkeley College 263 reviews Berkeley College is a higher education institution founded in 1931, specializing in business and professional studies. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
