
 
 
 
 Technical Support Specialist - New York, NY 10003 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Support Specialist Noodle Partners 4 reviews New York, NY 10003 Remote Full-time Noodle Partners 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Technical Support Specialist 
Online education is no longer a novel or niche idea. It is the fastest-growing segment in higher education, accounting for 20% of all enrollees and 35% of graduate-level certificates and degrees. It's also getting increasingly competitive, as more and better programs are launched each semester. Universities need to go online quickly, economically, and elegantly, creating programs that students can't wait to tell their friends about and that their professors want to teach. 
Noodle helps universities bring programs online with flexibility, transparency, alignment, efficiency, and joy. That's why more top universities chose us last year than all other online program managers combined. We are a passionate team of technologists, educators, and experts. Online learning has the potential to transform higher education; if you’re interested in being part of that journey, keep reading! 
About the Role: 
The Technical Support Specialist will provide exceptional support to users of our brand new custom-built OPM system and to Noodle employees and university partners. They will represent user needs, become a product expert of Noodle’s technology infrastructure, and provide custom training opportunities & automated self help options. This role will be an exciting way to break into AI support configuration! 
As our Technical Support Specialist, you will: 
Act as a product expert for full inventory of Noodle technology and our new custom-built OPM 
Provide exceptional support in a live chat environment 
Resolve support tickets within SLAs meeting Noodle customer service expectations 
Attend Scrum team demos to understand firsthand system changes and user impact 
Create and manage documentation for ever-evolving products 
Configure and maintain AI/chatbot technology solutions including automated conversations and custom knowledge base resources 
Understand and support custom e-commerce payment gateway systems and website configuration 
Assist with Zendesk and Jira Service Desk configuration, maintenance, and support 
Analyze ticket resolutions to identify common issues and improve self-help options 
Assist with on-call support and scheduling 
Manage user access and vendor relationships 
Provide remote troubleshooting sessions for complex issues to unblock employees quickly 
Work directly with product representatives to provide clear support requirements and use information presented in Scrum rituals to disseminate technical knowledge 
You have: 
A Bachelor’s degree 
3+ years of experience in technical support 
Experience in service management environments 
Demonstrated hands on-experience with service management software, preferably Zendesk and Jira 
Expertise in technical documentation and workflow drafting 
Comfortable troubleshooting with and training end users directly 
Strong customer service skills 
Can communicate effectively and concisely through email/Slack, in-person, and presentations 
Ability to solve problems with people while maintaining trust and SLAs 
An interest in staying updated and constantly expanding knowledge of the organization's products, services, and policies. 
Willingness to advocate for end-user needs and recommend new products, services or improvements. 
Ability to work closely-yet respectfully-with a wide array of professionals. 
A can-do attitude ‒ this is a start-up, which means you must be able to embrace uncertainty with poise and be flexible. 
A team mentality ‒ as a key member of the Noodle Partners team, you’ve got to put the needs of the team first, at every turn! 
Reactive and proactive problem-solving skills in order to keep our employees informed and happy. 
Willingness to collaborate across teams and act as the company’s “face of technology.” 
Intrinsic drive to respond promptly and professionally to all inquiries while establishing and maintaining good rapport with employees by using positive language and anticipating their needs. 
Interest in approaching all situations with the goal of simplifying and streamlining the technology experience of all employees. 
Experience managing through influence, and dealing diplomatically with multiple stakeholders. 
At Noodle, we hire people who will help us change the future of online education. Even if you don't think you check off every bullet point on this list, we still encourage you to apply! We value both current experience and future potential 
Noodle Benefits 
Work from our beautiful NYC office! OR Work from the comfort of your home office! 
Great compensation package! 
401K + match, bonus potential, and equity opportunities 
Tools you need on us! Mac is our computer of choice 
Our insurance plan offers medical, dental, vision, short- and long-term disability coverage, plus supplementals for all employees and dependents 
12 weeks paid Parental Leave 
Pre-tax commuter benefits 
3 weeks paid vacation + 10 paid holidays + paid sick leave 
Monthly Gym Reimbursement and Membership to premium medical services like One Medical and Eden Health 
Monthly cell phone reimbursement 
Annual education stipend for lifelong learning 
Growth - we pride ourselves on creating environments where employees can be themselves and grow within and around the company 
Noodle is committed to creating a welcoming and inclusive workplace for everyone. We value and celebrate our differences because those differences are what make our team shine. We hire great people from different backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes us stronger as a whole. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. Noodle Partners 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Support Specialist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Noodle Partners in New York, NY Technical Support Specialist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Noodle Partners Noodle Partners 4 reviews The people at Noodle have designed, built, and managed some of the best online undergraduate and graduate programs in the country. Since ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
