
 
 
 
 Natural Language Processing: Full Time Opportunities for PhD Graduates - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Natural Language Processing: Full Time Opportunities for PhD Graduates Microsoft 7,267 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Every year, we welcome thousands of university graduates from every corner of the world to join Microsoft. You bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. 
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and when you begin your career with us, we empower you through the Microsoft Aspire Experience. Those hired into this role are invited to participate in this two-year learning and development experience where you'll build your network, cultivate intentional capabilities and gain perspective into the career opportunities across Microsoft’s many exciting businesses. 
We’re a company of learn-it-all’s rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes. 
Are you ready to join us and create the future?  Come as you are, do what you love—start your journey with us today! 
Artificial intelligence (AI) is dramatically transforming people’s work and life now. Natural Language processing is in the center of the transform. Our teams have advanced the state of the art in natural language processing, speech processing, deep learning, video game AI, and even computational historical linguistics. We're looking for folks who are smart, passionate, productive, and kind to join in our ambitious project. You will be part of an ambitious plan to reshape human-computer interaction with conversational AI. We believe that the current prevailing approaches to dialogue. 
Do you want to work on a meaningful and impactful project and make a difference? Are you willing to learn from others and open to new ideas? Do you want to support others to succeed and operate in a highly collaborative and global environment? If this sounds like you, Microsoft would like to invite you to come join us as you are, where you can find more than just a job. Read on to learn more about opportunities and apply online! 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for a motivated, self-driven software development engineer/scientist to join our mission to change the world with Natural language processing technology. 
Address challenges in products through Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning approaches and publish papers; 
Track state-of-the-arts techniques, and keep lead positions in public competitions of various NLP tasks, including IR, QA, MRC, and Dialogues, etc. 
Explore fundamental challenges for NLP and make breakthrough 
Improve the speech output quality in terms of naturalness, expressiveness. 
Provides good guidance on core speech output algorithm investigation. 
Work on collaborations with Microsoft Research 
Drive the Natural Language processing output technology roadmap for Microsoft 
Qualifications 
Currently pursuing or completed a PhD degree in Computer Science/Electrical Engineering (with focus in one or more of Natural Language processing). 
Effective communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment. 
Strong software development skills, aptitude for process design Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity. 
Visit our Careers FAQ Page to learn more about the interview process and answers to commonly asked questions. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
