
 
 
 
 Staff Engineer - Machine Learning - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Engineer - Machine Learning McDonald's Corporate 201,697 reviews Mountain View, CA McDonald's Corporate 201,697 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Refer A Friend 
 Company Description 
McDonald’s is proud to be one of the most recognized brands in the world, with restaurants in over 100 countries that serve 70 million customers daily. As the global leader in the food service industry, our legacy of innovation and hard work continues to drive us. 
From drive thru updates to delivery to mobile order and pay, we are innovating quickly and growing. Joining McDonald's means thinking big and preparing for a career that can have influence around the world. 
At McDonald’s, we see every day as a chance to create positive impact. We lead through our values centered on inclusivity, service, integrity, community and family. From support of Ronald McDonald House Charities to our Youth Opportunity project and sustainability initiatives, our values keep us dedicated to using our scale for good: good for our customers, people, industry and planet. We also offer outstanding benefits including a sabbatical program, tuition assistance and flexible work arrangements. 
We are an equal opportunity employer committed to the diversity of our crew members, staff, operators, and suppliers. We promote an inclusive work environment that creates feel-good moments for everyone. We are interested in people who enhance our company culture: Does this role interest you? We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet every single requirement! 
Job Description 
McD Tech Labs is the recently established Silicon Valley based technology development group within McDonald’s Corporation. Our mission is to deliver sophisticated technology solutions that address real-world, data driven needs in the McDonald’s Restaurant environment. We are focused on using state-of-the-art Machine Learning, AI, and related technologies along with McDonald’s unparalleled scale to completely transform the customer experience! 
We are seeking to hire a Staff Engineer - Machine Learning to join our growing team! 
We are looking for someone who has extensive experience and expertise in designing and implementing ML training pipelines as we improve and scale our AI Drive-thru solution. As our Staff Engineer, you will serve as the ML specialist and guide other engineers to tackle complex algorithmic and architectural challenges. 
Core responsibilities for this role include: 
Investigate and experiment with new model architecture to improve existing ML model and training pipelines, run-time inference and performance improvements 
You will creatively balance the demands of production-level software engineering with exploratory research and development 
Work with teams to develop and improve machine learning pipeline that goes all the way from R&D to at-scale deployment 
Qualifications 
 Must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccination by date of hire to be considered. Proof of vaccination required 
Extensive experience working with, developing, and maintaining production-level Python 
You have some C++ experience 
Hands-on experience with ML model deployment and inference in a production setting 
Experience using TensorFlow, PyTorch, MxNet or similar tools 
Ability to build NLP data pipelines and perform data transformations to fit deep learning models for language learning 
Experience with sequence-to-sequence neural networks (e.g. LSTMs, GRUs, Transformers, etc.) in any domain 
Additional Information 
McDonald’s is committed to providing qualified individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Additionally, if you (or another applicant of whom you are aware) require assistance accessing or reading this job posting or otherwise seek assistance in the application process, please contact recruiting.supportteam@us.mcd.com 
McDonald’s provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), race, color, religion, ancestry or national origin, age, disability status, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, protected military or veteran status, citizenship status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
Nothing in this job posting or description should be construed as an offer or guarantee of employment. McDonald's Corporate 30 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at McDonald's Corporate in Mountain View, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from McDonald's Corporate McDonald's Corporate 201,697 reviews McDonald’s is proud to be one of the most recognized brands in the world, with restaurants in over 100 countries and billions of customer... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
