
 
 
 
 Senior Counsel Commercial Programs - New Brunswick, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Counsel Commercial Programs Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 6,382 reviews New Brunswick, NJ Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 6,382 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Johnson & Johnson Law Department seeks a Senior Counsel, Commercial Programs to support the Cardiovascular & Specialty Solutions and Robotics & Digital Solutions businesses within the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies.
 Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson & Johnson for over 125 years. We embrace research and science - bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people. Employees of the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies work with partners in health care to touch the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world. 
 Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly-based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the pharmaceutical, medical devices and consumer markets. The more than 250 Johnson & Johnson operating companies employ more than 130,000 people throughout the world.
 Thriving on a diverse company culture, celebrating the uniqueness of our employees and committed to inclusion. Proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
 The Senior Counsel, Commercial Programs will: 
 Counsel clients on commercial activities, including the development and execution of go-to-market strategies and innovative contracting, related to products, services and solutions offered by the Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies across U.S. customer channels.
 Focus on transactions and interactions with healthcare providers, group purchasing organizations, payers, and other customers, including contracting, risk mitigation, policy development and review.
 Effectively engage with customers in a broad range of important areas such as negotiation of commercial arrangements and management of commercial dispute resolution.
 Work closely with pricing strategy, contracting, account management, marketing, finance and other functions. 
 Responsible for providing legal counsel and support related to fraud and abuse laws (including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and associated safe harbors, OIG guidance and state laws) and related health care laws and regulations, industry standards and company policies.
 Develop and conduct training for clients on a range of legal considerations and health care compliance topics related to commercial programs and interactions with commercial customers.
 Engage in key policy and regulatory issues impacting our customer relationships and business strategies to ensure our support is innovative, agile and appropriately adapted to a rapidly changing environment. 
 Effectively provide and coordinate legal support in above areas, requiring independent initiative, contributing as a member of cross-functional teams and collaborating with business and Law Department colleagues on key matters. 
 
 Qualifications 
A Juris Doctor Degree with admission to (and current good standing with) the bar of at least one state or the District of Columbia. 
 A minimum of 7 years of experience practicing as an attorney, with a minimum of 4 years of relevant experience advising clients on health care matters either in-house (e.g., manufacturer, health system or provider) or at a law firm supporting clients in the life sciences or technology industry is required.
 Experience advising on health care compliance obligations, including the U.S. health care fraud and abuse laws is preferred. 
 Strong transactional skills including experience drafting and negotiating complex commercial contracts (e.g., device and equipment sales, distribution, technology, collaboration or managed care agreements) is required. 
 Experience with transactions related to information technology, cybersecurity, robotics, artificial intelligence, software, cloud, data, medical device hardware, or privacy is preferred. 
 Must possess the ability to think strategically, develop creative and compliant solutions and apply strong analytical skills is required. 
 Strong communicator with the ability to make the complex simple and a highly effective collaborator in a team-based, fast-paced matrix environment. 
 The position will be located in Raritan, NJ and may require some limited domestic travel.
 Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability 
 
 Primary Location 
United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-One Johnson & Johnson Plaza 
 Organization 
Johnson & Johnson (6067) 
 Job Function 
Legal 
 Requisition ID 
2105961470W Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Counsel jobs in New Brunswick, NJ Senior Counsel salaries in New Brunswick, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 6,382 reviews Johnson & Johnson is the world’s most broadly based healthcare organization and includes more than 275+ companies focused in medical devi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
