
 
 
 
 Quality Engineer - Madison, TN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Engineer SharkNinja 94 reviews Madison, TN SharkNinja 94 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Quality Engineer - Madison, TN 
 
SharkNinja is a relentless innovator with 550+ patents in consumer technologies. We obsess about consumer satisfaction. We build up our company by building up our people. We seize opportunities—individually and collectively—to be competitive with our products and attract the most talented people in the world. 
 
SharkNinja Robotics Organization is a unique group of Robotics, Software/Hardware Engineers, Analysts and Data Scientists who work on cutting edge technologies in IoT, Cloud, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Cleaning Technologies to create delightful consumer products. Through an unrelenting focus on solving for consumer’s pain points, we have built a loyal and passionate following that continues to garner us 5‑star ratings on our products. 
 
The  Quality Engineer  will work to support App Development team by testing and analyzing the performance of the latest Apps (both iOS and Android) as well as be part of a team that is responsible for global, best in class, iOS and Android applications. 
  Strong technical, problem solving and communication skills  Perform testing of the Android and iOS mobile apps  Regression testing  Test existing issues, report results
  Find new issues and create corresponding JIRA tickets  Understanding and analyzing of requirements  Bug detection and regression skills  Ability to learn new concepts quickly  Ability to work under supervision as well as independently  Interest in Mobile App Development  Knowledge of Swift, Kotlin, Objective C, Java is a plus  Previous Programming experience is required  Detail-oriented, analytical, methodical and creative problem solver committed to driving quality 
 
 At SharkNinja, our purpose is to positively impact people’s lives every day in every home around the world. We work very hard to provide our consumers with high quality, exciting 5-star products that make life easier. We thrive on passion and innovation, and are looking for great people, with great ideas, who want to create the next big thing. We take a team approach to our projects, where everyone has a voice. We want individuals to push limits, look outside the box and think the unthinkable. With the explosive growth we have been experiencing, we’re looking for motivated individuals to join us on our exciting journey. People need to think big, move fast and want to make a significant impact. Are you ready? SharkNinja 14 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Engineer jobs in Madison, TN Jobs at SharkNinja in Madison, TN Quality Engineer salaries in Madison, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from SharkNinja SharkNinja 94 reviews At SharkNinja, our purpose is to positively impact people’s lives every day in every home around the world. We work very hard to provide ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
