
 
 
 
 Production Assistant - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Production Assistant TELUS International 1,213 reviews Remote Remote Full-time TELUS International 1,213 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Basic Information
 Ref number
 Req_00053682
 Primary Location
 Home Office - United States
 Description and Requirements
 Main Responsibilities 
Operate video recording and lighting equipment. 
Organize, setup and prepare simple sets, props and wardrobes. 
Assist and coach talent before and during their performance. 
Manage filming schedules and other paperwork. 
Comply with safety and security requirements (e.g., set lock-down). 
Cooperate and report regularly to Director, Project Managers and other team members. 
Minimum Requirements 
Must be located within a reasonable commuting distance to San Jose, California. 
Full-time availability (up to 40 hours/week). 
Experience in the video production field, especially as an operator or Production Assistant. 
Experience in basic talent coaching. 
Excellent customer service attitude. 
Experience in working in a global environment. 
Very organized, self-driven and able to work independently. 
Outspoken, friendly and have positive attitude to different people. 
Experience with Google Workspace Apps ( Gmail, Drive, Docs, Sheets). 
Able to work in a highly secure and confidential environment. 
Ability to speak other languages is a plus. 
 Additional Job Description
 Our TELUS International AI team is looking for a Production Assistant (PA) to assist with filming participants for ongoing Artificial Intelligence video production engagements in the San Jose, California area. Telus 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Production Assistant jobs in Remote Jobs at TELUS International in Remote Production Assistant salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TELUS International TELUS International 1,213 reviews At TELUS International, we focus on the human connection to deliver high-tech, high-touch customer experiences powered by next-gen digita... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
