
 
 
 
 Technology Advisor, USAID Digital Strategy Implementation and Programs Activity - Washington, DC 20005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technology Advisor, USAID Digital Strategy Implementation and Programs Activity IREX 13 reviews Washington, DC 20005 Full-time IREX 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About IREX: 
 
IREX is an independent nonprofit organization dedicated to building a more just, prosperous, and inclusive world by empowering youth, cultivating leaders, strengthening institutions, and extending access to quality education and information. Founded in 1968, IREX has an annual portfolio of over $90 million, offices in 20 countries, and a global staff of 400. We work in more than 100 countries worldwide. 
 
Summary of Position: 
 
IREX seeks a qualified Technology Advisor candidate for the anticipated USAID Digital Strategy Implementation and Programs Activity (DSIPA). This activity under USAID’s Innovation, Technology & Research Hub’s Technology Division (ITR/T) is designed to build the capacity of USAID Missions, Washington Operating Units (OUs), and partners across multiple technical and regional sectors, to advance digital initiatives that enhance security and economic prosperity in partner countries while safeguarding individual rights, freedom of expression, and democratic norms and practices. The activity will advance the research, training, strategic thinking, digital-sector partnerships, and behavior change that will equip USAID for the digital age. The activity will also foster the effective and responsible use of digital technology across all technical and regional sectors, and support the growth of open, inclusive, and secure digital ecosystems in partner countries. The Technology Advisor is responsible for advising the activity, buy-in clients, and USAID on emerging technologies and cybersecurity and digitization. 
 
This position is contingent on funding. 
 
Summary of Responsibilities: 
 
 Support the design and development of strategic and programmatic resources on topical areas of interest (e.g., Technology Trends, Cybersecurity guidance, Data Governance strategy, etc.) to help with the integration of digital technology at Missions and Washington OUs, throughout the Program Cycle, in both development and humanitarian-assistance programming contexts. 
 Provide digital technologies and digital development training, and other capacity building activities to USAID missions and staff, including the agency’s new Digital Development Advisors (DDAs) and the activities they support. 
 Engage in a variety of thoughtful leadership activities, from the creation of knowledge products across media formats, supporting and hosting relevant events (e.g., webinars, workshops, conferences) and publishing of relevant research and relevant reports. 
 Support the design and implementation of national ecosystem level activities (e.g., Digital Ecosystem Country Assessments, National Digital Strategies and Policy, Responsible and Ethical Digital practices, etc.) aim at improving and/or strengthening open, inclusive and secure digital ecosystems in partner countries. 
 Help build and maintain relationships with strategic technology partners across civil society, private sector, host government and other donors, across a variety of thematic areas (e.g., artificial intelligence, data ecosystems governance, digital government and digital infrastructure, Internet Connectivity, etc.) 
 
 Required Skills and Qualifications: 
 
 Master’s degree in relevant Technology field, Business Administration, International Development, or a related field 
 Minimum 10 years of experience working on technology, cybersecurity and/or digitalization, preferably within the development and/or humanitarian assistance fields 
 Must have excellent communication and relationship-building skills, including a proven ability to communicate complex concepts in technology to development and/or humanitarian assistance experts 
 Experience building and or managing technology partnerships, and great at building other relationships with peers from other organizations at all levels. 
 Excellent analytical and demonstrated problem-solving skills working in complex environments and working across different cultures 
 Advanced understanding of digital technology trends applicable to the development and/or humanitarian assistance fields 
 Experience with large digital transformation programs, and related change management and capacity building practices 
 Excellent written and spoken English is required. Another language like French or Spanish would be ideal. 
 
 To Apply: 
 
Click on “Apply” below to submit your CV for consideration, preferably along with a cover letter which summarizes your qualifications and states your salary expectations. IREX 9 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at IREX in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IREX IREX 13 reviews Irex Contracting Group is a network of specialty contractors delivering exceptional value in innovation, performance, safety and service.... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
