
 
 
 
 Sr. Research Associate - PDG - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Research Associate - PDG The Ohio State University 1,055 reviews Columbus, OH Remote $55,000 - $65,000 a year  -   Full-time The Ohio State University 1,055 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $55,000 - $65,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Screen reader users may encounter difficulty with this site. For assistance with applying, please contact hr-accessibleapplication@osu.edu . If you have questions while submitting an application, please review these frequently asked questions .
 Current Employees and Students:
 If you are currently employed or enrolled as a student at The Ohio State University, please l  og in to Workday to use the internal application process.
 Welcome to The Ohio State University's career site. We invite you to apply to positions of interest. In order to ensure your application is complete, you must complete the following:
 Ensure you have all necessary documents available when starting the application process. You can review the additional job description section on postings for documents that may be required.
 Prior to submitting your application, please review and update (if necessary) the information in your candidate profile as it will transfer to your application.
 Job Title:
 Sr. Research Associate - PDG
 Department:
 Law | College Administration
 The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law seeks a Senior Research Associate for the Program on Data and Governance (PDG). The Program on Data and Governance studies how to govern advanced analytics, artificial intelligence and other innovative uses of personal data so as to realize their social and economic potential while reducing the risks they pose to privacy, fairness, equity, and accountability. The Program conducts non-partisan, interdisciplinary research, hosts conferences and speaker events, advises policymakers and businesses, and engages students on vital questions regarding the governance of advanced analytics and AI. Under the direction of the Faculty Director, the Senior Research Associate will manage and implement the PDG’s research program. The Senior Research Associate will: suggest research directions and priorities; design, carry out and manage qualitative, quantitative and policy research and code and analyze the data; draft articles, white papers, periodical pieces, and content for the Program Website and social media accounts; conceptualize and plan conferences and symposia; identify funding opportunities and draft grant proposals; provide research-based briefings and trainings; catalyze and support interdisciplinary research collaborations; conduct scholarly and public presentations; supervise student research and papers; and perform other, relevant duties as assigned by the Faculty Director. Remote work may be possible upon mutual agreement with the Program Director.
 This is a 2 year term position, with possible renewal for an additional year, salary range $55,000 - $65,000 annually.
 Additional Information:
 Required: Master’s level degree in the social sciences or related fields such as law or policy. Skilled in the application and implementation of quantitative and qualitative research methods such as survey and interview protocol creation and implementation, and coding and analysis of data; demonstrated record of scholarly publications and presentations; interest in the information society, advanced analytics and AI, and privacy law and policy; ability to initiate research projects and directions; excellent writing, editing and analytical skills; strong verbal, interpersonal, and presentation skills, including how to explain complex concepts to non-experts; ability to work as a collegial member of a project team or work independently, as needed; Desired: PhD in the social sciences (including public policy or law) or in computer science, or equivalent practical experience; previous experience managing research and grant-funded projects; knowledge of data science; interest in interdisciplinary research; experience with and knowledge of academic centers and how they function and succeed.
 Please Note: Attach the Cover Letter, References and Sample Writing together with the Resume in the same attachment.
 Location:
 Drinko Hall (0049)
 Position Type:
 Term (Fixed Term)
 Scheduled Hours:
 40
 Shift:
 First Shift
 Salary Grade:
 A&P Annual 63
 Final candidates are subject to successful completion of a background check. A drug screen or physical may be required during the post offer process.
 Thank you for your interest in positions at The Ohio State University and Wexner Medical Center. Once you have applied, the most updated information on the status of your application can be found by visiting the Candidate Home section of this site. Please view your submitted applications by logging in and reviewing your status. For answers to additional questions please review the frequently asked questions .
 The Ohio State University is an equal opportunity employer.
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, disability, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, genetic information, HIV/AIDS status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, pregnancy, protected veteran status, or any other bases under the law.
 Applicants are encouraged to complete and submit the Equal Employment Identification form. The Ohio State University 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Associate jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at The Ohio State University in Columbus, OH Senior Research Associate salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Ohio State University The Ohio State University 1,055 reviews The Ohio State University is one of America’s largest and most comprehensive universities, and one of Ohio’s largest employers. Our facul... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
