
 
 
 
 Head Grower - Lockhart, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head Grower Iron Ox, Inc. Lockhart, TX Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us 
Iron Ox is reimagining the modern farm, utilizing robotics and AI to grow fresh, consistent, and responsibly farmed produce for everyone. Our experienced team of growers, plant scientists, engineers, and innovators are passionate about deeply understanding and developing this new wave of technology to feed an ever-growing population. 
Our mission at Iron Ox is dedicated to addressing some of the most significant issues in food security, now and in the future. We’re focused on sustainable, scalable food production for a changing climate and an ever-growing population. 
Who We're Looking For 
We are looking for an experienced Head Grower that will support our newest greenhouse facility in Lockhart, TX. Candidates must have a holistic understanding of the many factors that affect plant growth and be prepared to think outside the box when solving problems. The ideal Head Grower is a motivated, organized individual with a passion for agriculture and innovation. 
 
 As a Head Grower at Iron Ox, you will be responsible for greenhouse crop performance and be a key member of the Iron Ox team. Our Grow team will be focused on optimizing plant growth to produce a consistent and high quality product. The Head Grower is a critical position that provides assistance and leadership aimed at helping Iron Ox achieve its milestones as well as maintaining its company mission. You will be leveraging your extensive background in greenhouse production to inform the development and integration of a fully automated growing system. This is a full time position based at our Lockhart production facility and will report to the Head of Growing. 
 What You'll Be Doing 
Drive planting schedules to maximize crop productivity and greenhouse utilization 
Monitor and collect plant health and performance metrics from seed to harvest 
Digest crop and climate variables for creating harvest forecasts 
Partner with Greenhouse Operations and Sales teams to outline weekly production plans 
Provide leadership for the company by working with cross-functional teams to ensure that short and long-term goals, strategies, plans, and policies are followed 
Make data driven decisions for optimizing the greenhouse environment 
Lead and mentor a team of growers and IPM specialists focused on improving crop efficiency and yield 
Develop plans to trial and execute new growing methods that improve the quality and consistency of our crops 
Support Plant Science initiatives for modeling crop productivity and data collection 
Follow and implement company standards for quality and food safety 
Maintain a safe working environment for humans and robots 
 What You'll Bring 
5+ years of experience working in commercial hydroponic food production 
Holistic understanding of the greenhouse environment and factors that affect plant growth 
Passion for leadership and mentorship 
An eye for improvement: you will continuously work to improve operating efficiencies 
Bachelor's degree (B.S.) in horticulture, plant science or equivalent work experience 
Champion of an effective food safety program 
Experience with fertigation and climate control technology typically used in CEA 
Basic computer skills, including experience with Google Suite 
Great time management and organization 
Self starter who has attention to detail and a willingness to learn new subjects 
Proactive, goal oriented individuals who take pride in their accomplishments 
Strong communication, integration, problem solving and interpersonal skills 
Team player 
 Nice-to-Haves 
IPM program experience, any Texas Department of Agriculture certifications 
Ability to communicate effectively in Spanish 
 Physical Requirements
 Ability to lift 25 pounds regularly, and up to 50 lbs occasionally 
Ability to bend at the waist, crouch, stoop, squat, and kneel 
Fine manipulation with hands, pinching and other work done primarily with fingers 
Ability to work in greenhouse conditions, a wide range of temperatures, humidity, and sunlight 
Stand for extended periods of time. 
 Physical Requirements
 Iron Ox is a small startup with a big dream. You’ll be a part of a team founded on transparency, creativity, and impact on our mission to feed people 
Competitive compensation and meaningful equity package 
Medical, vision, and dental insurance 
401K 
 We are a mission-driven and well-funded startup, backed by the likes of YCombinator, Pathbreaker Ventures, R7, and Crosslink Capital. We are headquartered in San Carlos, CA with our primary production greenhouse facility located in Gilroy, CA and Lockhart, TX. 
Iron Ox is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
Please note: Iron Ox does not accept unsolicited resumes from staffing vendors, including recruitment agencies and/or search firms. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Iron Ox employees, or any other company location. Any submittals without a prior signed agreement will become property of Iron Ox. 
U.S. E-Verify Notice: Iron Ox participates in E-Verify in the United States. Iron Ox will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Iron Ox, Inc. 30 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Grower jobs in Lockhart, TX Jobs at Iron Ox in Lockhart, TX Grower salaries in Lockhart, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Iron Ox, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
