
 
 
 
 Director of Machine Learning - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Machine Learning Adobe 705 reviews San Jose, CA Full-time Adobe 705 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Company
 
 
Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 
 
We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours! 
 
 Our Company
 Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences. We’re passionate about empowering people to craft beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.
 We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to building exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
 The Opportunity
 At Adobe, we are applying cutting-edge AI/ML to build innovative document experiences. We are looking for an exceptional senior leader to lead teams of ML scientists and software engineers and help us build the next generation of AI powered document experiences. This is a unique opportunity to shape the future of documents at the place that invented PDF and build delightful products that touch hundreds of millions of users!
 As a Director of ML, you will collaborate closely across product teams, to build and deliver core ML-powered technologies that provide high leverage across products a provides strong differentiation in the marketplace.
 What You’ll Do
 Hire and directly lead a diverse team of world-class ML and software engineers while being responsible for driving all aspects of ML product development: ML modeling, data/ML pipelines, quality evaluations, productization, and ML monitoring.
 Create and instill a team culture that focuses on sound scientific processes, engineering excellence, and encourages deep engagement with our customers and out of the box thinking
 Mentor technical leaders and set high bars for excellence in architecture and code design
 Participate in the design and review of features, technology choices, architecture, designs, time and budget estimates, and test strategies
 Handle project scope and risks with data, analytics and creative problem solving
 Develop and evolve engineering processes and collaboration models to optimize team efficiency and collaboration
 Work closely with teams and managers across Adobe, in different geographies
 What You Need to Succeed
 B.S. / M.S. degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 5+ years as an engineer building ML-powered services or products
 7+ years as an engineering manager
 Familiarity with modern ML techniques for computer vision, NLP, recommendations, anomaly detection, etc.
 Experience building and shipping ML/data powered features
 Strong data and analytics skills - can tell a story with data and analytics
 Experience working with large scale data sets and data engineering tools
 At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
 If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.
 Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Adobe 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Adobe in San Jose, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Adobe Adobe 705 reviews Adobe is the global leader in digital media and digital marketing solutions. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower every... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
