
 
 
 
 CIS Lecturer Positions 2022 - Philadelphia, PA 19104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CIS Lecturer Positions 2022 University of Pennsylvania 930 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19104 Full-time University of Pennsylvania 930 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description School of Engineering and Applied Science - Computer and Information Science
 
 Location:  Philadelphia, PA
 Open Date:  Aug 22, 2021
 
 Deadline: 
The University of Pennsylvania's Department of Computer & Information Science is pleased to welcome applications for multiple teaching positions as a Lecturer or Senior Lecturer. It is a very exciting time to be engaged in computer science education at Penn, as we are experiencing incredible growth and interest in CS courses at all levels, are developing new on-campus and online learning programs, and are rapidly growing the size of our faculty.
 
We are seeking dedicated, accomplished, full-time instructors to teach introductory-sequence courses, undergraduate electives, and Master's-level courses in data science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, software systems, software engineering, cyber security, and other areas, starting in July 2022.
 
Additionally (see separate job posting), as part of our revamped teaching-track faculty career path, we also have an open Practice Assistant Professor position. This is a great career choice for teaching-focused faculty members who have a track record of published research in engineering education and are interested in developing and publishing on innovative pedagogical techniques. Applicants are encouraged to apply for any/all positions for which they think they may be qualified .
 
We seek individuals who embrace and reflect diversity in the broadest sense. Members of our teaching faculty participate in departmental and school-level efforts to promote diversity, equity and inclusion, and to work closely with students to identify and address diversity challenges. As such, we request a discussion of candidates' experiences in establishing and maintaining supportive, inclusive environments for diverse student communities, and what plans they have for being involved in diversity efforts at Penn.
 
To apply, visit https://apply.interfolio.com/92596
 
The University of Pennsylvania values diversity and seeks talented students, faculty and staff from diverse backgrounds. The University of Pennsylvania is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected class. Questions or concerns about this should be directed to the Executive Director of the Office of Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Programs, University of Pennsylvania, 421 Franklin Building, 3451 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6205; or  (215) 898-6993  (Voice) or (215) 898-7803 (TDD).
 
jeid-4199530214d535409a5ba34821b67f2e University of Pennsylvania 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lecturer jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, PA Lecturer salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Pennsylvania University of Pennsylvania 930 reviews The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
