
 
 
 
 Assistant, Associate or Full Professor - Buffalo, NY 14260 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant, Associate or Full Professor University at Buffalo 637 reviews Buffalo, NY 14260 Full-time, Tenure track University at Buffalo 637 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description The University at Buffalo (UB), State University of New York, School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) has recently started an ambitious faculty hiring campaign. The Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISE) is very pleased to announce that it is now seeking candidates for multiple tenure-track positions at the rank of Assistant, Associate, or Full Professor. 
 
Successful faculty candidates will hold a Ph.D. in Industrial and Systems Engineering or a closely related field and have a strong record of research and teaching. Individuals with expertise in operations research, production and service systems, and human factors engineering in domains such as defense and cyber security, disaster management, artificial intelligence, big data analytics, health systems, transportation and logistics, advanced manufacturing, and sustainable manufacturing are encouraged to apply. 
 
Our faculty are expected to operate effectively in a diverse community of students and faculty, be team oriented and share our vision of helping all constituents reach their full potential. Diversity and inclusion are core values of our university culture, and we strongly encourage individuals of under-represented minority status to apply. UB has made significant efforts to promote diversity and create an inclusive supportive work and educational environment for its workforce and students. The UB SEAS Justice, Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion (JEDI) initiative provides educational and programmatic events and resources to support inclusion among engineering faculty, staff, and students. 
 
UB ISE is ranked among the top 25 ISE graduate programs in the U.S. We offer B.S., M.S., M.E., Ph.D. degrees, with concentrations in operations research, human factors, production systems or engineering management. We are known for our strong focus on graduate research and education, having over 300 graduate students and approximately 150 undergraduates. UB has an extraordinary number of research resources that are available to its faculty to support and augment research programs. UB ISE faculty lead or are core members of several key university research centers such as the Center of Excellence in Sustainable Manufacturing and Robotic Technology (SMART), the Center of Excellence in Global Health Equity, the Center for Multisource Information Fusion, Center for Computational Research and the Stephen Still Institute for Sustainable Transportation and Logistics. We frequently collaborate with faculty of UB’s Jacob School of Medicine, School of Architecture and Planning, College of Arts and Sciences, as well as many of the eight other engineering departments within SEAS. 
 
UB faculty enjoy a high quality of life. Buffalo is a city with a rapidly growing economy, eclectic neighborhoods, world-class art galleries and museums, a vibrant theater and music community, the Lake Erie waterfront, a city-wide system of parks designed by renowned landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, and major and minor league sports teams. The awe-inspiring Niagara Falls is just 20 minutes away. The department is located on the UB North Campus in suburban Amherst, an area that combines outstanding public schools and services with a surprisingly low cost-of-living. 
 
Review of applications will begin immediately but applications will be received until the positions are filled. We request that applications be submitted by November 30, 2021. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Candidates must hold a doctorate in industrial engineering, systems engineering or a closely related field. PhD must be conferred prior to appointment. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Physical Demands 
 
 Type   Full-Time 
 
 Campus   North Campus 
 
 Posting Alerts 
 
 Special Instructions Summary 
 The application package should consist of a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, a Teaching statement no longer than two pages, a Research statement no longer than two pages; Diversity Statement and contact information for three references. When selected for interview referees will be emailed to upload their reference letter. Applicants must answer the following question submitted as “Diversity Statement.”
 
 
Applications submitted without a response to this question will not be considered:  “Please give an example of when you have changed or altered your approach to research based on your knowledge and awareness of underserved or underrepresented populations, and/or underreporting of relevant data stemming from explicit or implicit bias.” 
 
 Additional Information 
 Pursuant to Executive Order 161, no State entity, as defined by the Executive Order, is permitted to ask, or mandate, in any form, that an applicant for employment provide his or her current compensation, or any prior compensation history, until such time as the applicant is extended a conditional offer of employment with compensation. University at Buffalo 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Buffalo, NY Jobs at University at Buffalo in Buffalo, NY Associate Professor salaries in Buffalo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from University at Buffalo 637 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
