
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Tempus Ex Atlanta, GA Tempus Ex is the technological vanguard for the sports and entertainment industry. Harnessing the latest AI, ML, and data science technologies from the autonomous driving space alongside unparalleled access to sports, entertainment and technology leaders, we have partnered with top global sports leagues, broadcasters, and gaming companies to bring sports technology into the 21st century. 
 
Utilizing our unprecedented access, we R&D at the world's biggest sporting events, developing a stack of cloud and edge compute ML systems which deliver bleeding-edge data sets for broadcast, gaming, fantasy, analytics, statistics, and much more. 
 
Led by a team hailing from the sports and technology sectors, we are always on the lookout for the next generation of self starters driven by a desire to bring the Silicon Valley ethos of disruption and state-of-the-art technologies to revolutionize sports and entertainment. You'll be in great company, counting alumni from Apple, BitTorrent, Facebook, Intel and Tesla as your colleagues. 
 
We are looking for candidates who are passionate about transforming the tech and sports landscapes. We care that you are hungry to join a tight-knit, collaborative team that hails from all walks of life. We will give you the space to put your amazing skills to work at a breakneck pace, shipping products to millions of people who will have instant gratification. 
 
We can't wait to hear from you. 
 
About Us 
 
With our real-time 3D tracking technology, we create data models for live predictive analytics. This enables new types of fantasy sports games that are more engaging for fans—both in the stadium and at home. 
 
 We also create interactive AR experiences for fans that improve the engagement with teams and players. These experiences can be personalized and easily integrate with social media. 
 
With unprecedented access to sporting events, we aim to partner with sports leagues around the world to implement this technology. With hands-on R&D at live events, we are developing edge hardware that streams to our cloud-based ML systems. 
 
Our Values: 
 
 Work hard, have fun, dream big: we want to change the way sports is consumed. 
 Best idea wins: the team uses the best idea regardless of seniority. 
 Thirst for knowledge and improvement: never stop learning and finding better ways to solve problems. 
 Be a self-aware team player: recognize your role in the team to achieve our goals and help others. 
 Teams are organized according to scrum/agile principles: engineers are given a chance to focus on the task at hand without undue distraction. 
 Weekly sprints: we make small, achievable goals and strive to complete them. 
 
 Role: 
 
 Build out our ML data pipeline. 
 Study and transform data science prototypes. 
 Design machine learning systems. 
 Implement working models based on published papers. 
 Research and implement appropriate ML algorithms and tools. 
 Run machine learning tests and experiments. 
 Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results. 
 Train and retrain systems when necessary. 
 Extend existing ML libraries and frameworks. 
 Coordinate a team image labelers. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 You are passionate about sports data. 
 Experience with data science languages such as Python and R. 
 Deep knowledge of math, probability, statistics and algorithms. 
 Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn). 
 Ability to take existing models and convert them to other frameworks, such as PyTorch to CoreML, Tensorflow, or ONNX. 
 Deep knowledge of neural nets and when to use each, i.e. MLPs, CNNs, and RNNs. 
 Familiarity with cloud infrastructure providers such as AWS, Azure, or GCP. 
 Familiarity with video codes such as H.264 and HEVC (H.265). 
 
 Perks: 
 
 GENEROUS VACATION: Flexible PTO, mandatory 2-week minimum. 
 HEALTH/WELLNESS: Reimbursements up to $200 per month. 
 TRAVEL: We work in sports stadiums around the country, and will sometimes travel to events. 
 FLEXIBLE HOURS: Productivity is more important than working a certain set of hours. 
 HEALTH INSURANCE: Full medical, dental, and vision. 
 401(K) CONTRIBUTION: 401(k) plan with up to 4% matching. 
 WORKSHOPS/CONFERENCES: We will reimburse expenses for one technical conference each year. 
 
 Tempus Ex Machina, Inc provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Tempus Ex Machina complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Pursuant to applicable laws, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. And if you believe that you will need any type of accommodation, please let us know. Tempus Ex 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Tempus Ex in Atlanta, GA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tempus Ex Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
