
 
 
 
 Small Business Liaison Officer (SBLO) - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Small Business Liaison Officer (SBLO) NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Remote Remote NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies. NCI's AI solution, Shai(tm), scales humans with artificial intelligence by empowering the workforce to meet their mission by using best in class AI solutions coupled with our exceptional service offerings. Working with strategic partners, NCI is committed to bringing commercial innovation to missions of national importance. NCI is a mid-tier systems integrator headquartered in Reston, VA, and operates at locations across the globe. 
NCI has been designated a 2020 Military Friendly Employer by MilitaryFriendly.com 
 
Responsibilities:
 
NCI: The Small Business Liaison Officer (SBLO)  will be responsible for NCI's small business program. Position can be worked remotely or from our Reston, Va. office. 
Responsibilities: 
Writes small business subcontracting and participation plans for inclusion in proposals 
Administers NCI's small business subcontracting and participation plans 
Prepares and submits ISR/SSR and other small business reports 
Represents NCI during small business audits/reviews 
Administers NCI's vendor rating program 
Will have other Procurement related responsibilities that may include material purchasing, subcontract labor purchasing, CPSR audit prep 
Other duties as assigned 
Qualifications:
 
Requirements: 
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent related experience 
2 - 7 Years experience as a Small Business Liaison Officer or equivalent, to include writing small business subcontracting and participation plans 
Preferred Education and Experience: 
Experience as a Buyer or Subcontracts Administrator supporting a government approved purchasing system 
Physical Requirements: 
This position requires the ability to perform the below essential functions: 
Sitting for long periods 
Standing for long periods 
Ambulate throughout an office 
Ambulate between several buildings 
It is the policy of NCI to provide equal opportunity in recruiting, hiring, training, and promoting individuals in all job categories without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected class or category as may be defined by federal, state, or local laws or regulations. In addition, we affirm that all compensation, benefits, company-sponsored training, educational assistance, social, and recreational programs are administered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. It is our firm intent to support equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in keeping with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. NCI is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. NCI Information Systems Inc. 22 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Liaison jobs in Remote Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Remote Liaison salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 404 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
