
 
 
 
 Research Staff Scientist - Self Driving Laboratories Workflows - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Staff Scientist - Self Driving Laboratories Workflows Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Chicago, IL Full-time Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Data Science and Learning (DSL) division at Argonne National Laboratory invites applications for research scientists for developing software and services to support scalable workflows on large scale systems. Research in many scientific domains is becoming increasingly automated through robotic instrumentation and integrations with cloud-lab platforms and software run on HPC systems. Our group is particularly interested in exploiting these high-throughput capabilities to expand how researchers interact with large scale systems such as supercomputers and cutting edge machines for machine learning - including for projects aiming to implement end-to-end pipelines that run autonomously combining the use of robotics and AI-enabled infrastructure.
 The researcher will build scalable workflows to automate new and existing scientific experiments, with emphasis on the beamlines hosted at the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne. Those experiments, their infrastructure and software should be integrated with computing systems at the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility and other LCFs, and current and next generation computing resources.
 Further, the workflows built should be expanded to include the incorporation of AI models at key decision points and robotic platforms to minimize the need of humans on the experiments. This opportunity will involve close collaborations with researchers from several areas including x-ray sciences, biology, computer science and engineering at the University of Chicago along with other national laboratories including Brookhaven, Livermore, and Berkeley. 
 
In this role, we seek a team player with a history of collaborating across diverse scientific teams and with a keen eye for detail and problem-solving skills. The researcher should also have experience in using HPC systems and the associated software in addition to popular coding languages (e.g., Python, C, and C++). The goal will be to build efficient software and systems that serve the scientific community enabling the use of Argonne (and other national laboratories) providing key resources to enable researchers to dramatically accelerate their scientific research.
 It is preferred that the researcher have previous experience with the research conducted at experimental facilities and scientific experimentation.
 Responsibilities
 The successful candidate will be an integral part of a multi-institutional research project that is integrating different facilities (experimental, computational, storage) with automation and artificial intelligence to create workflows for accelerated and automated research. This position will be responsible for formulating and executing research directions with the project in support of the overall project objectives. As part of a multi-institutional project, the successful candidate will collaborate with some of the leading scientists across the Department of Energy National Laboratory complex.
 Education and Experience Requirements
 Required qualifications:
 Comprehensive experience programming in one or more programming languages, such as C, C++, and Python
 Software development practices and techniques for computational and data-intensive science problems.
 Publication and presentation track record that demonstrates significant contributions to the scientific community.
 Consistent history of contributing to or leading the development of research proposals.
 Exceptional communication skills, ability to communicate effectively with internal and external collaborators and ability to work in a team environment.
 Ability to model Argonne’s Core Values: Impact, Safety, Respect, Integrity, and Teamwork
 This role can be hired at one of two levels, and the requirements are as follows:
 RD2:  Bachelor’s and 5 years of experience, or Master’s and 3 years, or recent or soon-to-be completed PhD
 RD3:  Bachelor's degree and 8 years of experience, or a Masters and 5 years of experience, or a PhD and 4 years of experience
 Desired Qualifications:
 Proven experience as a Software Developer, Software Engineer or similar role
 Experience with software design and development in a test-driven environment
 Experience with machine orchestration methods and serverless/edge computing.
 Experience with high-performance computing
 Experience with robotic platforms (e.g., ROS, Universal Robotics, Hudson Robotics).
 Experience in applied machine learning (e.g., successful projects that used ML to solve scientific problems).
 Excellent communication skills and provide project leadership.
 Ability to learn new languages and technologies
 Resourcefulness, troubleshooting aptitude and attention to detail
 Experience running codes at the Department of Energy’s leadership computing facilities or at the National Science Foundation’s high-performance computing centers
 Degree in in a computer science, physical sciences or engineering or related field
 Job Family
 Research Development (RD)
 Job Profile
 Computational Science 2
 Worker Type
 Regular
 Time Type
 Full time
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment. Argonne National Laboratory 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Chicago, IL Research Scientist salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
