
 
 
 
 AI Technician - Wisconsin - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Technician Alta Genetics 21 reviews Wisconsin Alta Genetics 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Company 
 Alta Genetics is a global livestock genetic improvement and reproduction company with global teams working with major cow populations all over the world. We are dedicated in developing long-term partnerships with leading progressive dairy and beef producers by applying superior knowledge and expertise to drive herd profitability. 
 Our team passionately pursues our mission to create value, build trust and deliver results for each other and our progressive partners around the world. Alta is a subsidiary of the URUS Group. 
   The Opportunity 
 The Animal Breeder reports directly to our local Team Leader, and works as a key member of our Alta Genetics USA Tech Services Inc. company. In this role, the Breeder is responsible to provide heat detection and insemination service to assigned customers. 
 
 Primary Responsibilities 
 Develop, implement, and oversee effective animal breeding, reproduction, and related animal health programs. 
 Evaluate clients’ animal reproduction needs through established professional animal reproduction protocols such as animal servicing, artificial insemination, and heat synchronization, among others. 
 Improve the genetic composition and reproductive health of dairy animals. 
 Effectively implement and ensure compliance with the policies, programs and directive of Alta Genetics. 
 Accurately follow on-farm procedures as designated by each individual technician. 
 Provide for the safe, efficient and successful insemination of customer herds. 
 Cooperate with farm management and other farm advisors (Vet, Nutritionist, etc.) to integrate Alta Genetics service offering into total farm management plan. 
 Help locate, train and develop competent relief help. 
 Provide accurate and timely reports to the Alta Genetics Technician Team Leader when specifically requested. 
 Provide timely response to requests for information. 
 Create and maintain effective workingrelationships with internal and external customers via professional and respectful interaction. 
 Continuously advance your skills and display a willingness to accept ongoing development activities. 
 Observe and follow all company health and safety policies and procedures. 
 
 Skills and Qualifications 
 University degree in Veterinary and/or Zootechnical Medicine. 
 Extensive coursework of direct relevance to the above position including Genetics, Genetic Improvement, Bovine Clinic, Bovine Milk Production, and other key professional courses. 
 Prior professional experience in the animal health and breeding fields. 
 Dynamic personality. 
 Close attention to detail Alta Genetics 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technician jobs in Wisconsin Jobs at Alta Genetics in Wisconsin Technician salaries in Wisconsin Company Info Follow Get job updates from Alta Genetics Alta Genetics 21 reviews Alta Genetics is a global dairy and beef genetics company with history going back nearly 100 years. We build long-term relationships by c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
