
 
 
 
 Business Development Director - Public Sector - LATAM - Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Director - Public Sector - LATAM Microsoft 7,267 reviews Fort Lauderdale, FL 33309 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Microsoft we have a clear and simple mission – To empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. The chance to do that, at scale, is nowhere greater than in the Worldwide Public Sector team where we are dedicated to empowering citizens, societies, and governments around the world. WWPS encompasses government both at the national level and local level, defense and intelligence and education. 
 Global Market Development (GMD) - Regional Business Leader 
Overview:
 Are you passionate about accelerating impact with governments to support citizens and the digital transformation of countries around the world? In what is one of the most important and strategic ambitions of Microsoft, we are looking for a leader to drive our engagement with Governments throughout a region, at all levels of government. 
This is a senior role responsible for supporting our public sector business in the assigned multi-country region by shaping customers’ thinking about Microsoft’s platform, namely its cloud vision, requirements & adoption. You will report into the Global Market Development Vice President of Microsoft’s Worldwide Public Sector (WWPS). 
You will be building market development capabilities in support with regional & local Public Sector teams, focusing on identifying & winning early-stage opportunities through evangelization, policy shaping & relationship building with key decision makers 
Leveraging deep industry and sales expertise, the GMD Regional Business Leader will direct and lead the GMD key initiatives in the field and will influence marketsthrough industry events, policy forums, Think Tanks, etc. 
Working closely with corporate as well as teams in key subsidiaries of the LATAM time zone (incl. Brazil, Chile, Mexico) this leader will engage deeply to build trusted relationships with our most important accounts and deliver thought leadership to the sector. 
We are looking for someone with a tenacious passion and strong knowledge of Public Sector, combined with business development background and robust network of Public Sector stakeholders in the assigned region. 
Responsibilities 
Key responsibilities include: 
Represent Market Development in the region for Public Sector across a set of technologies (not limited but incl. Local Datacenters, 5G, others) with a focus on incremental Azure consumption. 
Responsibilities 
Champion and execute WWPS market shaping initiatives within the Region, working collaboratively with WWPS Capture Leads, vertical WWPS Regional Business Leads and field, through early engagements to shape opportunities and influence procurement 
Lead Local Datacenter acceleration strategies in the region (incl. bootstrapping the eco-system around Local Datacenters with ISV, SI partners, influencers, regulators, advisors) 
Become an acknowledged, leading influencer in the Government industry of the region with social media and events presence, elevating Microsoft’s image and thought leadership 
Actively represent the company’s viewpoints on Digital Transformation, Trusted Computing & AI, 5G at key regional industry events based on your product group engagement 
Assess and improve the subsidiary teams’ industry acumen through direct engagement and coaching to enable a more industry aligned approach across the buying scenarios 
Coach, guide and support local PS teams to identify and nurture future opportunities at early stages (well in advance of public tenders) incl. playbook publication and drive select customer engagements 
Coach and drive regional compete opportunities; triage, approve and escalate top deals, and provide executive sponsorship of key strategic accounts based on your customer insights 
Provide critical insights to Microsoft HQ in order to shape product offerings and policies as well as other aspects of Microsoft Solutions for the Public Sector 
Qualifications 
Qualifications 
15+ years working experience in senior sales roles, including sales leadership with Government experience. 
Extensive knowledge of the Government industries across State, Local, Regional, Federal/National, ideally in more than one country 
Experience managing against, and exceeding sales targets, driving pipeline, and developing transformation plans for customers 
Experience in people leadership roles with proven examples of coaching teams to reach success, even without direct reporting lines 
Exceptional presentation skills and storytelling capability to deliver keynotes with large audiences. 
Demonstrable experience collaborating and influencing across multiple stakeholder groups. Ability to work successfully across a complex, highly matrixed environment. 
Outstanding interpersonal skills, innovation, and the ability to motivate, inspire, and lead cross group/functional teams with a high degree of independence and success 
Excellent communication skills in English, Spanish is strongly desired. 
Ability to deal with ambiguity, navigate uncertain situations, and drive for clarity 
Ability to build strong partnerships across organizational lines 
MBA preferred but not required. 
Good understanding of the Microsoft Platform Offeringm namely in our 3 Clouds. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Business Development jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FL Jobs at Microsoft in Fort Lauderdale, FL Director of Business Development salaries in Fort Lauderdale, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
