
 
 
 
 Senior Clinical Data Manager (Remote) - Los Altos, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Clinical Data Manager (Remote) Actalent Los Altos, CA Remote $120,000 - $160,000 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $120,000 - $160,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description: 
The Senior Clinical Data Manager manages all aspects of clinical data 
management for assigned project(s). This includes CRF/eCRF design, database 
development, validation programming, discrepancy management, database 
release, extraction and graphical representation of safety data during study 
conduct, review of data before database lock, review of CSRs. This position will 
work with Clinical Operations, project teams, CROs and other service providers to 
assure quality within the data management life cycle. 
Skills: 
Data management, CDISC, Data analysis 
Top Skills Details: 
clinical data management experience, comfortable reading protocols, CDISC, Data Management processes 
Additional Skills & Qualifications: 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: Demonstrated ability to work on complex technical problems providing 
innovative solutions. Exercises good judgment within broadly defined 
practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation 
criteria for data processing that leads to high quality results. Directs the development, management, and execution of the study Data 
Management Plan (DMP) which includes the data collection strategy and 
User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Case Report Form (CRF) design, CRF 
completion guidelines, SAS annotated CRFs, data entry review guidelines, 
edit check specifications, data transfer specifications, and database audit 
plans, as well as other aspects of data collection and management in the 
context of clinical development. Participates in review of clinical protocols and amendments and uses 
knowledge of protocol to coordinate the design and testing of data 
capture systems. Leads review teams to review data quality reports. Generates, resolves, 
and tracks data queries to ensure the integrity of the clinical data with 
respect to data guidelines and protocol specifications. Identifies and 
resolves data management issues, in coordination with other 
departments and contract data management groups, as appropriate. 
Directs the interaction with any contract data management groups to 
ensure that data management tasks remain on target according to project 
timelines and budget. Uses the appropriate software to coordinate completion of various duties, 
including data transfers and quality reviews of the database, database 
lock and release, archival of data management documentation and files, 
and coordination of coding for the adverse event and medication 
dictionaries. 
About Company: 
Small Biotech company developing a new generation of biomarker-based diagnostic tests and personalized treatments for use in mental health, based on a platform built from data aggregated at scale and proprietary artificial intelligence analysis tools. The team combines world-leading neuroscientists and business executives with experience commercializing products for the brain. 
#LI-NB1 
 About Actalent: 
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. Actalent 9 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Manager jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Actalent in Los Altos, CA Senior Data Manager salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Actalent Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the e... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
