
 
 
 
 Quality Assurance Engineer - Culver City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quality Assurance Engineer Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Culver City, CA Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 4+ year of experience working as a Quality Assurance Engineer 
 Experience in manual testing 
 Experience in automation testing 
 Bachelor's Degree 
 
Do you want to join Amazon Studios AI team – the team that is at the forefront of inventing new visual media technologies to provide incredible experiences to audiences around the world? Do you want to partner in building cutting-edge AI applications that most people cannot yet imagine?
 
If your answers to these questions are “yes”, then come and join us at Amazon Studios AI, that is leveraging the latest breakthroughs in artificial intelligence to create a new way of watching video content. We expect our solution to disrupt the media and entertainment industry and delight audiences around the world. We are looking for talented and ambitious teammates who will Think Big with us. If you have a passion for groundbreaking technology, please join us and be part of this exciting, newly funded and fast-growing project.
 
On our team, you will work closely with other engineers, scientists, product managers and others throughout the development and testing lifecycle, including requirements gathering and designing. You will be expected to:
 
 Lead the testing of state-of-the-art solutions for media content, create test plans, test cases and drive continous improvements to the quality assurance process using industry/in-house tools, continous integration/development concepts. 
 Design and build automated test cases for video features using in-house test automation frameworks. 
 Work closely with other engineers, scientists, product managers and others thorughout the development and testing lifecycle, including requirements gathering and desing. 
 Consult with and advise project management and development teams on technical issues relating to planning, developing, implementing, and modifying testing procedures. 
 Experience and knowledge of video development (e.g., media container, codec formats, streaming protocols, encoding tools) 
 Experience in testing significant modules for complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers 
 Knowledge of professional software testing practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations 
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs, and product strategy 
 Experience quality assuring customer facing products and services 
 Experience in quality assuring machine learning solutions 
 Innate sense of ownership, urgency, and drive. 
 Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices. 
 Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment. 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role 
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Quality Assurance Engineer jobs in Culver City, CA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Culver City, CA Quality Assurance Engineer salaries in Culver City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 70,030 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
