
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Applied Scientist - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Applied Scientist PicnicHealth San Francisco, CA Temporarily remote Overview 
 
PicnicHealth is all about making medical records easy to access and using data to power the next frontier of medical research. We work directly with patients to give them the only tool anywhere that truly provides all of their medical records from any doctor or healthcare system in the US—in an easy-to-use, secure online dashboard. Patients can then choose to contribute their unique data to scientific research, which helps researchers accelerate breakthroughs in care for the diseases they care about. To date we've helped tens of thousands of patients, partnered with some of the world's largest biopharma companies, and raised more than $35M including from Felicis Ventures, Amplify Partners, and Y Combinator. Post Series B, we're growing quickly in revenue, partnerships, and people - it's an exciting time to join the PicnicHealth team! 
 
The Opportunity 
 
Machine learning is at the heart of our work extracting and structuring data from medical records in the real world. We ingest records in whatever format they exist - faxes, scans, printouts, generated from EHRs, handwritten notes, imaging reports, etc. - and convert them into validated, structured data. Structuring is just the starting point, and enables us to to build products that improve patient/doctor communication and care decisions, or develop the next generation of data-driven life-sciences studies. 
 
Our Machine Learning team's goal is to continually improve the efficiency of our human-in-the-loop pipeline for structuring medical records. To do this, we have an ambitious plan to substantially increase our ML capabilities. We are looking for Applied ML Scientists to help us succeed with this plan. 
 
Learn more about our Engineering Team and values here. 
 
As an ML Applied Scientist you will: 
 
 Scope, design, and build cutting-edge NLP models to structure messy, high-stakes medical text by drawing from the latest AI research literature 
 Collaborate with other ML scientists, engineers, and stakeholders company-wide to solve high-impact problems deployed within real-world workflows 
 Help expand a world-class ML team, shaping both technical direction and team composition as we scale 
 
 You are a great fit if you have: 
 
 Built custom models to solve real-world problems, drawing on a deep understanding of machine learning, wide-ranging experience with alternative approaches, and a desire to close the loop for the use case 
 
 Extensive experience with at least one deep learning framework (such as PyTorch or Tensorflow) 
 Strong software development fundamentals 
 An MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field 
 
 We expect all team members to be motivated to be amazing in their roles and, ultimately, to move the PicnicHealth mission forward. 
 
Ideally you: 
 
 Have 3+ years of experience in NLP and deep learning 
 Are not afraid to wrangle messy data 
 Are motivated by developing models that have business impact 
 Have lost sleep thinking about what interactions are expressible through the interaction of Query and Key values in a transformer 
 Care deeply about the inductive biases of the models you are exploring 
 
 Why join PicnicHealth? 
 
At PicnicHealth you get to solve real problems with real solutions, great tech, and great people. 
 
You also get: 
 
 Competitive salary 
 Comprehensive benefits including above market Health, Dental, Vision 
 Family friendly 
 Flexible time off 
 401k plan 
 Free PicnicHealth account 
 Equipment and internet funds for home office set up 
 
 Due to COVID-19, currently all roles are remote until at least until October 2021. Due to COVID-19, currently all roles are remote. As of October 2021, we will offer a hybrid set up: team members in the Bay Area will be able to work from the SF office on a flexible schedule; remote team members will be expected to travel to in-person meetings 4-6 times a year. 
 
Equal Opportunity Statement 
 
PicnicHealth is committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value a diverse and balanced team where everyone can belong. PicnicHealth 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at PicnicHealth in San Francisco, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PicnicHealth Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
