
 
 
 
 Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist SHL 29 reviews Remote Remote Full-time SHL 29 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Vacancy Name  Scientist 
 
Requisition No  VN789 
 
Time Type  Full Time 
 
Location  Remote-USA 
 
Additional Location 
 
Country  United States 
 
Job Description 
 SHL Job Description 
 Job Title  Scientist 
 
Reports To:  Sara Gutierrez, Science Director 
 
Job Family:  Science 
 
Job Area:  Psychometrics 
 
Grade:  6 
 
Purpose of the Job 
The Scientist is critical to the Science function within Team Digital. This role is sat in our Psychometrics practice area and is responsible for working on multiple deliverables while coordinating with various internal departments, external clients (potentially) and maintaining a high level of customer service and quality. Assignments will require the application of I/O best practices to tech-oriented, highly quantitative projects, focused on the development and evolution of new, leading edge assessments. processes, or applications. Working with complex and unstructured data sources will be central to the role. 
 
Principal Accountabilities
 Develop new and/or leverage the best applications of existing methodologies, processes, and standards for the development and enhancement of assessments, algorithms, and related products, tools, or applications. 
Write and revise technical documents to support assessments and related products. 
Serve as an internal subject matter expert either guiding or providing support to team members and other departments on specific projects.
 Conduct research in the areas of personnel selection and individual differences, psychometrics and research methods, machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence (AI), and related areas that directly contribute to new products and processes. 
Coordinate within and across teams, handle objections, and persuade others on complex projects. 
 
Essential Functions 
 Develop new assessments and AI-based solutions
 Utilizing core psychometric, machine learning, natural language processing (NLP) or other techniques 
Documenting the development process (e.g., technical manuals, fact sheets) 
Developing, testing, and validating new content 
 Data Management
 Collecting data
 Managing complex and/or unstructured data
 Navigating and querying relational databases (e.g., SQL) 
 Generate new algorithms, tools, or processes to evolve and enhance current products 
 Support other departments with relevant technical expertise 
 
Shared Responsibilities and Additional Duties 
 Assist team members with assignments and duties as needed. 
Attend group meetings to exchange ideas and provide status reports. 
Attend departmental and cross-departmental meetings. 
Answer questions and provide support to other departments. 
Remaining current on research trends in talent assessment and testing theory generally 
Perform other similar or related tasks as necessary. 
 
Competency Requirements 
 
Critical Competencies:
 Computer Skills 
 Decision Making/Judgment 
 Dependability
 Integrity/Ethics 
 Listening Skills 
 Personal Organization 
 Problem Solving/Analysis 
 Quality 
 Sense of Urgency 
Teamwork
 Technical Skills 
 
Core Competencies: 
Job Knowledge 
Productivity 
Adaptability/Flexibility 
Vision and Values 
Self-Development 
 TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE & SKILL REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Required when entering position:
 Expertise in statistical software R 
Proficiency in Visual Basic and/or Python 
Willingness and ability to learn new languages and statistical methods not taught in traditional I/O coursework 
Ability to observe patterns in data and foresee potential problems 
 
 Preferred when entering position: 
 Knowledge of data visualization, and large-scale data analysis techniques 
SQL is desired, but not required. 
 
EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Requirements: 
 Master’s degree in Industrial/Organizational Psychology, Psychometrics, or related field; Ph.D. preferred 
Experience with complex assessment product development 
Experience with machine learning and working unstructured data or complex data structures (e.g., text analysis, relational databases, noSQL database) 
 
 Preferred when entering position: 
 Experience in external and/or internal consulting 
Experience presenting information to large groups 
 
 
About Us 
SHL helps companies optimize performance and productivity through deep people insights. Our market-leading people analytics and technology equip leaders and their teams to make confident, data-driven talent decisions that lead to stronger business outcomes. 
 
We anticipate, and help organizations solve, their most pressing talent challenges. Our science and technology maximize the potential of people through data driven insights, an unmatched portfolio of products, engaging experiences built on science and global expert services. From Talent Acquisition through Talent Management we create diverse, agile, and innovative workforces across the globe. We need highly motivated people to join our dynamic global team. We’re driven by Strong Connections, Curiosity, Fearless Innovation, and Impact. 
 
 
What SHL can offer you 
A culture comprised of diverse, global teams who have a passion for collaboration and client service. 
A comprehensive benefits package. 
Support, coaching, and on-the-job development to achieve career success. 
The ability to engage, influence, and impact a broad array of the world’s leading executives. 
 
Our mission is to maximize people’s potential.
 
At SHL, we love what we do and the good it creates for our customers and our people, it’s our obsession. Our culture is inclusive; we embrace diverse perspectives and collaboration to drive forward innovation and growth. 
We build strong relationships based on honest conversations, ongoing feedback and a healthy dose of fun.
 
We challenge, inspire and develop each other, which empowers us to own our destiny and our careers. 
We support each other – always. If this is important to you, consider a career at SHL. 
 
SHL is an equal opportunity employer. SHL 25 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at SHL in Remote Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from SHL 29 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
