
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Gardena, CA 90248 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineer Kyocera Document Solutions Development America Inc. Gardena, CA 90248 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
TITLE : Engineer – Artificial Intelligence 
DIVISION : Kyocera Document Solutions Development 
DEPARTMENT : Hardware Engineering 
LOCATION : Gardena, California 
STATUS : Exempt 
POSITION REPORTS TO:  Department Manager –Hardware Engineering 
SUMMARY OF RESPONSIBILITY: 
This individual will be responsible for designing complex algorithm and imaging IP for rendering and image processing systems. As well as, developing Artificial Intelligence IP. 
 
Responsibilities:
 Develop Artificial Intelligence applications using Computer Vision, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing. 
Design/verify imaging sub-components and intellectual property. 
Coordinate with design, verification, and software engineers to complete assigned tasks. 
Write specification and test documents. 
Plan and perform design engineering research or design development assignments, including responsibility for design and or verification part of a major project. 
Translate product specifications into usable design engineering data applicable to the particular assignment. 
Perform engineering analysis and design of complex digital circuits or systems. 
Qualifications:
 MS EE/CS/Mathematics with 5+ or BS EE/CS/Mathematics with 8+ years of experience in related fields. 
Experience in Computer Vision, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing. 
Knowledge of Python, C, Matlab, and Java. 
Experience with GPU programming. 
Experience with AWS, GCP, and/or Azure cloud services. 
Candidates must have: 
Computer Vision, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing. 
Python, C, and Java languages. 
GPU, ARM, DSP, SIMD 
AWS, GCP, and/or Azur 
Essential Physical Functions: 
Occasional lifting of computer, monitor, or small printer no heavier than 40 pounds. 
Frequent sitting. 
Essential Mental Functions: 
Analytical skills, troubleshooting skills, verbal and written communications in English. 
This is a general description of the duties and responsibilities most frequently required of this position. The company may from time to time request that the incumbent perform other related tasks and assume reasonable responsibilities that have not been specifically included in this description. 
Who we are : 
Kyocera Document Solutions Inc. is one of the World's leading manufacturers of laser printers and document management systems. 
Kyocera Document Solutions Development America, Inc. (KDDA) is a subsidiary of Kyocera Document Solutions America, Inc. and is part of the global Kyocera Document Solutions Inc.'s software development team. With about 150 employees in Concord, CA and Gardena, CA we take advantage of the benefit of being part of a large, stable company while operating independently under Kyocera's unique Amoeba Management. 
Silicon Valley location: Our Silicon Valley location is a division of Kyocera's Document Solution Inc.'s Corporate Business Solutions Division. We develop innovative solutions in various technological sectors such as Document BPO, ECM, and Cloud Printing/Reporting. 
Los Angeles location: The Los Angeles location, a division of Kyocera's Document Solution Inc.'s Corporate R&D group, specialized in a range of award-winning multifunctional printing products. We develop innovative multifunctional printing and production printing controller software along with ASIC design and development. 
The perks: 
Kyocera Document Solutions Development America, Inc. offers a stimulating working environment, as well as a generous benefits package including medical, dental and vision plans, matching 401K contributions, flexible spending plan, disability and life insurance, plus Paid Time Off, company paid holidays and more. 
Our culture: 
Innovate today for a brighter tomorrow. Through continuous learning and deep commitment to constantly improve, we achieve business growth, personal growth and growth for society. We find new knowledge in every situation - learning never stops for us. The more we learn, the easier the potential for further growth. And the more we grow, the more confidence we have to always do better. Through this, we deliver solutions that not only suit our customers they help advance humanity as a whole. 
Our unique Amoeba Management allows you to experience the complexity of a large organization while aligning the flexibility and innovation of a small company. Your entrepreneurial spirit, technical prowess, integrity and teamwork will enlighten and drive the next generation products and solutions to our customers. 
Come see what we are all about! 
Kyocera Document Solutions Development America, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding nondiscrimination. Kyocera provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or protected veteran status. Qualified minorities, women, protected veterans and/or individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
Strictly no agencies please. Kyocera Document Solutions Development America Inc. 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Gardena, CA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Gardena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kyocera Document Solutions Development America Inc. Our Silicon Valley location is a division of Kyocera’s Business Workflow Solutions (BWS) group. The purpose of this division is to develo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
