
 
 
 
 Molecular Modeler - Cambridge, MA 02142 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Molecular Modeler Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Cambridge, MA 02142 Serqet Therapeutics is one of the latest companies founded through Flagship Pioneering's venture creation engine, where companies such as Moderna Therapeutics, Rubius Therapeutics, and Evelo Therapeutics were conceived and created. Since Flagship's founding in 2000, the firm has originated and fostered the development of nearly 100 scientific ventures resulting in $19+ billion in aggregate value, 500+ issued patents, and more than 50 clinical trials for novel therapeutic agents. Serqet therapeutics is integrating the latest developments in computational and experimental biology to discover novel therapeutics for a broad range of diseases. 
 
Serqet Therapeutics is seeking a capable and highly motivated Molecular Modeler to join our growing team. As the Molecular Modeler, you will be an essential part of an interdisciplinary team of highly creative and talented individuals responsible setting and delivering on computational and medicinal chemistry strategies to impact project success at all stages from drug target identification through to clinical candidate nomination. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Support all aspects of the company's molecular modeling efforts across therapeutic modalities, disease targets, and indications. 
 Develop, enhance, and apply new computational tools, methods, and workflows to design enzymes and other therapeutic proteins. 
 Enable solutions (databases, toolkits and methods) for internal use and implement cutting-edge published scientific methods. 
 Implementation of computational chemistry toolkits (e.g. MOE, MolSoft, OpenEye, Schrodinger) to run virtual screening campaigns to rapidly identify drug candidates for further development. 
 Prototype, implement, and benchmark machine learning algorithms models, and workflows for protein modeling and design. 
 Setup and maintain all necessary software packages to perform computational protein modeling and design tasks (e.g., Rosetta, Schrödinger, etc). 
 Collaborate with groups across the company to support research projects, including Protein Sciences, Data Science & AI, Molecular Biology, and multiple Therapeutic Areas. 
 Communicate findings internally and externally. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Ph.D. in Biochemistry, Bioengineering, Biophysics, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or related discipline and post-doctoral experience in academia or industry. 
 Deep scientific and technical expertise in state-of-the-art computational protein modeling and design methods, including stability/solubility design, protein-protein docking and interface design, humanization, antibody/homology modeling, synthetic biology circuit design, and combinatorial library design. 
 Technical proficiency with at least 1 macromolecular modeling suite. 
 Python programming skills and experience with libraries like Pandas and Biopython. 
 Comfort with high performance computing in a distributed/cloud environment, e.g. AWS. 
 Curiosity, eagerness, independence, and willingness to learn and to tackle abstract problems. 
 Ability to operate in a rapidly changing environment and make actionable conclusions from incomplete data. 
 Creative problem solving skills and ability to draw conclusions from complex datasets. 
 Strong written and oral communication skills. 
 
 This position will report to the Senior Vice President of Drug Discovery and will be responsible for driving medicinal chemistry efforts in a fast-paced small molecule discovery research team. The successful candidate will utilize their scientific and organizational leadership to advance small molecule drugs. 
 
 Flagship Pioneering and our ecosystem companies are  committed to equal employment opportunity  regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. 
 
 Recruitment & Staffing Agencies : Flagship Pioneering and its affiliated Flagship Lab companies (collectively, "FSP") do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to FSP or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Flagship Pioneering's internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of FSP, and FSP will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto. Flagship Pioneering, Inc. 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Flagship Pioneering in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
