
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Commercial and Medical Affairs - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist - Commercial and Medical Affairs Moderna 51 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time Moderna 51 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Role:
 Moderna is seeking a motivated and talented Data Scientist, ideally with a background in public health and/or medical affairs, to join our Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (DSAI) team. As part of the company’s mission to “ Build The Digital Biotech Company ”, we see a central role for DSAI in understanding the impact of our mRNA therapeutics in patients’ lives. As a key collaborator with our rapidly growing Medical Affairs and Commercial business functions, this role will contribute directly towards research as well as development of transformative digital solutions. We are looking for someone who is deeply curious, exhibits an excellent work ethic, and has a desire to bring novel mRNA therapeutics and vaccines to the market that will improve the lives of patients.
 Here’s What You’ll Do:
 Collaborate with and serve as a technical resource to Moderna’s Medical Affairs, Epidemiology, Health Economics and Outcomes Research (HEOR), Pharmacovigilance and Commercial teams on a broad range of projects, e.g., modeling disease risk factors, global safety forecasting, sales forecasting across therapeutic areas, and analyzing health and economic impacts in communities around the world.
 Support a wide variety of real-world evidence studies across our therapeutic modalities via data analysis and visualization, statistical modeling, and machine learning approaches.
 Engage internal and external stakeholders to align project goals throughout each project.
 Design and optimize model pipelines and data analyses, leveraging all relevant in-house and publicly available datasets.
 Employ data science and software engineering best practices throughout each project’s life cycle.
 Deliver key findings and recommendations to internal and external stakeholders with diverse backgrounds.
 Collaborate with other data scientists, data engineers, and internal partners within the company’s Digital organization.
 Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
 Ph.D. in Computer Science, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, or other quantitative STEM (natural/social sciences, technology, engineering, and mathematics) field (new graduates are welcome to apply)
 Working knowledge of machine learning techniques and familiarity with the data science life cycle, including project definition, data mining, model deployment and maintenance
 Outstanding communication skills (verbal and written)
 Proficiency in Python, especially the data scientific stack (Jupyter/Pandas/scikit-learn)
 Experience (academic or industry) in collecting, cleaning, and analyzing large and/or unstructured datasets
 A growth and strategic mindset to support our strategy-driven teams
 (Preferred) Past machine learning experience applied to health economics, epidemiology (e.g., SEIR models), medical data, or/and similar challenges, in either an academic or industry setting
 (Preferred) Past experience with forecasting and natural language processing (NLP) methodologies
 (Preferred) Familiarity with best practices in software development, including Amazon Web Services, Docker, version control (Git), and documentation
 Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
 On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
 Company-provided iPhone
 Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
 Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
 Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
 Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
 16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
 16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
 20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
 Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
 Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
 401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
 A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
 Voluntary legal assistance plan
 15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
 About Moderna:
 In 10 years since its inception, Moderna has transformed from a science research-stage company advancing programs in the promising-but-still-unproven field of messenger RNA (mRNA), to an enterprise with its first medicine having treated millions of people, a diverse clinical portfolio of vaccines and therapeutics across six modalities, a broad intellectual property portfolio in areas including mRNA and lipid nanoparticle formulation, and an integrated manufacturing plant that allows for both clinical and commercial production at scale and at unprecedented speed. Moderna maintains alliances with a broad range of domestic and overseas government and commercial collaborators, which has allowed for the pursuit of both groundbreaking science and rapid scaling of manufacturing. Most recently, Moderna’s capabilities have come together to allow the authorized use of one of the earliest and most-effective vaccines against the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Moderna’s mRNA platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, and has allowed the development of therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases and auto-immune diseases. Today, 24 development programs are underway across these therapeutic areas, with 13 programs having entered the clinic. Moderna has been named a top biopharmaceutical employer by Science for the past six years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com .
 Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.
 Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 Moderna, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Moderna in Cambridge, MA Data Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Moderna Moderna 51 reviews Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are desi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
