
 
 
 
 Senior Information Specialist - Hawaii - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Information Specialist The Queen's Medical Center 68 reviews Hawaii Full-time The Queen's Medical Center 68 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Responsibilities 
 
 
 I. JOB SUMMARY/RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Leads the planning and development of multiple, diverse, information systems and services. Consults, analyzes, plans, designs, recommends, reviews, programs, tests and monitors services related to the development, implementation, utilization and financial impact of end user products, utilities, services, application and operating systems. Participates in information system planning with assigned areas, both short and long term: reviews technical advancements applying cost and technical considerations; business consultant in setting priorities and recommending technical directions based on programs, systems, services, resources and available technology. 
 
II. TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: 
Continuous: seeing, speaking; repetitive arm/hand motions. Frequent: standing, sitting, walking, finger dexterity, hearing. Occasional: stooping/bending; lifting and carrying usual amount of 12 pounds; reaching above shoulder level. Operates computer equipment and copying machines. 
 
III. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Not substantially subjected to adverse environmental conditions. 
 
IV. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
A. Education/Certification and Licensure: 
1. Bachelor's degree in Information sciences/Computer Science or related field or equivalent in work experience. 
2. Knowledge of computer technology as related to telecommunications, mainframes, microcomputers, networks, required. 
3. Training or experience in advanced analysis and design techniques. 
4. Comprehensive understanding in multiple areas of hospital systems, including business information systems and technological aspects that affect the hospital. 
 
B. Experience: 
1. Ten (10) years experience in information systems, specifically in three (3) or more of the following areas: applications design, selection, implementation and support, on line transaction processing systems, systems integration, systems software, performance evaluation and tuning, automated systems and operations, artificial intelligence, expert systems, and design, implementation, tuning and support. 
2. Three (3) years experience in systems integration. 
3. Three (3) years experience in hospital financial and clinical applications. 
4. Five (5) years experience in project management. 
5. Experience in systems networking preferred. The Queen's Medical Center 7 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Information Specialist jobs in Hawaii Jobs at The Queen's Medical Center in Hawaii Senior Information Specialist salaries in Hawaii Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Queen's Medical Center 68 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
