
 
 
 
 Warehouse Packer - Phoenix, AZ 85043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Warehouse Packer The RealReal 194 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85043 The RealReal 194 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company As a Warehouse Technician, you will be responsible for shipping and fulfillment practices for a luxury ecommerce distribution facility. The job duties will support the direct to consumer pick, pack, and ship functions. The Warehouse Technician will be required to comply with safe handling and care practices of luxury items. Material handling equipment and bar code collection devices may be used to perform daily functions. Must be able to work early mornings and some weekends. 
 
What You Get To Do Every Day 
 
 Direct to consumer order fulfillment 
 Performs the pick, pack, ship functions while maintaining KPM's 
 Safely handling and care of luxury fashions items 
 Pack shipments securely, following required specifications 
 Conduct quality inspections on packaging and documentation 
 Responsible for processing all parcel shipments with the designated carrier; FedEx/UPS/USPS 
 Sort and perform put away and restock functions in an organized fashion 
 Maintain shipping supplies and organize inventory 
 General warehousing practices; safety and organization, housekeeping and trash removal, etc. 
 Other responsibilities as designated by the team leader or Warehouse Supervisor 
 
 What You Bring To The Role 
 
 High School or G.E.D. appreciated 
 2-3 years' experience working in a warehouse environment preferred 
 Basic computer skills a must 
 Accuracy and attention to detail is important 
 Must be punctual and available to work overtime as needed 
 Must be able to lift heavy boxes up to 50 lbs. and stand for extended periods of time 
 
 The RealReal is the world's largest online marketplace for authenticated, resale luxury goods, with more than 20 million members. With a rigorous authentication process overseen by experts, The RealReal provides a safe and reliable platform for consumers to buy and sell their luxury items. We have hundreds of in-house gemologists, horologists and brand authenticators who inspect thousands of items each day. As a sustainable company, we give new life to pieces by thousands of brands across numerous categories—including women's and men's fashion, fine jewelry and watches, art and home—in support of the circular economy. We make selling effortless with free virtual appointments, in-home pickup, drop-off and direct shipping. We do all of the work for consignors, including authenticating, using AI and machine learning to determine optimal pricing, photographing and listing their items, as well as handling shipping and customer service. At our 13 retail locations, including our eight shoppable stores, customers can sell, meet with our experts and receive free valuations. 
 
The RealReal is committed to providing an equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or expression, or Veteran status. We will consider qualified applicants for a position regardless of arrest or conviction records, consistent with legal requirements. 
 
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. GHR3637 
 
#LI-CJ21 The RealReal 16 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Packer jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at The RealReal in Phoenix, AZ Packer salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from The RealReal The RealReal 194 reviews ABOUT THE REALREAL  
The RealReal is the world’s largest online marketplace for authenticated, consigned luxury goods. With 100+ experts... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
