
 
 
 
 Product Manager, People Products - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager, People Products Facebook 631 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The People Product Team's mission is to build products that accelerate the growth of everyone's career. Nearly 50,000 people work at Facebook, and we’re hyper focused on ensuring they have the best careers in the world by supporting them every step of the way — from the minute they sign their offer letter through every new skill acquired, promotion, or new role. In order to stay one of the best places in the world to work, we’re constantly reinventing how we support people in the workplace. We’re not just disrupting how the world connects with one another, but what it means for an employee to be deeply supported by its employer.As Facebook grows, we’re looking for Product Managers who are passionate about ensuring the products that support the builders of Facebook scale along with it. In this role, you will build highly leveraged products for Facebook's employees, answering such questions as, “How might I use AI to help someone find the perfect job for them?”. 
Lead the ideation, technical development, and launch of innovative products 
Establish shared vision across the company by building consensus on priorities leading to product execution 
Drive product development with a team of world-class engineers and designers 
Integrate usability studies, research and market analysis into product requirements to enhance user satisfaction 
Define and analyze metrics that inform the success of products 
Maximize efficiency in a constantly evolving environment where the process is fluid and creative solutions are the norm 
5+ years experience in building software products as a product manager or product owner 
Experience as a product manager working with different sets of clients 
Experience using data to solve business problems 
Experience leading through influence 
Communication and presentation experience 
Experience building consumer or enterprise software 
BA/BS/MS 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 29 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Product Manager salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
