
 
 
 
 Senior Manager Data Analytics – Consumer Data Science & Corporate Functions - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager Data Analytics – Consumer Data Science & Corporate Functions McDonald's Corporate 201,697 reviews Chicago, IL Temporarily remote McDonald's Corporate 201,697 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Refer A Friend 
 Company Description 
McDonald’s new growth strategy, Accelerating the Arches, encompasses all aspects of our business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand. As the consumer landscape shifts we are using our competitive advantages to further strengthen our brand. One of our core growth strategies is to Double Down on the 3Ds (Delivery, Digital and Drive Thru). McDonald’s will accelerate technology innovation so 65M+ customers a day will experience a fast, easy experience, whether at one of our 25,000 and growing Drive Thrus, through McDelivery, dine-in or takeaway. 
Job Description 
We are in search of a talented Analytics professional to join our growing Data Science and Analytics organization. This role will be critical in helping modernize McDonald’s marketing, personalization, digital and corporate functions. 
This dynamic individual will lead a small team of data scientists and data engineers and UX designers to deploy applied AI solutions into McDonald’s systems. This role will interact with both the central corporate headquarters as well as the various regional and global offices impacting all 118 countries. 
We are looking for an experienced leader with a strong data science background and experience working with hardware and software teams to deploy AI solutions into corporate systems, across large, global markets, hands-on MLOps experienced is preferred. This will help the regions to drive and improve business results through data driven strategies, optimization, and automation. 
In this role you will: 
Display Leadership/Team Orientation - Work collaboratively to achieve organization’s success. Effectively uses position and interpersonal skills, mobilizes and inspires others to take action (situational leadership). Willing and able to lead beyond area of expertise. Manage/Coordinate work of direct reports, including talent development and performance management. 
Coordinate with stakeholders within a specific business domain on use cases, including collaboration with IT and other corporate functions, markets and business groups. Achieve stretch results. Strong bias for action with sense of urgency and high energy. Practice collaborative working environment to achieve more. 
Hold self and others to high standards, Strive to stay ahead of technical/professional expertise, is proactive and inspires others to stay current in areas of technical expertise. Perform code reviews, research, technical problem solving, solution architecture. 
Business Management – Demonstrate sound business principles and planning processes and defines and measures results. Administrative, budgeting, etc. 
Serve as a champion for data and analytics, enabling our teams to see the power of their story through data and providing the mentorship and support for each global team. 
Maintain a focus on storytelling - understanding how data analytics can both tell, inform and drive improvement into the McDonald’s story. 
Collaborate cross-functionally with every department and region in need of data driven analytics. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Math, Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or similar technical fields 
Master’s degree in Data Science, Math or Data Analytics preferred but not required 
Technical knowledge in the analytics space and management of advanced analytics talent 
Experience managing technical teams, preferably in Artifical Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Science, and Analytics 
Experience in developing and deploying solutions at the edge and integrating with legacy systems, including hands-on MLOps experience 
Previous corporate or consulting experience in managing analytical projects in large cross-functional organizations such as retail, restaurant or food service, CPG, financial services, etc. 
Strong understanding of data warehousing principles and big data architecture; prior experience in partnering with IT to drive large data management initiatives 
Proficiency with data science tools like Databricks, MLFlow, Sagemaker, Alteryx, Microstrategy and understanding of languages like R, Python and SQL 
Background in managing and/or working with real-time, streaming data sources 
Experience optimizing inference solutions for environments with limited compute power 
Experience with varied data environments and data storytelling 
Experience with visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Power BI 
Experience with regression and other supervised and unsupervised Machine Learning modeling techniques, with the ability to explain these complex principles in simple understandable language 
Experience in natural language processing, voice recognition, and RPA automation highly preferred 
Must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccination by date of hire to be considered. Proof of vaccination required. 
Additional Information 
McDonald’s is proud to be one of the most recognized brands in the world, with restaurants in over 100 countries that serve 70 million customers daily. As the global leader in the food service industry, our legacy of innovation and hard work continues to drive us. 
From drive thru updates to delivery to mobile order and pay, we are innovating quickly and growing. Joining McDonald's means thinking big and preparing for a career that can have influence around the world. 
At McDonald’s, we see every day as a chance to create positive impact. We lead through our values centered on inclusivity, service, integrity, community and family. From support of Ronald McDonald House Charities to our Youth Opportunity project and sustainability initiatives, our values keep us dedicated to using our scale for good: good for our customers, people, industry and planet. We also offer outstanding benefits including a sabbatical program, tuition assistance and flexible work arrangements. 
While most of us are working remote during COVID-19, we're excited to get back to our state-of-the-art headquarters in the booming West Loop of downtown Chicago! It's set up to be a global hub that cultivates collaboration: 
Take a class at Hamburger University 
Sample future items in our Test Kitchen 
Utilize the latest technology to connect with your team around the globe 
We are an equal opportunity employer committed to the diversity of our crew members, staff, operators, and suppliers. We promote an inclusive work environment that creates feel-good moments for everyone. We are interested in people who enhance our company culture: Does this role interest you? We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet every single requirement! 
McDonald’s is committed to providing qualified individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Additionally, if you (or another applicant of whom you are aware) require assistance accessing or reading this job posting or otherwise seek assistance in the application process, please contact recruiting.supportteam@us.mcd.com 
McDonald’s provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), race, color, religion, ancestry or national origin, age, disability status, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, protected military or veteran status, citizenship status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
Nothing in this job posting or description should be construed as an offer or guarantee of employment. McDonald's Corporate 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at McDonald's Corporate in Chicago, IL Data Scientist salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from McDonald's Corporate McDonald's Corporate 201,697 reviews McDonald’s is proud to be one of the most recognized brands in the world, with restaurants in over 100 countries and billions of customer... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
