
 
 
 
 NLP Scientist - Redwood City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NLP Scientist Tempus 19 reviews Redwood City, CA Tempus 19 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Passionate about precision medicine and advancing the healthcare industry? 
 
Recent advancements in underlying technology have finally made it possible for AI to impact clinical care in a meaningful way. Tempus' platform connects an entire ecosystem of real-world evidence to deliver real-time, actionable insights to physicians, providing critical information about the right treatments for the right patients, at the right time. 
 
The ideal candidate is passionate and committed to use the best NLP techniques to sanitize, disambiguate, extract and assemble vital clinical and genomic data for purpose of finding cure to cancer, cardiovascular and other diseases. 
 
What You Will Do: 
 
 Work with a stellar team of data scientists and engineers working with large corpuses of health records from variety of sources. 
 
 Work with lead to experiment various NLP modeling techniques, fine tune and improve model. 
 
 Paying attention to details, identify variation and ambiguous cases in test and production environment. 
 
 Participate in design in text processing pipeline and model design, clearly documenting methodology, architecture workflow and results. 
 
 Carry an open mind, willingness to learn and dive deep, grow to take ownership of generalized model in production. 
 
Required Qualifications: 
 
 PhD, Masters with 2+ years or Bachelor with 3+ years experience in a quantitative or computational field such as Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Biomedical Informatics or related field. 
 
 Experience in modern Deep Learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques and frameworks, including Transformers, seq2seq with attention, RNNs, gensim, fasttext, spacy, scikitlearn, pandas 
 
 Proficient with python, pandas, numpy, nltk, gensim for EDA and text analytics. 
 
 Experience in frameworks like Pytorch, Tensorflow, or Keras. 
 
 Strong programming skills, familiarity with software development cycles, solid understanding of software concepts - data structures and algorithms. 
 
 Thrive in a fast-paced environment and willing to shift priorities seamlessly. 
 
 Experience with communicating insights and presenting concepts to diverse audiences. 
 
 Team player mindset and ability to work in an interdisciplinary team. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Understand how to leverage word embeddings, skill with word sense disambiguation. 
 
 Experience taking to production models in Text Classification, Named Entity Recognition, relation extraction, unsupervised and supervised ML methods, understand trade offs between classic and SOTA Transformer models. 
 
 Understand BERT architecture and its variants, experience with huggingface framework 
 
 Working knowledge of AWS, GCP, Spark, data warehousing. 
 
 Experience using biomedical knowledge information systems, such as UMLS, SNOMED CT, and RxNorm 
 
 Publications in SIGIR, CIKM, ACL, AAAI, KDD, EMNLP, ICML, ICLR, NeurIPS or equivalent. 
 
 Clinical/Healthcare domain experience especially in Cardiovascular diseases is preferred. 
 
 #LI-BL1 tempus 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Redwood City, CA Jobs at Tempus in Redwood City, CA Scientist salaries in Redwood City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Tempus 19 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
