
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Data Science and Mathematics - New York, NY 10012 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Data Science and Mathematics New York University 1,176 reviews New York, NY 10012 New York University 1,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. New York University: NYU - NY: Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences: NYU Courant Math and NYU Center for Data Science
 Location
 New York, NY
 Open Date
 Aug 30, 2021
 Deadline
 Dec 15, 2021 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time
 Description
 The Center for Data Science (CDS) and the Mathematics Department of the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences seeks candidates for a joint faculty position, anticipated to begin in September 2022. We seek to develop our strengths in statistics, leveraging the connections to data science. We expect the appointment to be made at a junior level. 
 The Center for Data Science (CDS) and the Mathematics Department of the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences seek candidates for a joint faculty position, anticipated to begin September 2022. Faculty members are expected to be outstanding scholars and to participate in teaching at all levels from undergraduate to doctoral. 
 CDS is the focal point for NYU’s university-wide initiative in data science and statistics, established 8 years ago, and one of the country’s leading data science research and training facilities. CDS is a vibrant space with about 18 jointly appointed faculty (growing to over 20 in the next two years) and 11 associated faculty across computer science, mathematics, engineering, neuroscience, linguistics, politics, psychology, physics, biology and business; a list of affiliated faculty spanning a wide range of NYU’s schools and departments, a highly successful undergraduate and Master’s programs, and one of the first Data Science PhD programs. CDS’s research focuses on tools and methods at the intersection between applied mathematics, data science, high-dimensional statistics, machine learning, optimization, and several data-driven application areas. 
 The Courant Institute’s Mathematics Department is world-renowed center for applied mathematics (including math for data science and machine learning), scientific computing, PDEs, analysis, probability, geometry and other fields. Courant is also the home of NYU’s department of Computer Science, which is a leader in machine learning and AI, among other fields. 
 CDS and the Courant Institute (both Math and CS) host vibrant interdisciplinary PhD programs and a number of faculty hold joint appointments at the Center for Data Science and the Courant Institute. 
 We seek to develop our strengths in statistics, leveraging the connections to data science. We are particularly focused on expanding in the area of Applied and Theoretical Statistics as well as interdisciplinary areas where the innovative and principled use of statistics is of vital importance. Exceptional candidates from other data-science relevant areas, such as optimization and the mathematical foundations of inference and data-representation will be considered as well. 
 
 Qualifications
 A PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related quantitative field is required. 
 
 Application Instructions
 Applications can be submitted through our Interfolio application page. Please include a CV, a short statement of your research and teaching interests, and a list of at least three references capable of providing a letter on your behalf. We encourage applicants to include a brief statement describing how your research, teaching, and service contributes to diversity and inclusion. Applications and supporting documents received by December 15th, 2021 will receive full consideration. New York University 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at New York University in New York, NY Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from New York University New York University 1,176 reviews Higher education is at the core of this Big Apple institution. The setting and heritage of New York University (NYU) make it one of the n... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
