
 
 
 
 Manager, Product Development, Cyber and Intelligence Platform Services - O'Fallon, MO 63368 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Product Development, Cyber and Intelligence Platform Services MasterCard 629 reviews O'Fallon, MO 63368 Temporarily remote Full-time MasterCard 629 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Mastercard’s Cyber & Intelligence Solutions group (C&I) is a large (and growing) team responsible for safeguarding payments. We ensure that billions of transactions per month are safe, simple and smart!
 
The Product Development and Integration team sits at the core of C&I. This team is responsible for driving quality execution, delivering cross-functional strategy and communicating business needs through roadmap creation, articulation of value proposition and product development prioritization.
 
 
We are seeking a Manager of Product Development to drive our C&I platform forward. This individual contributor will focus on solutions that prevent and detect fraud, connecting intelligence throughout the payment experience and providing insights & tools to our customers. The ideal candidate is passionate about the customer experience journey, highly motivated, intellectually curious, analytical, data driven, and values creating successful outcomes for all.
 
 
Role:
 
 Partner with internal business owners responsible for growing revenue to
 develop innovative solutions that drive new transaction flows and value-
 
added services.
 
 Partner with Data Scientists to drive solutions that help scale and improve
 efficiencies with the AI modeling lifecycle (data understanding, modeling,
 
deployment, refinement).
 
 Translate & communicate the overall vision, objectives, key metrics, and
 goals of the business to development teams.
 
 Collaborate with Technical Architects in transforming requirements into
 solutions and high- level designs.
 
 Own and maintain the development team-level feature backlog.
 Resolve issues and break down barriers for delivery teams.
 
All About You:
 
 Comfortable working collaboratively across both business owners and
 software development teams alike.
 
 Ability to work with ambiguity and manage complex projects.
 Enjoys problem-solving and is a motivated learner.
 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Experience with product development and driving all stages of the product
 lifecycle.
 
 Understanding of payments and payment processing.
 Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
 Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact  reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com  and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. MasterCard 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Development Engineer jobs in O&apos;Fallon, MO Jobs at MasterCard in O&apos;Fallon, MO Product Development Engineer salaries in O&apos;Fallon, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from MasterCard MasterCard 629 reviews Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. We operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connectin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
