
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Associate (Computer Science) - Chapel Hill, NC 27599 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Associate (Computer Science) UNC-Chapel Hill 440 reviews Chapel Hill, NC 27599 UNC-Chapel Hill 440 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Working with the Principle Investigator, Associate Professor Zeynep Tufekci, in an interdisciplinary environment to study the social, political and cultural impacts of digital technology, especially with regards to the public sphere. Strong research, analysis and writing skills are used and required for this position. This position will assist the PI in studying how digital connectivity, artificial intelligence and the technology industry intersect in terms of social, political and cultural dynamics, with emphasis on Global South but also including Western nations and liberal democracies. This research will take place in the context of the current pandemic (though the work is not limited to that) so researchers with a background that contributes to this question are especially encouraged to apply. Duties include: 1-Carry out research on artificial intelligence and digital technologies, including one or more of the following: data analytics, machine learning, encryption or related fields. 2-Show interest in, and ability to conceptually think about how technical developments, practices and affordances interact with dynamics of human societies. This is a core job requirement. This is not a purely technical/computer science position. 3-Researching relevant literature, research, news and incidents on the above topics. 4-Assisting the PI in assessing literature and conducting field and other research. 5-Social science background/interest is an important plus. 6-Creation and writing of bibliographies, reports and papers based on the research and investigations. Strong writing ability as well as being able to work independently without extensive supervision is must.
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Competency in computer science, machine learning and/or data analytics. Familiarity with the research and literature in artificial intelligence and machine learning especially as it pertains to practices in the digital technology industry. Strong writing/communication skills are crucial. Must be able to think and work independently but also in close interaction within a multidisciplinary team. Industry background/experience/familiarity and/or interest in social science and/or social aspects of digital technologies is a plus.Ph.D required in Computer Science or related field. Research interests with a focus on machine learning and/or field of artificial intelligence and/or encryption a plus.
 Position Number:
 PDS002746
 Posting Date:
 05/26/2020
 Closing Date:
 American Recovery & Reinvestment Act Funded:
 No University of North Carolina 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Chapel Hill, NC Jobs at UNC-Chapel Hill in Chapel Hill, NC Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Chapel Hill, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from UNC-Chapel Hill UNC-Chapel Hill 440 reviews The nation’s first public university is at the heart of what’s next, preparing a diverse student body to become creators, explorers, inno... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
