
 
 
 
 Chief Technology Officer (Remote) - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Technology Officer (Remote) Invonto New York, NY Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Invonto is a digital consulting company. We are looking for a seasoned technology manager for a Chief Technology Officer role to lead our technical teams. Must have proven track record of managing full-lifecycle app development projects from requirements gathering stage thru completion. 
This is a direct hire full-time position. This is a remote working position ideal for candidates in New Jersey and New York area. 
3rd party agencies, staffing firms, and corp-to-corp candidates will not be considered. U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor work visas at this time. 
Requirements: 
10+ years of technology and project management experience working with a digital agency or a software product company 
Must be able to manage small development teams across different programming disciplines including cloud, mobile, IoT, AR/VR, and AI 
Experience establishing technology operations and developing technology standards for all project teams 
Ability to steer multiple software products and teams simultaneously 
Must be passionate about modern technologies and effectively using them for creating innovative digital solutions 
A people person who can manage teams and clients remotely 
Position offers a competitive salary and benefits. Only apply if you have relevant experience. Please submit your application by filling the form below. Only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. No phone calls, please. Invonto 27 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Technology Officer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Invonto in New York, NY Chief Technology Officer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Invonto Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
