
 
 
 
 Mechanical Engineer - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Mechanical Engineer Neato Robotics 6 reviews San Jose, CA Neato Robotics 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Mechanical Engineer 
 
Description 
 
Neato Robotics is developing technology at the forefront of robotics & artificial intelligence. 
 
Our products are designed to free people from household chores and will change how we all look at housekeeping tasks. Our products, the award-winning Neato family of autonomous robotic vacuums, have set new standards for intelligence, ease of use and cleaning effectiveness. The products have been available in retail and online in the U.S. since 2010, and more recently in Europe and Asia. And they are only the first few of many new products to come. 
 
Our team consists of roboticists, mechanical, electrical and software engineers and product professionals who have launched brands that are now familiar names in consumer electronics. Our management team is seasoned in leading startups from early stage to successful multinational enterprises. 
 
We are wholly owned subsidiary of Vorwerk International and headquartered in San Jose, CA. For more information on Neato robotics please visit our web site at www.neatorobotics.com 
 
Neato Robotics is looking for a talented and seasoned Mechanical Engineer to join our growing world class team. As a staff Mechanical Engineer reporting to the Director of Product Design and working out of our main office in Newark, you will play a key role in developing, benchmarking and testing current and future Neato robots and sub systems. Your creativity and experience will be put to use exploring applications for the latest sensor technology, brainstorming new concepts for the home robotics market, designing, testing and evaluating our current and future generations of solutions, and supporting manufacturing through ongoing engineering. 
 
Responsibilities : 
 
 Execute experiments to advance the science of robot cleaning 
 Design and fabricate test fixtures for component testing, qualification and experimentation 
 Research and qualify new technology that may be applicable to our product roadmap and vision 
 Analyze and implement solutions for technical design challenges that arise in our production facility and vendors overseas 
 Participate in brainstorming, mock-ups and prototyping of future generations of Neato Robots 
 Conceptualize, design and prototype new capabilities and accessories for our family of current Neato 
 
 
Robots Requirements and Qualifications 
 
Proven interest in mechanical design, analysis, and test of consumer electronics products. Experience with robotics/mechatronics highly desirable. 
 
 BSME or equivalent required, MSME preferred 
 CAD experience in Creo, Solidworks or NX. 
 Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite. Experience with Labview and Matlab a plus. 
 Proficiency in a machine shop, lathe, mill, CNC mill and hand tools 
 Understanding of Design for Manufacturability (DFM), Design for Assembly (DSA) 
 Some experience designing high volume parts for injection , stamping and extrusion etc. 
 Experience with the various forms of rapid prototyping technologies 
 Experience with Arduino hardware/software or other micro controllers, desirable molding Neato Robotics 5 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Mechanical Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Neato Robotics in San Jose, CA Mechanical Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Neato Robotics Neato Robotics 6 reviews Neato Robotics is a robotics company located in Newark, California. Their product, the Neato XV-series (and as of 2014 the expanded BotVa... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
