
 
 
 
 Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist - Philadelphia, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews Philadelphia, PA Full-time Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 35,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.
 Organization Overview:
 Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, Inc. (Avid RP), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, is a molecular imaging company developing diagnostics and biomarkers that improve global health by accelerating the development of new medicines and enabling a tailored approach to healthcare. For more information, visit www.avidrp.com .
 Responsibilities:
 The Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist is a member of the Radiochemistry and Radiopharmaceutical Development team and is expected to collaboratively contribute to internal research efforts and team goals. Responsibilities include developing radiochemistry processes, providing research radiolabelled compound in support of lead discovery programs and developing phase appropriate (e.g., eIND, IND, MA) radiopharmaceutical manufacturing processes.
 Develop radiochemistry processes to enable the radiosynthesis of the compounds for use in internal/external lead discovery programs.
 Produce research or development radiopharmaceutical batches in accordance with cGXPs as needed.
 Develop analytical testing method to characterize research radiopharmaceutical batches.
 Develop and generate applicable Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and technical reports.
 Train contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) on Avid manufacturing processes, and if needed, adapt CMO setups to accommodate Avid manufacturing processes.
 Provide technical manufacturing support to CMOs.
 Other duties as assigned.
 Basic Qualifications:
 Master’s degree in chemistry or related STEM field with minimum of 3 years of experience in research and/or development or Ph.D. degree in chemistry or related STEM field.
 Additional Skills/Preferences:
 Proven ability to work independently in a highly focused manner while working on multiple priorities
 Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
 Proven track record on working in a collaborative environment
 Proven record of exploring and championing innovative solutions
 Strong organizational skills
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Working and rudimentary maintenance knowledge of HPLC and related analytical techniques such as LC/MS, and NMR is required
 Proficient in working with radiosynthesizer is desirable
 Experience in working in relevant disruptive technologies (e.g., automation, 3D printing, robotics, AI/ML) is desirable
 Basic knowledge of databases, programming and experience in software developing a plus
 Ability to lift up/move radioactive material shielding of up to 50 pounds
 Experience with pharmaceutical cGxPs, ICH, FDA guidelines is desirable
 Additional Information:
 Ability to travel as needed (approximately 20%)
 This is an on-site position based in our office in Philadelphia, PA
 Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status
 Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively “Lilly”) are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( Lilly_Recruiting_Compliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.
 Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. 
 
As a condition of employment with Eli Lilly and Company in the United States and Puerto Rico, you must be fully COVID-19 vaccinated and provide valid proof of vaccination to the company. Eli Lilly 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Philadelphia, PA Jobs at Eli Lilly in Philadelphia, PA Research Scientist salaries in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Eli Lilly Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
