
 
 
 
 Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence for Biology (PhD) - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence for Biology (PhD) Facebook 631 reviews New York, NY Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The FAIR Protein team supports fundamental research on learning biology in its native language, both using and advancing state-of-the-art in AI. The team is responsible for building research frameworks in protein ML, leveraging those techniques for protein design, and all aspects of conducting exploratory research in collaboration with FAIR’s research scientists. 
Driving R&D that enables novel protein design capabilities using deep learning methods. 
Developing and evaluating new models that allow generating and manipulating protein structure. 
Implement and test controllable generative models of protein structure. 
Develop protein structure dataset and evaluation methods, both at scale and using in-depth case studies. 
Publish research in top-tier conferences. 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Computational Biology, or related field. 
4+ years of experience in Python, Lua, C++, C, C#, Java or similar language. 
2+ years of software engineering experience in an academic or industrial setting. 
1+ years of experience/research interest in deep learning. 
1+ years of experience/research interest in computational protein design or similar area related to computational molecular design. 
Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Research and software engineering experience demonstrated via an internship, work experience, or coding competitions. 
Experience in deep learning, specifically deep generative models. 
4+ years of experience in ML frameworks such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, and Keras. 
3+ years of industry experience with deep learning algorithm development and optimization. 
Experience loading and manipulating structures from the Protein Data Bank at scale for ML workloads. 
Experience visualizing and analyzing protein structures using tools like PyMOL, TM-score, RMSD, GDT-TS, or equivalent. 
Experience using the Rosetta toolbox, using protocols like constrained folding, ab initio folding, and sequence design with FastRelax. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Facebook in New York, NY Researcher salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
