
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence (AI) Subject Matter Expert, TS/SCI - Crystal City, VA 22202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence (AI) Subject Matter Expert, TS/SCI AMERICAN SYSTEMS 198 reviews Crystal City, VA 22202 AMERICAN SYSTEMS 198 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. WANTED: An  Artificial Intelligence (AI) Subject Matter Expert  with demonstrated experience in cutting edge technology, engineering, analysis of alternatives, capability management and demonstration (including technology transfer), technical demonstrations and evaluations, and requirements analysis. The SME can demonstrate specialized skills in Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDT&E), including the areas of 5G, biotechnology, FNC3, autonomy, microelectronics, quantum science, hypersonic, directed energy, cyber and space. 
 As a  AI Subject Matter Expert  you will: 
 Work to evaluate and secure cutting-edge technology essential to the modernization of national strategy in defense. 
 Work with a team of driven, supportive and highly skilled professionals. 
 Receive a robust benefits package that includes Employee Stock Ownership Plan! 
 Enjoy flexibility managing your work hours and personal needs with a single accrual leave plan. 
 
A week in the life of an  AI Subject Matter Expert : 
 Develop and coordinate concepts and requirements for the application of current and emerging technologies as they apply to DoD's R&E program. 
 Maintain and update AI modernization roadmaps, coordinate roadmaps with key stakeholders. 
 Assist and prepare presentations and reports to DoD leadership and outside DoD. 
 Track the department-wide budget for efforts aligning with AI. 
 Assist, prepare and conduct meetings for AI Modernization Office. 
 Support of oversight and technical assistance to the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC) 
 Conduct AI technology research and analysis for future warfighting construct. 
 Provide programmatic expertise to the Government from system concept definition through technology transfer activities. 
 Make recommendations to the development of Concepts of Operations (CONOPS) pertinent to mission needs and technical capabilities. 
 Assess and advise on Joint Capability Technology Demonstrations (JCTD) requirements, capabilities, limitations, and constraints as they pertain to defense mission resilience and national security. 
 Represent USD R&E on Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) and participate in Government-approved conferences and forums in addition to specific USD R&E projects. 
 
Founded in 1975, AMERICAN SYSTEMS is one of the largest employee-owned companies in the United States. We are a government services contractor focused on delivering Strategic Solutions to complex national priority programs with 100+ locations worldwide. Through our focus on quality, strong cultural beliefs and innovation we deliver excellence every day. 
 Company Awards: 
 Forbes National Best Midsize Companies 2021 Energage National Best Workplaces, National 2021 Washington Post Best Workplaces, 2021 
 Veteran Hiring Awards: 
 U.S. Department of Labor Hire Vets Medallion BEST FOR VETS by Military Times TOP 10 MILITARY FRIENDLY COMPANY by MilitaryFriendly.com 
 #cjpost 
#LI-JB2 
 Job Requirements
 10 years of experience of engineering, cybersecurity, and Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDT&E) required, 14 years of experience preferred. 
 Master’s degree in STEM and minimum of 5-years recent experience in AI, 7-years preferred. 
 TS/SCI Clearance 
 Previous experience with Department of Defense RDT&E mission and processes. 
 Previous experience in engineering, analysis of alternatives, integration, requirements, and testing. 
 Previous experience with command, control, and communications (C3) programs. 
 Experience with Cross-Domain Solutions. 
 Understanding of AI technology and services. 
 Excellent writing, communication and briefing skills. 
 EOE M/F/Disability/Veterans AMERICAN SYSTEMS 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Subject Matter Expert jobs in Crystal City, VA Jobs at AMERICAN SYSTEMS in Crystal City, VA Subject Matter Expert salaries in Crystal City, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AMERICAN SYSTEMS AMERICAN SYSTEMS 198 reviews AMERICAN SYSTEMS is a government services contractor and one of the largest employed-owned companies in the U.S. AMERICAN SYSTEMS is focu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
