
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Machine Learning Researcher, MLR - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Machine Learning Researcher, MLR Apple 10,409 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 5 days ago Apple 10,409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Aug 19, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200246548 
Play a part in building the next revolution of machine learning technology. We're looking for passionate mid level researcher to work on ambitious curiosity driven long-term research projects that will impact the future of Apple, and our products. In this role, you'll have the opportunity to work on innovative foundational research in machine learning.
As a member of the team, you will be inspired by a diversity of challenging problems, collaborate with world-class Machine Learning Engineers and researchers to impact the future of Apple products, and publish some of your results in high-quality scientific venues. 
Key Qualifications 
Demonstrated expertise in machine learning research 
Demonstrated expertise in speech recognition and natural language processing for speech 
Publication record in relevant conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, AAAI, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, EMNLP, etc). 
Hands-on experience working with deep learning toolkits such as Tensorflow or PyTorch. 
Strong mathematical skills in linear algebra and statistics. 
Ability to formulate a research problem, design, experiment, implement and communicate solutions. 
Ability to work in a diverse collaborative environment. 
Description 
You have a strong research background in machine learning or related fields, and regularly publish your results in the main relevant conference and journal venues, and make sure that your research results are of high quality and reproducible.
You will propose your own research plan to advance our understanding of machine learning and execute it through implementation and experimentation, in collaboration with your colleagues. You will provide technical mentorship and guidance, and prepare technical reports for publication and conference talks. 
Education & Experience 
PhD, or equivalent practical experience, in Computer Science, or related technical field.
*** Open to locations outside of Santa Clara Valley *** Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,409 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
