
 
 
 
 Research Manager, Cyber and Communications, Kostas Institute - Burlington, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Manager, Cyber and Communications, Kostas Institute Northeastern University 623 reviews Burlington, MA Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  507506 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Burlington, MA Campus 
 Categories:  Kostas Research Institute 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
The Kostas Research Institute (KRI), on Northeastern University’s Innovation Campus in Burlington, MA (ICBM), focuses on research and applications to national security challenges. Our program in cyber and communications focuses on agile combat deployment and force protection to drive technology and prototype development in a variety of government-backed initiatives. We are seeking a talented and motivated RF Engineer to join our growing team and collaborate with a cross-disciplinary team of engineers, PhDs, and Professors. As a member of our technical staff, you’ll be working to jointly prepare a program vision, develop proposals and project concepts, and deliver prototype systems for meaningful field testing. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 
In this role, you will be working University-owned Research Institute with a team that is focused on 
 
 
 robotic/autonomous navigation, human interaction, and perception for (primarily) defense and security applications 
 Developing, creating, or deploying navigation or perception software onto the robotic systems which may be commercially available or custom built. 
 Integrating AI/ML technology to improve autonomous control and decision making as well as human-device cooperation. 
 
 
Your primary focus will be to expand models in which Command, Control, and Coordination assets will be distributed in complex, contested, and frequently degraded environments. This effort will illuminate the challenges associated with the use of AI/ML to develop and sustain a robust communications network that will support Command & Control, ISR, accurate positioning of units and assets, and the sustainment of that network via evolving counter-cyber algorithms in the face of repeated waves of determined cyberattacks. You will be working in a collaborative environment to develop technology and prototype systems, identify next-step goals and development opportunities, coordinate multi-participant grant-funded programs, and coordinate/oversee the smooth delivery of deliverables vs program goals and milestones. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Expand the autonomous perception, localization, and resilience of enhanced communication systems 
 Develop or implement AI/ML algorithms to improve autonomous cyber, comms, and resilience in prototype systems 
 Working in a collaborative environment, coordinate multi-participant grant-funded programs, and coordinate/oversee the smooth delivery of deliverables vs program goals and milestones 
 Participate in small and tactical development teams using agile development principles, sprint planning, and standups etc. 
 Participate in customer meetings to present and discuss technical plans and milestones 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 MS or PhD degree, or equivalent experience in Cyber/Counter Cyber Technologies, RF/Comms, Robotics and/or Autonomous Engineering (or related discipline) 
 Eligibility for national security clearance 
 1-5 years research experience 
 Ability to communicate cyber, communications, RF, and network-related concepts and results in an understandable manner 
 Ability to interface between university faculty to build and coordinate collaboration on multi-year development initiatives 
 Excellent comprehension of AI/ML-enabled or enhanced cyber and communications systems 
 Demonstrable example(s) of designed and developed network and RF technology 
 Dedication to continuous integration and testing 
 Excellent communication skills 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
   Active security clearance preferred. 
 
 Salary Grade: 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  17 Aug 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 26 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Manager jobs in Burlington, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Burlington, MA Research Manager salaries in Burlington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
