
 
 
 
 Researcher-I Computational Science - Golden, CO 80401 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Researcher-I Computational Science National Renewable Energy Laboratory 109 reviews Golden, CO 80401 $59,100 - $97,600 a year  -   Full-time National Renewable Energy Laboratory 109 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $59,100 - $97,600 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Posting Title
 Researcher-I Computational Science
 .
 Location
 CO - Golden
 .
 Position Type
 Limited Term (Fixed Term)
 .
 Hours Per Week
 40
 .
 Mandatory COVID-19 Vaccination Protocols
 Employment at NREL is contingent upon your compliance with all NREL and DOE safety protocols and mitigation efforts directed at the COVID-19 pandemic. At present, NREL requires all employees to be immunized against COVID-19. Upon hire, new employees must be prepared to provide proof of vaccination on your first day of employment. All employees must have completed vaccinations by November 1, 2021.
 Working at NREL
 The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), located at the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in Golden, Colorado is the nation's primary laboratory for research and development of renewable energy and energy efficiency technologies.
 From day one at NREL, you’ll connect with coworkers driven by the same mission to save the planet. By joining an organization that values a supportive, inclusive, and flexible work environment, you’ll have the opportunity to engage through our eight employee resource groups, numerous employee-driven clubs, and learning and professional development classes.
 NREL supports inclusive, diverse, and unbiased hiring practices that promote creativity and innovation. By collaborating with organizations that focus on diverse talent pools, reaching out to underrepresented demographics, and providing an inclusive application and interview process, our Talent Acquisition team aims to hear all voices equally. We strive to attract a highly diverse workforce and create a culture where every employee feels welcomed and respected and they can be their authentic selves.
 Job Description
 The Complex Systems Simulation and Optimization Group in the NREL Computational Science Center has an opening for a full-time limited-term high-performance computing (HPC) and artificial intelligence (AI) researcher-1 with a focus on parallel optimized performance of material simulation via the VASP application and investigation of performance utilizing the Jupyter Notebook.
 This successful candidate will participate in readiness of advanced, technically complex scientific, engineering, and analysis software and HPC and AI workflow systems, to include algorithm development, performance improvement, application development, testing, releasing, installation, and maintenance of software and applications.
 The successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to adapt solutions from one scientific discipline or environment to another. Implementations may include HPC workflow design, parallel application deployment and support, and cloud architectures. The successful candidate will work with minimal supervision with a team to develop and support simulations and software systems in support of scientific research and development in a heterogeneous high performance computing environment. Will be a part of a team creating and supporting systems and workflows for the simulation, validation, and analysis of scientific and engineering workflows toward the discovery of new insights and technologies to enable an energy efficient and renewable energy future.
 Job duties and responsibilities of the position include:
 .
 Basic Qualifications
 Related Bachelor's Degree.
 .
 Additional Required Qualifications
 Demonstrated experience utilizing Gaussian and VASP for research.
 Demonstrated experience utilizing high performance computing.
 Evaluate the performance of parallel optimized performance of material simulation via the VASP application.
 Develop new software and/or customize existing applications to enable the efficient and performant execution of VASP.
 Create novel computational approaches and tools as required by research goals.
 Integrate scientific and engineering workflows, high performance computing simulations, big data analytics applications and petabyte-scale storage systems to provide software solutions for the creation and analysis of complex sets of data.
 Work across a wide variety of scientific domains to develop cutting-edge and scalable simulations and software.
 Enable researchers to seamlessly leverage NREL’s HPC computational facilities to accelerate renewable energy research.
 Participate in research and evaluation projects of new technological solutions for the Simulation, Analysis and Visualization mission of the Computational Science Center at NREL.
  Limited use and application of scientific principles, theories and concepts. Good written and verbal communication skills. Ability to use various computer software programs.
 Preferred Qualifications
 Demonstrated experience utilizing Jupyter Notebook.
 Undergraduate coursework in math, physics and computer science.
 .
 Annual Salary Range (based on full-time 40 hours per week)
 Annual Salary Range: $59,100 - $97,600
 Offers will typically be made in the bottom half of the listed range. NREL takes into consideration a candidate’s education, training, and experience, as well as the position's work location, expected quality and quantity of work, required travel (if any), external market and internal value, including seniority and merit systems, and internal pay alignment when determining the salary level for potential new employees. In compliance with the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, a potential new employee’s salary history will not be used in compensation decisions.
 Benefits Summary
 Benefits include medical, dental, and vision insurance; short*- and long-term disability insurance; pension benefits*; 403(b) Employee Savings Plan with employer match*; life and accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D) insurance; personal time off (PTO) and sick leave; paid holidays; and tuition reimbursement*. NREL employees may be eligible for, but are not guaranteed, performance-, merit-, and achievement- based awards that include a monetary component. Some positions may be eligible for relocation expense reimbursement. Limited-term positions are not eligible for long-term disability or tuition reimbursement.
 *  Based on eligibility rules
 Submission Guidelines
 Please note that in order to be considered an applicant for any position at NREL you must submit an application form for each position for which you believe you are qualified. Applications are not kept on file for future positions. Please include a cover letter and resume with each position application.
 .
 EEO Policy
 NREL is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard basis of age (40 and over), color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military or veteran status, national origin/ancestry, race, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding), sexual orientation, and any other applicable status protected by federal, state, or local laws.
 EEO is the Law  |  Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination  |  Reasonable Accommodations
 E  -Verify  www.dhs.gov/E-Verify  |For information about right to work, click  here  for English or  here  for Spanish.
 E-Verify is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. This business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce. National Renewable Energy Laboratory 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Golden, CO Jobs at National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden, CO Researcher salaries in Golden, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Renewable Energy Laboratory 109 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
