
 
 
 
 Adjuncts in Computer Science - Philadelphia, PA 19104 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjuncts in Computer Science Drexel University 529 reviews Philadelphia, PA 19104 Part-time Drexel University 529 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Job no:  496641 
 Work type:  Part-Time 
 Location:  University City - Philadelphia, PA 
 Categories:  Drexel University, College of Computing and Informatics 
 About Drexel University, College of Computing and Informatics 
 
Drexel is a private university committed to research with real-world applications. The University has over 24,000 students in 15 colleges and schools and offers about 200 degree programs. The College of Computing & Informatics (CCI) is comprised of approximately 60 faculty and 2,000 students. Drexel has one of the largest and best-known cooperative education programs in the country, with over 1,600 co-op employers. Drexel's University City campus is located on Philadelphia’s “Avenue of Technology” in the University City District and at the hub of the academic, cultural and historical resources of the nation’s sixth largest metropolitan region. CCI consists of the Computer Science and Information Science Departments and is located in a brand-new building with state-of-the-art classrooms, research and student labs with abundant space to promote collaboration and innovation. 
 
Job Summary 
 
The College of Computing and Informatics (CCI) invites applications for multiple adjunct faculty positions in Computer Science. The CS Department offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in Computer Science and Software Engineering along with a new MS degree in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Teaching opportunities include both online and on campus courses. Drexel operates on the quarter system, with a 10-week teaching term. 
 
Areas of need change from term to term and often include but are not limited to: 
 
 Introductory and Intermediate Programming 
 Core Computer Science 
 Computing Systems, Systems Programming and Computer Networks 
 Computer Security and Privacy 
 Computer Game Design and Implementation 
 AI and Machine Learning 
 Software Engineering 
 
 Adjunct Faculty are generally provided with instructional materials and are responsible for all aspects of teaching the materials including appropriate course delivery, modifications if necessary, communication with students, and grading (grading assistance is provided for large classes). Some teaching assignments will be as part of a team teaching multiple sections, and adjunct faculty will be expected to coordinate with the other faculty. 
 
Essential Functions 
 
 Teach required number of credit hours per term based on their contract. 
 Demonstrate knowledge and skills related to teaching at a university level, teaching methodology, curriculum development, and evaluation. 
 Communicate with students throughout the duration of the academic term. 
 Evaluate students’ learning progress and achievement of curricular objectives; grade assignments and provide final grades based on students’ assessed learning. 
 Maintain communication with the department head and associate department heads regarding any course or student issues. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Master’s degree in CS or related field 
 Relevant professional experience 
 PhD preferred but not required 
 Teaching/training experience preferred but not required 
 
 Special Instructions to the Applicant 
 
Applications should consist of a cover letter, CV, a list of references, and a brief statement summarizing teaching experience and/or relevant professional experience. Letters of reference will be requested from candidates who are invited for an interview. Electronic submissions in PDF format are required. 
 Advertised:  Sep 1 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close:  Oct 31 2021 Eastern Daylight Time Drexel University 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Drexel University in Philadelphia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Drexel University Drexel University 529 reviews Drexel University is a private research university with three campuses in Philadelphia and one in Sacramento, California. It was founded ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
