
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Nanoramic Laboratories Boston, MA 02210 Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Nanoramic Laboratories is an innovative, high-tech start-up company with an amazing company culture. We trust our employees and wholeheartedly believe in the value of transparency at all levels of the company. We empower our employees to make decisions that are in the best interest of the company. 
 By giving our employees the power to introduce new concepts, we allow those concepts to be willingly adopted from the ground up, instead of forced from the top down. At Nanoramic, continuous learning and education will be an important part of your job. We invest in regular company-wide education days and support each employee's growth and development. We are a company of smart, talented individuals who work hard, but also understand and respect work/life balance. 
 Job Description 
 We are looking for a highly capable machine learning engineer to develop optimization tools for our manufacturing processes. 
You will be evaluating machine learning (ML) processes, performing statistical analysis to resolve data set problems, and enhancing the accuracy of our AI software's predictive automation capabilities with the objective to optimize formulations for energy storage and thermal management materials manufacturing processes. 
 To ensure success as a machine learning engineer, you should demonstrate solid data science knowledge and experience in a related ML role. A first-class machine learning engineer will be someone whose expertise translates into the enhanced performance of predictive automation software. 
 Machine Learning Engineer Responsibilities: 
 Designing machine learning systems and self-running artificial intelligence (AI) software to automate predictive models. 
Transforming data science prototypes and applying appropriate ML algorithms and tools. 
Ensuring that algorithms generate accurate user recommendations. 
Solving complex problems with multi-layered data sets, as well as optimizing existing machine learning libraries and frameworks. 
Developing ML algorithms to analyze historical data to make predictions. 
Running tests, performing statistical analysis, and interpreting test results. 
Documenting machine learning processes. 
Keeping abreast of developments in machine learning. 
 Machine Learning Engineer Requirements: 
 Phd or Master's degree in computational linguistics, data analytics, or similar will be advantageous. Alternatively you have advance knowledge in Li-Ion battery materials and technologies and have passion and experience to apply artificial intelligence to energy storage design. 
At least two years' experience as a machine learning engineer. 
Advanced proficiency with Python, Java, and R code writing. 
Extensive knowledge of ML frameworks, libraries, data structures, data modeling, and software architecture. 
In-depth knowledge of mathematics, statistics, and algorithms. 
Superb analytical and problem-solving abilities. 
Great communication and collaboration skills. 
Excellent time management and organizational abilities. 
 
We offer a competitive compensation package that is based off candidate experience in combination with a thorough market data analysis. Included in our employment offer is a range of benefits including 401k company match, BCBS health insurance, HSA or FSA benefits, vision insurance, dental insurance, disability and life insurance, and 15 vacation/sick days throughout the year. In addition to regular PTO, our entire organization takes 11 national holidays and a company holiday period from December 24th to January 1st each year. 
 
 Nanoramic is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. Nanoramic Laboratories 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Nanoramic Laboratories in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nanoramic Laboratories Established 2009 in Boston, MA, Nanoramic Laboratories was founded by MIT graduates and experts in the use of nanocarbons in energy stora... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
