
 
 
 
 Research Faculty - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Faculty Northeastern University 623 reviews Boston, MA Full-time Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  506585 
 Position Type:  Faculty Full-time (Non-Tenure Track) 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  Provost’s Office 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
In response to the shortage of researchers trained in AI, Northeastern seeks research faculty at all levels from computer science and other fields related to Artificial intelligence. 
 
Last year, Northeastern launched a pioneering research and innovation hub in AI—one that will shape the way humans and machines collaborate. Led by Dr. Usama Fayyad, the Experiential AI Institute is built around the challenges and opportunities made possible by human-machine collaboration. The institute provides a framework to design, implement, and scale AI-driven technologies in ways that make a true difference to society. Our ability to respond to the opportunities afforded to society will depend on training and building a workforce that is AI-capable. Headquartered in Portland, Maine, with the goal of growing the Maine tech economy, the Roux Institute will be the main center of activity for the Experiential AI Institute’s efforts, in addition to efforts in other campuses. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
During a three-year renewable appointment at the Boston and/or Portland campuses, Experiential AI Research Professors, as either Assistant Research Professor, Associate Research Professor, or Research Professor, depending on qualifications will perform foundational and/or applied research in AI. 
 
At the conclusion, applicants will be evaluated to continue as research faculty at the Roux Institute or at one of Northeastern’s other seven US campuses (Boston, Burlington, Charlotte, Nahant, Seattle, San Francisco, and San Jose). 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
A Ph.D. in computer science, AI, Ethics, or related fields by the appointment start date. 
 
A record of outstanding research, commensurate with years of professional experience, as evidenced by publications, grants, software outputs, and other scholarly measures of impact. 
 
A record of successful research collaborations. 
 
Experience managing large and complex projects involving a wide variety of constituents and stakeholders. 
 
Experience managing and/or working with multiple researchers, technical staff, post-docs, and doctoral students in an interdisciplinary environment; 
 
The candidate should have the following skills: 
 Strong analytical, computational, and quantitative abilities; 
 Strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills; 
 Strong management and mentoring skills; 
 Must be able to exercise judgement and discretion, and to prioritize and manage multiple tasks; and 
 Excellent written and oral presentation skills for reaching audiences both in and out of one’s own field. 
 
We expect research faculty to establish and advocate for best practices in scientific reproducibility of all results, and to promote the ethical use of data and algorithms. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Prior strong research record on AI applied to cybersecurity, life sciences, healthcare informatics, information retrieval, and responsible/ethical AI. 
 
Experience in obtaining research funding and leading AI research projects. 
 
Experience managing large and complex projects involving a wide variety of constituents and stakeholders. 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 FAC 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Applications will be accepted and evaluated on a rolling basis, with the evaluation starting June 1, 2021; successful applicants to this program will begin their appointments on September 1, 2021 or later. 
 
Interested candidates should submit the following application materials: 
 Cover Letter: To further assist the search committee in its screening process, all cover letters should address your interest in Experiential AI, and in particular which area of research you are interested in. 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Research Statement – A statement about your research program and the areas of research in Experiential AI that you intend to pursue. Please note any relevant course or work experience in mathematics, statistics, programming, etc. (typically 2–pages, max). 
 Junior Faculty: please provide references (names and contact information for at least three potential recommenders). 
 
All questions can be emailed to: Professor Ricardo Baeza-Yates, Director of Research at IEAI (rbaeza-yates@northeastern.edu) 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  30 Jun 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Faculty salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
