
 
 
 
 Engineering Recruiter - Artificial Intelligence (AI) Teams - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engineering Recruiter - Artificial Intelligence (AI) Teams Bloomberg 836 reviews New York, NY Full-time, Internship Bloomberg 836 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description Apply Now
 Bloomberg is building the world's most trusted information network for financial professionals. Our core product, the Bloomberg Terminal, is an independent and unbiased source of information for our clients – everyone from C-Suite executives, traders, analysts, government officials, business heavyweights, and news professionals around the globe. 6,000+ technologists – and counting – are dedicated to advancing and building new solutions for the Bloomberg Terminal in order to solve complex, real-world problems. No other company processes the breadth and depth of financial data into meaningful and actionable information as well, or as quickly, as we do. Our engineers and researchers work together to roll out new software daily that integrates seamlessly and immediately into our clients’ workflows. 
 
 Recruiting is a key driver of Bloomberg Engineering’s success. We take great pride in attracting, assessing and impressing the best engineers on the market, and this is especially true when recruiting for our Artificial Intelligence (AI) teams. That’s where you come in. Working in partnership with this close-knit team of 180+ researchers and engineers, you’ll use your understanding of their business objectives, products, people, and challenges to recruit AI talent - from interns to full-time experienced hires - globally. 
 
 We'll trust you to: 
 Build a strong pipeline of candidates through direct sourcing activities. 
 Manage and execute on the full recruitment life-cycle, from reviewing resumes to closing candidates, in a high volume and complex recruitment environment. 
 Be creative with sourcing strategies. 
 Always provide a high-touch candidate experience. 
 Build strong relationships with hiring managers and other key stakeholders. 
 Use data to measure the success and impact of your recruitment efforts. 
 Share trends and market insights relevant to AI/machine learning space and help influence and implement new methods for competitive hiring practices 
 Project manage key initiatives that impact the overall Software Engineering recruitment strategy. 
 Know what is happening in the external market. 
 Drive our brand through social media, industry conferences and open house events. 
 Collaborate with HR Business Partners, Immigration Specialists, Relocation Experts, and the marketing department to achieve a common goal. 
 You’ll need to have: 
 A minimum of 3 years of technical recruitment experience 
 Proven track record of directly sourcing software engineers with a focus on AI, ML, NLP, NLU, IR, and QA 
 Strong relationship management and negotiation skills 
 A consultative and data-driven approach with the ability to influence senior stakeholders 
 Excellent organization, prioritization, presentation and project management skills 
 Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills. 
 Be a team player who’s self-aware, acts with integrity and values diversity 
 Be curious, innovative, and analytical. 
 Does this sound like you? 
 
Apply if you think we're a good match. We'll get in touch to let you know what the next steps are. 
Bloomberg is committed to diversity. It drives our innovation. At Bloomberg, you'll have the opportunity to go above and beyond and to take risks. You'll be a part of an organization that is entering new markets, launching new ventures, and pushing boundaries. Our ever-expanding array of technology, data, news, and media services champions innovation and empowers clients - and offers nearly limitless opportunities for career growth. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We bring out the best in each other. 
 
 Apply Now Bloomberg 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Recruiter jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Bloomberg in New York, NY Recruiter salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Bloomberg Bloomberg 836 reviews Bloomberg is a global information and technology company. We use our dynamic network of data, ideas and analysis to solve difficult probl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
