
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Data/Computer Scientist - Cincinnati, OH 45229 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Data/Computer Scientist Cincinnati Children's Hospital 819 reviews Cincinnati, OH 45229 Cincinnati Children's Hospital 819 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Description 
 
Artificial Intelligence Data/Computer Scientist 
 
Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC) is a premier pediatric research institution. We are driven by our mission to improve child health and transform the delivery of care through fully integrated, globally recognized research, education, and innovation. Our image-based Artificial Intelligence (AI) core at CCHMC is a multi-disciplinary infrastructure that aims at supporting enterprise-wide image-based AI research and clinical translation through developing and clinically translating state-of-the-art AI tools. Our cross-disciplinary team has multiple machine learning projects utilizing multimodal image-types, as acquired by Radiology, Cardiology, Pathology, Endoscopy and Dermatology, among others, to automate medical image classification, segmentation/detection, risk assessment, patient triage, disease prognosis/diagnosis, and to integrate these endeavors into the CCHMC clinical workflow. We are now seeking talented and industrious AI Data/Computer Scientists to join us.
 
 
 Representative Responsibilities
 
 Design, develop, and implement state-of-the-art AI techniques; reproduce and apply existing algorithms/methods/models for medical applications.
 Innovate and advance AI techniques; evaluate and improve AI algorithms/methods/models currently used.
 Establish and validate algorithms/methods/models to create clinically meaningful AI tools that involve medical images. 
 Assist with clinically translating AI tools from the "bench to the bedside". 
 Assist with image data curation, processing, and analysis; create and maintain optimal data pipelines by conducting regular quality and reproducibility checks. 
 Assist with developing and deploying AI educational workshops/seminar series for CCHMC clinical and research faculty/staff to accelerate AI adoption. 
 Communicate results/findings; draft and edit scientific abstracts, presentations, and journal articles. Present work at workshops, seminars, and conference proceedings within and outside of CCHMC. 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Education/Experience
 
 
 Required: 
 
 MS or PhD degree in computer science, biomedical engineering, bioinformatics, electrical engineering, or related field.
 2-5 Extensive experience in machine learning and deep learning development using Scikit-learn, deep learning package (e.g., Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch). 
 Strong communication skills in written and verbal English, and ability to work both independently and as a team member to accomplish core objectives. Cincinnati Children's Hospital 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Cincinnati, OH Jobs at Cincinnati Children's Hospital in Cincinnati, OH Computer Scientist salaries in Cincinnati, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cincinnati Children's Hospital Cincinnati Children's Hospital 819 reviews At Cincinnati Children’s, we come to work with one goal: to make children’s health better. We believe in a team approach, both in caring ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
