
 
 
 
 AVP Enterprise Architecture Practices - Louisville, KY 40202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AVP Enterprise Architecture Practices Humana 6,927 reviews Louisville, KY 40202 Full-time Humana 6,927 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Associate VP, Enterprise Architecture translates business needs into technical systems solutions and architectural roadmaps. The Associate VP, Enterprise Architecture requires a in-depth understanding of how organization capabilities interrelate across segments and/or enterprise-wide. 
Responsibilities 
The Associate VP, Enterprise Architecture will lead the development of architecture principals, patterns, standards and reference materials to enable the creation of a comprehensive technology strategy for Humana. Identifies information technology architectures and facilitates architecture development aligned with business goals and corporate strategy. Participates in IT Governance activities to ensure compliance with enterprise and solution architecture standards. Develops and leads the implementation of technology standards. Leads the team in defining and maintaining technology and integration frameworks, conceptual, logical and physical design patterns and services for all solutions. Provides leadership in developing the organization's technical and architectural staff. Decisions are typically related to intradepartmental coordination, development and implementation of strategic plans, and business outcomes, and develops and implements strategic plans for the scope of management that are aligned with the Segment or Business strategy. 
Key Responsibilities 
Define and evolve the Architectural Strategy and Roadmap for Technology Architecture, Application Architecture and Data Architecture. 
Ensuring technology, application and data architecture is aligned with the Humana's business priorities 
Define and Implement Agile/Lean Architectural processes and practices. 
Guide team in industry trend research and the applicability of industry research to Humana environments. 
Communicate, socialize and evangelize technology, application and data architecture direction to all delivery teams as well as senior company leadership. 
Set the standards for key non-functional requirements (scalability, availability, maintenance, security, etc.) for all applications and platforms. 
Foster a positive work environment, where selecting, educating and activating team members through continuously feedback, mentoring, and coaching is expected. Inspire a high-performing team of architects to develop work products that enables innovation of technology and supports new business capabilities and changing operating models. 
Collaborating with product management, business strategy, and segment leadership to define and evergreen technology architecture future state. 
Define, manage and communicate enterprise technology principles, policies and standards. Create governance to manage all technology decision using the principles, policies and standards. 
Enable innovation by using advanced technologies and approaches to transform the existing technology base around cloud, digital, data science, AI/ML, microservices, eventing and API. 
Defines technology debt process and uses this process to improve efficiencies using an enterprise wide lens. 
Key Candidate Qualifications 
Bachelors Degree (Master's preferred) in Computer Science or a related field 
10 or more years of technical experience 
8 o or more years of management experience 
Progressive experience as a senior architect or technical lead in large IT projects spanning multiple enterprise systems 
10 or more years design, development, and testing of software applications 
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences 
Scheduled Weekly Hours 
40 Humana 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Vice President jobs in Louisville, KY Jobs at Humana in Louisville, KY Assistant Vice President salaries in Louisville, KY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Humana Humana 6,927 reviews For more than 50 years Humana has been a proven leader and innovator in the health and wellness industry.   A passionate emphasis on peop... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
