
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Noom US 83 reviews New York, NY Remote Noom US 83 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. At Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. Our Engineering team is at the forefront of this challenge, solving complex technical and UX problems on our mobile apps that center around habits, behavior, and lifestyle. 
 
We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our Data team and help us ensure that we apply the best approaches to data analysis and research, artificial intelligence, and machine learning. 
 
What You'll Like About Us: 
 
 We work on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives. 
 We base our work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals. 
 We are a data-driven company through and through. 
 We're a respectful, diverse, and dynamic environment in which Engineering is a first-class citizen, and where you'll be able to work on a variety of interesting problems that affect the lives of real people. 
 We offer a generous budget for personal development expenses like training courses, conferences, and books. 
 You'll get three weeks' paid vacation and a flexible work policy that is remote- and family-friendly (about 50% of our engineering team is fully remote). We worry about results, not time spent in seats. 
 
 What We'll Like About You: 
 
 You have 4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst in a similarly-sized organization, with a proven record of analysis and research that positively impacts your team. 
 You possess excellent communication skills and the ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience 
 You possess excellent SQL/relational algebra skills, ideally with at least a basic knowledge of how different types of databases (e.g.: column vs row storage) work. 
 You have a superior knowledge of statistical analysis methods, such as input selection, logistic and standard regression, etc. 
 You are comfortable writing Python code, and have good working knowledge of pandas and numpy. We don't expect you to write production-quality code, but you should have some programming experience. 
 You are comfortable with at least "medium data" technologies and how to transcend the "memory bound" nature of most analytics tools. Noom US 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Noom US in New York, NY Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Noom US Noom US 83 reviews Noom is the world's leading behavior change company, disrupting the weight loss and healthcare industries. By combining the power of arti... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
