
 
 
 
 Project Instructor - Corvallis, OR 97331 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Instructor Oregon State University 539 reviews Corvallis, OR 97331 Oregon State University 539 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The School of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science invites applications for a full-time, 12-month, fixed-term Project Instructor position. Reappointment is at the discretion of the School Head. 
 
This position helps students adapt their technical understanding to world-ready skills by preparing and delivering course materials in one or more areas of CS including, but not limited to, the following: Software Engineering, Capstone Design, Introductory Programming, Data Structures, Algorithms, Databases, Artificial Intelligence, Operating Systems, Networking, Security, Web and Cloud Development, and Mobile Development. 
 
Through quality teaching, this role has a pivotal impact on how students perceive the engineering discipline as a whole and how effective they are upon graduation for their future careers. In addition, this position helps student teams by supplying deep practical knowledge of software development. 
 
This position uses various teaching modalities including team co-teaching, remote instruction, in-person instruction, large classrooms/class size, and small group mentoring. 
Position Duties
 90% Teaching: 
 Prepare and teach course materials in one or more areas of CS including, but not limited to, the following: Introductory Programming, Data Structures, Algorithms, Databases, Software Engineering, Operating Systems, Networking, Security, Web and Cloud Development, and Mobile Development. 
 Responsibilities include equipping students with skills required for successful careers, assessing student performance, and/or preparing students to be successful leaders in their chosen profession. 
 May assist in driving curriculum design and development. 
 Responsibilities also include creating an inclusive classroom (e.g., mentoring and supporting students from diverse backgrounds, and fostering affirming classroom interactions across different and challenging structural/cultural barriers that limit movement towards social equity in engineering education and practice). 
 Teaching modalities can vary including team co-teaching, remote instruction, in-person instruction, large classrooms/class size, and small group mentoring. 
 
 5% Supervision: 
 Provide leadership, supervision, and direction for graduate and undergraduate teaching assistants, as well as student workers. 
5% Professional Development: 
 Engage in training, continuing education, and other professional development activities contributing to effectiveness as an instructor. 
Minimum/Required Qualifications
 Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field. Experience teaching, mentoring, and facilitating learners, inside or outside of a classroom setting. Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate in one or more areas of need in the CS program (specifically: Software Engineering, Introductory Programming, Data Structures, Algorithms, Databases, Artificial Intelligence, Operating Systems, Networking, Security, Web and Cloud Development, and Mobile Development). Demonstrable commitment to promoting and enhancing diversity. Effective written and verbal English skills. 
Preferred (Special) Qualifications
 Proficiency with a breadth of programming tools, frameworks and best practices, including those currently in high demand among employers in the software industry. Experience mentoring early career engineers or student groups in engineering including helping to mentor teams. Supervisory experience, including planning/assigning work, completing performance reviews, and managing team dynamics. 
Working Conditions / Work Schedule
 Working conditions and the work schedule will vary depending on courses assigned 
This position requires a clear and unambiguous commitment to compliance of all National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) regulations for Division I (FBS) universities. No
 Posting Number   P04752UF 
 
 Number of Vacancies   1 
 
 Anticipated Appointment Begin Date  12/15/2021 
 
 Anticipated Appointment End Date 
 
 Posting Date   08/30/2021 
 
 Full Consideration Date   09/30/2021 
 
 Closing Date   10/31/2021 
 
 Indicate how you intend to recruit for this search   Competitive / External - open to ALL qualified applicants 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants
 To ensure full consideration, applications must be received by  09/30/2021 . Applications will continue to be accepted after the full consideration date, until a sufficient applicant pool has been achieved or the position is filled. The closing date is subject to change without notice to applicants. 
 
When applying you will be required to attach the following electronic documents: 
 
1) A resume 
 
2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position. 
 
3) Diversity Statement (half page to full page) which addresses how you can assist Oregon State University in achieving its strong institutional commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and multiculturalism with a focus on providing a welcoming atmosphere with unique professional opportunities for leaders from underrepresented groups. 
 Starting salary within the salary range will be commensurate with skills, education, and experience. 
 
 
You will also be required to submit the names of at least three professional references, their e-mail addresses and telephone numbers as part of the application process.
 
 
For additional information please contact:
 
Don Heer 
 Don.Heer@oregonstate.edu 
 
OSU is committed to the health of our local and global community. All employees and students are required to comply with the university’s COVID-19 Vaccination Program. Please visit https://covid.oregonstate.edu/ for additional information about OSU’s plans for safety and success, as well as options for compliance with the vaccination program. 
 
OSU commits to inclusive excellence by advancing equity and diversity in all that we do. We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer, and particularly encourage applications from members of historically underrepresented racial/ethnic groups, women, individuals with disabilities, veterans, LGBTQ community members, and others who demonstrate the ability to help us achieve our vision of a diverse and inclusive community. 
 
Starting salary within the salary range will be commensurate with skills, education, and experience. 
This position is designated as a critical or security-sensitive position; therefore, the incumbent must successfully complete a criminal history check and be determined to be position qualified as per OSU Standard 576-055-0000 et seq. Incumbents are required to self-report convictions and those in youth programs may have additional criminal history checks every 24 months. Offers of employment are contingent upon meeting all minimum qualifications including the criminal history check requirement. Oregon State University 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Instructor jobs in Corvallis, OR Jobs at Oregon State University in Corvallis, OR Instructor salaries in Corvallis, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oregon State University Oregon State University 539 reviews Oregon State University (OSU) is a coeducational, public research university in Corvallis, Oregon, United States. The university offers m... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
