
 
 
 
 Digital Personalization Manager - Denver, CO 80206 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Personalization Manager The North Face 576 reviews Denver, CO 80206 $77,760 - $116,640 a year  -   Full-time The North Face 576 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $77,760 - $116,640 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Join the  North Face  Family
 The North Face was built on a love for the outdoors and the desire to enable all types of exploration, for all people, from their backyards to the Himalayas. Over the last 50 years we've lived by our “true north,” the belief that exploration has the power to change us, to challenge us and to help us see the world from new perspectives. To help ignite a global movement of outdoor exploration, love for the natural world and an unwavering commitment to protect it, we welcome and encourage new participants to the outdoors. We extend our reach through support of non-profit organizations, establishing programs that connect participants with close-to-home recreation opportunities, and creating a connection with young leaders, inspiring them to explore and conserve.
 As we enter our sixth decade, we pledge to:
 Empower exploration and the thrill of the unknown for as many people as possible.
 Protect the places where we live, play, and operate.
 Evolve the way we make our products by improving our environmental performance and social responsibility in the supply chain. 
 Digital Personalization Manager
 This is a pivotal role within the North Face Digital Infrastructure, responsible for developing and executing our personalization strategy to give our consumers a best in class experience within our digital environment. Working as a part of the Digital Content and Personalization team, this role will report directly to the Sr. Manager Content and Personalization. This position will work cross-functionally with our CRM, Digital Marketing, Creative, and Operations Teams. This role will manage a direct report responsible for the A/B testing work stream. 
 How You Will Make A Difference
 Learn, understand, and execute personalization vision and strategy for The North Face eCommerce website in US & CA
 Develop an understanding of the full digital ecosystem for business and consumer impact
 Understand the who, what, when, and how our personalization engine powers marketing and in the moment communication
 Execute on new, branded content capabilities collaborating with content manager
 Work to translate analytics and insights into action
 Work with key cross-functional partners to understand business strategies and priorities
 Collaborate with Content Manger and A/B Testing to identify opportunities where personalization can impact consumer experiences
 Partner with data analyst and CRM team to leverage data to optimize content for our consumers incorporating a wide variety of data types and sources
 Provide support for testing program for content audience and channel optimizations in partnership with marketing, content, and merchandising teams
 Execute on machine learning models responsible for driving editorial content and marketing communications
 Manage direct report responsible for the A/B testing work stream
 Manage executive relationship of working personalization vendors
 Free  To  Be  ,  Inclusion & Diversity
 As a purpose-led, performance driven company, we strive to foster a culture of belonging based on respect, connection, openness and authenticity. We are committed to build ing an d maintaining a workplace that celebrates the diversity of our associates, allowing them to bring their authentic selves to w ork every day. 
 Skills for Success
 5-7 years’ experience in personalization, machine learning, or recommendations systems
 Previous experience working in a corporate retail environment
 Ability to navigate ambiguity
 Exceptional interpersonal skills; thrives in highly collaborative environment
 Strong understanding of predictive modeling and AI
 Technical understanding of CRM and CLM data science
 Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions and recommendations to drive actions
 Ability to work cross-functionally communicating with teams
 Self-starter with demonstrated experience developing diverse teams and positive working relationships
 Experience working in personalization and analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Monetate, Certona, Content Square
 Strong understanding of HTML with the ability to code or communicate outward to development team
 A strong passion for transformative user experiences
 Bachelor’s degree in related field or demonstrated experience in lieu of degree
 VF Guiding Principles:  Live with Integrity, Act Courageously, Be Curious, Act with Empathy, and Preserve. 
 Where You Will Be Located
 Denver, CO 
 What’s in it  F  or  Y  ou
 We’re in the business of unleashing human potential, driven by the ideas, energy and commitment of our people. That’s why we offer comprehensive benefits that encourage mental, physical and financial well-being for all VF associates. When it comes to benefits, we’re the total package. Go to MyVFBenefits.com and click on “Looking to Join VF?” to learn more. 
 O  ur Parent Company, VF Corporation
 VF is one of the world’s largest apparel, footwear and accessories companies connecting people to the lifestyles, activities and experiences they cherish through our family of iconic outdoor, active and workwear brands. At the heart of our journey lies our company-wide purpose: We power movements of sustainable and active lifestyles for the betterment of people and our planet. This is our purpose. It’s the reason we come to work every day. It’s a commitment shared by our global associates across all brands. Our purpose unites us and leads us to pursue our goals, together. This is our calling. Learn more at vfc.com 
 We just have one question. Are you in  ?
 Salary Range:
 $77,760.00 USD - $116,640.00 USD annually
 Annual Incentive Eligibility  :
 This position is eligible to participate in VF's Annual Incentive Plan. Incentive Plan awards are contingent upon (1) achievement of your individual objectives and (2) VF achieving its' Corporate and business level financial objectives.
 Long Term Incentive Eligibility  :
 This position is not eligible for long term incentive.
 Benefits at VF  :
 You can review a general overview of each benefit program offered, including this year's medical plan rates on www.MyVFbenefits.com and clicking,  Looking to Join VF?  Detailed information on your benefits will be provided during your onboarding process. The North Face 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Digital Project Manager jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at The North Face in Denver, CO Digital Project Manager salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from The North Face The North Face 576 reviews The North Face®, a VF Corporation brand, is the premier exploration company in the world.  Founded in the counterculture of Berkeley, CA ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
