
 
 
 
 Post Doctoral Fellow - Computational Neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence - Atlanta, GA 30322 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doctoral Fellow - Computational Neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence Emory University 773 reviews Atlanta, GA 30322 Full-time Emory University 773 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Discover Your Career at Emory University:
 
Emory University is a leading research university that fosters excellence and attracts world-class talent to innovate today and prepare leaders for the future. We welcome candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of our academic community. 
Description:
 
The Post Doctoral Fellow of Computational Neuroscience and Artificial Intelligence helps design and conduct research in computational neuroscience and artificial intelligence while receiving advanced training from a designated Principal Investigator to enhance professional skills and research independence needed for pursuit of a career. 
JOB DESCRIPTION: 
Applies advanced machine learning algorithms to analyze and interpret electrophysiological data from the brain.
 Develops new ideas that promote current research.
 Prepares and publishes scientific manuscripts under the direction of the Principal Investigator.
 May be responsible for operation of specific equipment.
 Positions are temporary appointments as a research trainee. 
Postdoctoral fellow is an entry level position in which the research fellow receives training under close supervision of faculty in the Emory University, School of Medicine, Department of Biomedical Engineering”
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
A doctoral degree or equivalent (Ph.D., M.D., ScD., D.V.M., DDS etc) in an appropriate field. 
Excellent scientific writing ability and strong oral communication skills. 
The ability to work effectively and collegially with colleagues.
 Additional qualifications as specified by the Principal Investigator. 
NOTE: Position tasks are generally required to be performed in-person at an Emory University location. Remote work from home day options may be granted at department discretion. Emory reserves the right to change remote work status with notice to employee. 
Emory Supports a Diverse and Inclusive Culture:
 
To ensure the safety of our campus community, all unvaccinated faculty and staff are currently required to get a weekly screening test for COVID-19. 
Emory University is dedicated to providing equal opportunities and equal access to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, gender, genetic information, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, and veteran's status. Emory University does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or employment on the basis of any factor stated above or prohibited under applicable law. Students, faculty, and staff are assured of participation in University programs and in the use of facilities without such discrimination. Emory University complies with Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act, and applicable executive orders, federal and state regulations regarding nondiscrimination, equal opportunity and affirmative action. Emory University is committed to achieving a diverse workforce through application of its affirmative action, equal opportunity and nondiscrimination policy in all aspects of employment including recruitment, hiring, promotions, transfers, discipline, terminations, wage and salary administration, benefits, and training. Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to the Emory University Department of Equity and Inclusion, 201 Dowman Drive, Administration Building, Atlanta, GA 30322. Telephone:  404-727-9867  (V) | 404-712-2049 (TDD). 
Emory University is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities upon request. To request this document in an alternate format or to request a reasonable accommodation, please contact the Department of Accessibility Services at 404-727-9877 (V) | 404-712-2049 (TDD). Please note that one week advance notice is preferred. Emory University 25 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Emory University in Atlanta, GA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Emory University Emory University 773 reviews Emory University's mission is to create, preserve, teach, and apply knowledge in the service of humanity.To fulfill this mission, the uni... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
