
 
 
 
 Mechanical Engineer - Fremont, CA 94555 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Mechanical Engineer Facebook 631 reviews Fremont, CA 94555 Full-time Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Mechanical Engineering group supports all the Data Center product teams, such as AI/ML servers, storage, networking, connectivity and data centers. Each product team is responsible for building a specific piece of the infrastructure to connect people across the world. Facebook supports this effort through the Open Compute Project (OCP) where we seek to make Internet connectivity available to all. This is a unique opportunity to join our team and help us build the world’s most open and efficient connectivity platforms. This is a full-time position within the Mechanical Engineering group.
 Specification, design, prototyping and testing of devices and products for AI/ML server, storage, or network systems, for use in communication devices and data centers. 
Work closely with the hardware, thermal, software, supply chain and outside partner teams to ensure project goals and schedules are met. 
Validate product performance against requirements from many internal customers using design and simulation tools. 
Perform part and assembly level tolerance analysis, motion and performance studies. 
Quickly iterate through various design concepts, bringing them to life via fast prototypes that can be fabricated with assistance from our prototyping lab. 
Create test plans, design test equipment and undertake testing procedures to verify design performance. 
Create documentation and specifications suitable for prototyping, quoting and production. 
Work with contract manufacturing partners through the design-for-manufacturing process and engineering verification stages required to move the product from prototype to production. 
Understand different types of product packaging and the testing requirement. 
Support our manufacturing partners by working on-site with their overseas design and manufacturing teams. 
Bachelor’s degree in mechanical or mechatronic engineering or equivalent industry experience. 
3+ years of experience designing and shipping commercial products. 
Experience with 3D CAD software such as Creo or SolidWorks. 
Experience with analyzing and resolving issues cross functionally. 
Communication and documentation experience. 
5+ years of experience designing and shipping data center system equipment. 
Familiar with server, storage, network, machine learning systems, rack & power. 
Experience designing Sheetmetal enclosures. 
Experience designing plastic, die cast, extrusion and machined parts. 
End-to-end experience from concept creation to deployment of a product. 
Experience with owning a complete hardware system as a mechanical engineering lead. 
Experience optimizing product designs using FEA and CFD for shock and vibe, thermal and certification performance. 
Experienced with a variety of electronic interconnection types and their various performance pros and cons. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mechanical Engineer jobs in Fremont, CA Jobs at Facebook in Fremont, CA Mechanical Engineer salaries in Fremont, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
