
 
 
 
 User Researcher and Strategist - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search User Researcher and Strategist JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Plano, TX Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In order to create a best in class environment for our Engineering community, our team is looking for an experienced Researcher who can help us unpack and improve the experience for over 50,000 technologists across the firm. You will join an ambitious program that brings a voice of the Engineer to transform our tooling and processes, and untangle complex problems from ideation to delivery across the Software Development Lifecycle.
 We're looking for passionate and curious individuals who thrive in an innovative, collaborative and delivery-focused environment to perform deep analysis to create experience recommendations and strategies for our technology products. 
The Chief Technology Office Experience team is a growing team of UX specialists and UX generalists. As part of this team, you'll be driving user-centered design and modern development practices within product teams, using lean UX principles, spearheading design thinking workshops, and delivering solutions that help to improve the lives of people we work with across our product lines. This comes naturally to you, as evangelizing the user and continuous improvement are in your blood. You can turn something squishy into something actionable, and are open to scrapping your work and starting again. You'll work with other Researchers, Designers and Product and Engineering teams to ground product development in customer needs and understanding to deliver strong value-adding solutions with measurable outcomes.
 What you'll do : 
Define an end to end understanding of experiences across Products to articulate the current and future state experience 
 Create and execute research plans across qualitative and quantitative user research, moderate studies and analyze findings across the product lifecycle to articulate human-centered problems 
 Drive strategy and priorities through data analytics, outcome based measurements and clear, actionable recommendations 
 Support Software Engineers and Product teams in understanding their customer 
 Research and innovate solutions within our product areas like Artificial Intelligence model creation, Data Design, IT Service Management, DevOps and Continuous Integration 
 Communicate and articulate the value of UX and the rationale behind your research process and recommendations, bringing the team along your journey 
 
 Support the global technology experience teams in building and evolving research and measurement practices 
 
 Who you are :
 
 Bachelor's in UX/HCI or related field or equivalent experience, 3+ yrs of UX Research & Strategy experience 
 Experience with qualitative and quantitative research as well as agile / lean methodologies to choose the best methods for planning & execution of user research projects 
 Experience creating common user research outputs such as Personas, User Journeys, Empathy Maps and with tools such as Figma, Optimal Workshop, Userzoom or similar) 
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple priorities on concurrent, rigorous deadlines in a fast-paced environment 
 Strategic and critical thinking capabilities across business/technology vision, solutions, strategy, roadmaps and portfolio delivery 
 
 Optional Skills: 
 
Knowledge of industry standard development tooling (Jenkins, Continuous Integration and Delivery) 
 Knowledge/understanding of DevOps concepts 
 Advanced data visualization and analytics skills 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job User Experience Researcher jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Plano, TX User Experience Researcher salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
