
 
 
 
 Manager, Artificial Intelligence - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Artificial Intelligence Avanade 289 reviews Boston, MA Avanade 289 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Nothing artificial about your intelligence. Or your ability to use data to inform small and big decisions. Your next informed decision? Avanade.
 
Explore the opportunity below and see if Avanade is right for you.
 
Avanade and you
 As a business consultant, you know your clients’ needs inside and out. You have a unique ability to come at their problems from every angle, and you work with them side-by-side from the earliest groundwork to the final experience.
 
Together we go beyond
 We have bold ambitions and are always ready to add people to our diverse team so we can stretch the boundaries of innovation and success. 
 
The work
 You’ll bring your knowledge of what data analytics and AI can do—today and tomorrow. And you’ll work directly with clients and with Avanade technologists to create and realize ambitious, transformative plans. You’re joining Avanade to help us grow the part of the business that helps clients think big and develop strategies to push their capabilities and ambitions beyond what they currently envision. We’ll look to you to lead teams and initiatives.
 
The opportunity
 Avanade has been excelling at digital innovation on the Microsoft platform for two decades. We are building an advisory practice to provide end-to-end services that take full advantage of our experience and unique perspective. As part of this growing team, you’ll help us think and do big things in the cloud that will transform their operations.
 
The team
 You’re one of those people who walks into a situation and quickly figures out what needs to be done and the best way to do it. Now imagine being in a group with other people who share that same vision and drive. Look out, world! Our Advisory community embraces ambition, innovation, and curiosity to keep discovering the next new thing.
 
The work
 In the Advisory community, you’ll be surrounded by people who share your enthusiasm and/or skills. And you’ll be in a place that values different ideas, perspectives, and experiences. We ask everyone to bring their full, unique selves to Avanade, along with an openness to grow and change in their understanding of the world.
 
Your experience
 Likely includes 6+ years in consulting at a notable management or professional services firm, where you gained the ability to define Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Internet of Things (IoT) strategy and operating models. You’ve been an advisor/strategist on complex projects with budget, people, and accountability responsibilities.
 
Your skills
 You have skills in solving problems, working alone and with others, thinking critically and communicating effectively.
 
What we offer you
 
Distinctive experiences
 
Leading organizations—corporations, non-profits, government agencies—look to Avanade to help them make the most of their investment in Microsoft and to push the boundaries of digital innovation. The result? Interesting work that is well supported, always evolving, and sure to keep you engaged and interested.
 
Limitless learning
 
We give lifelong learners a rich menu to choose from, drawing from our relationship with Microsoft and other partners. We’ll back you up as you pursue big ideas and give you honest feedback to move forward advance your growth and our clients’.
 
Ambitious growth
 
We think big and achieve, knowing we have a global team of people who are just as passionate about innovating as we are and eager to grow with us. Growth at Avanade doesn’t have to look like a traditional ascent up the career ladder (although that is an option). We welcome people to go deep into their specialties and to embrace agility and go after new skills in different areas of the business
 
Total rewards
 
We are always looking for ways to elevate our employee experience to give our people opportunities to share in Avanade's success. In addition to a competitive salary and attractive benefits, we offer an employee stock purchase plan, recognition programs with awards tied to them, and additional perks like flexible work arrangements and thriving employee networks.
 
We’re interested in getting to know you and figuring out what we can do together. Hit Apply Now and let’s start the conversation.
 
#Vizi Avanade 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Manager jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Avanade in Boston, MA Business Intelligence Manager salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Avanade Avanade 289 reviews Avanade is the leading provider of innovative digital and cloud services, business solutions and design-led experiences on the Microsoft ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
