
 
 
 
 Applied Research Scientist - Portal AI Speech Processing (PhD) - Burlingame, CA 94010 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Research Scientist - Portal AI Speech Processing (PhD) Facebook 631 reviews Burlingame, CA 94010 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Portal team brings together world-class experts to develop and ship groundbreaking products at the intersection of hardware, software, and content. We have a clear mandate to ship products at scale. In particular, seemingly impossible products that define new categories and that advance Facebook's mission of connecting the world. To enable new experiences the Portal AI team is tasked with inventing and developing cutting-edge technologies that make Portal products give people the experience of being there. We’re looking for talented Machine Learning Applied Researchers to build techniques that are central to creating audio and video-based technologies for Portal products. The ideal candidate has a good understanding of Speech processing and has applied machine learning techniques to audio problems. 
Develop and implement algorithms in the areas of machine intelligence and speech processing. 
Evaluate future platforms capabilities and performance. 
Participate in innovative research in speech processing. 
Collaborate with cross-functional hardware and software teams to incorporate their innovations and vice versa. 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD in Computer Science or related field with a specialization in Speech Processing. 
Proven track record of achieving significant results as demonstrated by grants, or fellowships, as well as first-authored publications in top conferences like ICASSP, INTERSPEECH etc. 
3+ years of experience working on ML problems in academic or professional research setting. 
Interpersonal experience: cross-group and cross-culture collaboration. 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Experience in shipping machine learning product to customers. 
3+ years experience developing software in Python or Java. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Burlingame, CA Jobs at Facebook in Burlingame, CA Research Scientist salaries in Burlingame, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
