
 
 
 
 Senior Computer Vision Engineer - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Computer Vision Engineer Invisible AI Austin, TX Remote About Invisible AI 
 Invisible AI, founded in 2018 in the San Francisco Bay Area, offers a computer vision platform to reduce manufacturing costs associated with manual assembly errors. Our edge-based AI-enabled cameras track body posture and movement to help complete the story of what is happening on an assembly line to prevent any mistakes. We have raised just over $4M in our seed round. Our main offices are located in San Francisco, CA, Ann Arbor, MI and expanding into Austin, TX. 
 Location: 
Austin, TX 
 
Remote 
 
 Recent Projects Include: 
1. Writing a machine learning pipeline from scratch based on a paper released on Arxiv. This project included developing the dataset loader, augmentation functions, deep learning model, and loss functions — the whole nine yards. And that was just a Tuesday. 
2. Developing a new probabilistic model to track critical work in manufacturing facilities while ignoring day-to-day variations 
3. Constraining the problem space creatively in order to develop a practical solution that can be deployed across facilities with very little fine tuning 
4. Working on novel labeling methods with the data infrastructure team to reduce labeling costs while improving model outputs 
5. Implementing new loss functions or model architectures so cool they would make waves at CVPR, when you deign to eventually share them 
6. Using the temporal and consistent nature of video to reduce false positives in a deep learning model while exploring what’s possible in unsupervised object detection 
An Ideal Candidate Would: 
1. Have a research and problem solving background given complex problems 
2. Have built or worked on deep learning training pipelines 
3. Have worked on robotics and computer vision algorithms (ex: frame transformations, camera calibration, optical flow, etc.) 
4. Have the ability to quickly hit the ground running and build training pipelines 
5. Be passionate about AI and is ready to take risks in a fast-paced startup environment 
Benefits 
1. Competitive compensation and equity packages 
2. Health, vision and dental insurance 
3. Flexible vacation schedule Invisible AI 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Vision Engineer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Invisible AI in Austin, TX Computer Vision Engineer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Invisible AI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
