
 
 
 
 Manager, Advanced Applications - Ultrasound Imaging - Issaquah, WA 98029 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Advanced Applications - Ultrasound Imaging Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews Issaquah, WA 98029 Full-time Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Now’s our time to inspire the future of healthcare together. 
At Siemens Healthineers, we are passionate about enabling healthcare professionals to deliver high quality patient care, and to do so affordably. A leading global healthcare company, Siemens Healthineers continues to strengthen our portfolio of medical imaging and laboratory diagnostics, while adding new offerings such as managed services, consulting, and healthcare IT services – as well as further technologies in the growing market for therapeutic and molecular diagnostics. 
Siemens Healthineers develops innovations that support better patient outcomes with greater efficiencies, giving providers the confidence, they need to meet the clinical, operational and financial challenges of a changing healthcare landscape. Join our team now at Siemens Healthineers as the  Manager of Advanced Applications - Ultrasound 
This is a role well suited to an ambitious professional, looking for the next step in their career. As the Manager of Advanced Applications, you will be responsible for: 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and drive our Advanced Applications strategy and roadmap across the products. 
Provide technical leadership and expertise for research and development of clinical applications. 
Recruit, train, and mentor a team of ultrasound scientists and engineers. 
Investigate new and developing technologies as they appear in industry and academia and determine how to leverage these new technologies into our Ultrasound solutions. 
Develop a comprehensive strategy to enable development and FDA approval of clinical solutions. 
This position may suit you best if you are familiar with what is below, and would like to do develop your career with Healthineers: 
Primary Purpose 
The Manager of Advanced Applications Ultrasound Imaging will help to define and execute a comprehensive strategy for leveraging image/signal processing and AI technologies to improve Ultrasound imaging and productivity, improve operational excellence and implement closed loop systems to improve clinical effectiveness and diagnostic confidence across the our products. You will work with multiple organizations on strategic cross-functional initiatives to drive the development and delivery clinical solutions. 
Required skills to have for the success of this role: 
MS or PhD in Computer Science or related fields 
5+ years of progressive Ultrasound or Medical Imaging experience, with 3+ years in a technology strategy and leadership position. 
Hands-on experience in the design, development, and delivery of complex, clinical solutions. 
Expertise in a broad range of Ultrasound imaging areas, including artificial intelligence and the application of these technologies to solving business problems. 
Previous experience working in medical device setting 
You have good PC skills (MS Office software like Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook) and other computational software packages. 
At Siemens Healthineers, we value those who dedicate their energy and passion to a greater cause. Our people make us unique as an employer in the med-tech industry. What unites and motivates our global team is the inspiration of our common purpose: To innovate for healthcare, building on our remarkable legacy of pioneering ideas that translate into even better healthcare products and services. We recognize that taking ownership of our work allows both us and the company to grow. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment and the space to move beyond your comfort zone to grow both personally and professionally. 
If you want to join us in transforming the way healthcare is delivered, visit our career site at https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/careers 
If you wish to find out more about the specific before applying, please visit: https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/about. 
As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities. 
LI-WC1 
Organization:  Siemens Healthineers 
Company:  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Imaging Manager jobs in Issaquah, WA Jobs at Siemens Healthineers in Issaquah, WA Imaging Manager salaries in Issaquah, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Healthineers Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews At Siemens Healthineers USA, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
