
 
 
 
 Data Annotation Specialist (part-time) - Playa Vista, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Annotation Specialist (part-time) Steady Platform Playa Vista, CA Remote Contract Employer actively reviewed job 2 days ago Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Steady  is looking for a remote  Data Annotation Specialist .  This is a flexible, independent-contractor role, requiring 20 hours of work per week that can be performed anytime between 7am and 9pm EST. 
 Responsibilities 
 We are looking for a sharp, highly-motivated Data Annotation Specialist to support our Data Science team in training artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) algorithms. You will help us derive intelligence from our financial- and jobs-related data by identifying and linking employers across multiple datasets. We are looking for detail-oriented individuals who will collaborate with our team, label large amounts of data, and provide feedback to our data scientists and engineers to create high-quality labeled data sets. 
 As a Data Annotation Specialist, you will: 
 Use advanced analytic tools to label, tag and categorize various elements in large datasets 
Interact with data science and data engineering teams to design new features for more efficient labeling techniques 
QA existing labels based on what you learn during your training and onboarding 
Gain an in-depth knowledge of using both commercial and custom data labeling software tools 
Evaluate metrics to help improve productivity 
Keep project manager informed of platform enhancement ideas, risks, and issues 
 Skills & Requirements 
 Detail-oriented and patient. 
Must be reliable, have good initiative, committed and quality focused. 
Communicate clearly using excellent written and verbal skills. 
Able to work in a fast-paced environment, learn quickly and be able to prioritize assignments. 
Passionate and curious about technology. 
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and/or GSuite is a plus. 
Comfortable working cross-functionally with different parts of the organization and with distributed teams across multiple offices and timezones. 
 
 
 About Steady 
 Steady is a mission-driven business that helps people earn more. Through the free Steady app users can build & track income, networks, and buying power – allowing them to augment retirement savings, work around childcare responsibilities, pay down debt, save for purchases, and supplement their income from primary employers, while limiting their income volatility and better positioning themselves for access to a sustainable financial services ecosystem. 
 Every Steady member will build something different. We celebrate those who take the initiative to create a path that works for them. Whatever that looks like, Steady is there to support it, providing a stable foundation that allows people to build financial success over a lifetime. 
 Mission: Steady turns the tables by putting workers back in charge of their financial future with an income-building platform that creates financial stability and helps its users to take charge of their future. 
 For more information, visit us at www.steadyapp.com (http://www.steadyapp.com/) or on Twitter @TheSteadyApp. 
 Steady, Platform Inc. (Steady) is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer – All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual's age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Steady accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Steady employees, Steady hiring manager, or send to any Steady facility. Steady is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes. Steady Platform 19 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Specialist jobs in Playa Vista, CA Jobs at Steady Platform in Playa Vista, CA Data Specialist salaries in Playa Vista, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Steady Platform Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
