
 
 
 
 FourthBrain - Machine Learning Instructor - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search FourthBrain - Machine Learning Instructor AI Fund Remote Remote Part-time Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Who We Are 
About FourthBrain: FourthBrain aims to launch candidates into careers in Artificial Intelligence by bridging the gap between employers and qualified candidates via real world applications and hands-on training. Students will now have the opportunity to learn next-generation artificial intelligence applications, theories, methods, and systems. FourthBrain will run a blended-learning program that trains candidates to become machine-learning experts and positions them for careers in AI. 
About AI Fund: FourthBrain is backed by AI Fund, a venture studio that harnesses the use of artificial intelligence to create innovative solutions for the big challenges of today. With the collective aspirations of our co-founders, we build companies from inception to market launch. We innovate, ideate, and validate to address some of the most pressing issues in human capital, healthcare, wellness, and other traditional industries. Founded in 2017 by Dr. Andrew Ng, the $176 million-dollar funded venture studio is backed by top-tier VC firms and investors, along with the AI Fund teams’ combined experiences as AI pioneers, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, and operators. 
What You Will be Doing: 
The  Instructor  will work closely with the Curriculum Development Director at FourthBrain to leverage their technical skills in ML to manage a cohort of students in a part-time ML training program. We offer programs in Machine Learning Engineering and Machine Learning Operations and Systems. The instructor is responsible for facilitating live class sessions, preparing class materials, and providing feedback and guidance to each student. Your experience as an educator, technical skills in the AI space, and ability to communicate will all be critical for this role. 
 
 Please note that at this time, this role is limited to individuals in the US.
 What You Will Be Doing: 
 Deliver live class session(s) for a total of 5-6 hours each week. These sessions will be on the weekends or evenings (schedule is variable by cohort, but consistent throughout the entire program) 
Manage the digital classroom, including releasing curriculum materials and assignments on a weekly basis 
Evaluate and grade assignments 
Provide regular guidance and feedback on capstone projects 
Hold office hours (60-90 mins) a week, which could be on evenings and weekends, to assist students with their weekly work 
Collect feedback from students and industry experts to continuously iterate on learning modules 
Partner with Curriculum Director on updates and modifications to curriculum and projects 
Partner with Career Education to identify key areas of development 
 What You Must Bring: 
 Technical background in machine learning, math and programming 
Expert level proficiency in using Machine learning packages for Python; experience with Tensorflow 
Experience with instructional design best practices as well as experience designing and teaching technical courses 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Bachelors in STEM / AI / CS, or equivalent industry experience in areas like software development, machine learning or data science. 
 It's Nice if You Have: 
 Masters in AI, CS or related field 
Previous experience as an instructor or lecturer in the areas of AI, machine learning, data science, robotics or similar 
Professional experience in AI or ML roles 
Interest in student engagement, motivation, and teaching 
 Characteristics: 
 Accountability:  an obligation or willingness to accept responsibility or to account for one's actions while doing so with the highest regard for integrity. 
Leadership:  able to influence others to follow you and lead the team to a brighter future. 
Grit.  able to stick with projects and work hard through good and bad times. High pain tolerance and can perform well under stress or pressure. 
Scrappy:  Takes initiative and proactively gets things done with low resources, but doing creative things, begging, borrowing, and whatever is needed in an ambiguous environment or situation 
Ownership orientation:  Demonstrated orientation of extreme ownership over all aspects of the company and extremely results-driven in nature. 
 At AI Fund and FourthBrain, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. AI Fund and FourthBrain believe that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as a company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. Selection for employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. 
 Collapse AI Fund 30+ days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at AI Fund in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from AI Fund Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
