
 
 
 
 International Operations Specialist - London - London, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search International Operations Specialist - London ANDURIL INDUSTRIES London, OH Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Anduril is a defense technology company, bringing Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector. Our technology helps our customers solve their toughest challenges by enabling them to make better, more informed decisions in life-and-death situations. We’ve assembled a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis that are creating software and hardware solutions to radically evolve the capabilities of the United States and our allies. If you are passionate about solving problems that have real impact, come join Anduril and build the future of defense. 
Anduril is looking for an international operations specialist to join our rapidly growing international team. As the international operations specialist, you’ll be responsible for the London office and supporting various internal operational functions. The job can range widely in duties and responsibilities, from hosting VIPs, managing vendors, building furniture, and supporting international logistics. 
 
 
WHAT YOU'LL DO 
Overseeing day-to-day general office operations which will include cross-functional coordination with Business Development, Executive Assistance, IT, Internal Operations, Logistics, etc. teams. 
Greeting and hosting visitors to support our business development and growth teams. This may entail coordinating with vendors for catering, supporting demonstrations, and having a high level understanding of our products. 
Shipping and receiving parcel and freight which will require coordination with the US-based Logistics team. Communications with clients, freight forwarders, and customs brokers will be required. 
Understanding how to handle dangerous goods and battery shipping. 
General understanding of import/export compliance across EMEA. 
Overlapping support to Middle East support as we grow. 
Purchasing office supplies and equipment and maintaining proper stock levels. 
Coordinating internal team events and external client events. 
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS 
Strong organizational and time management skills, and ability to prioritize 
Strong independent worker who can drive outcomes with minimal oversight 
Must possess excellent problem solving, organizational and verbal & written communication skills 
Strong attention to detail and an attitude of 100% compliance with all company and regulatory requirements 
Ability to work across teams in a collaborative manner 
Move fast to solve problems 
Must be proficient with Microsoft Office products 
Up to 25% travel to US offices and across EMEA 
 
 
Anduril is an equal-opportunity employer, and we encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. If you are someone passionate to work on problems that matter, we’d love to hear from you! ANDURIL INDUSTRIES 1 day ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Associate jobs in London, OH Jobs at ANDURIL INDUSTRIES in London, OH Operations Associate salaries in London, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from ANDURIL INDUSTRIES Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
