
 
 
 
 Manager, Broadcasting - New York, NY 10154 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Broadcasting National Football League 426 reviews New York, NY 10154 Full-time National Football League 426 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary
 The Manager of Broadcasting helps to create the playing schedule, attends games and oversees game broadcasts each weekend, helps optimize the distribution of those games on Sunday afternoon, and implements the commercial policy guidelines by working with the broadcast partners and managing the broadcast representative and commercial sideline coordinator (green hat) programs.
 Responsibilities
 Participate in all aspects of creation of playing schedule, from meetings with network partners and solicitation of Club feedback to daily meetings with scheduling team analyzing contender schedules and making key decisions on schedule requirements.
 Support department Director and VP working closely with outside agencies on development of machine learning/artificial intelligence tools to better gauge and predict fan interest in specific matchups.
 Liaise with internal research team to inform ratings predictions for key scheduling decisions both during the schedule creation process and during in-season “flex” period.
 Lead weekly in-season meetings with network regionalization and programming teams to ensure best possible game assignment decisions for fans and Clubs and maximize viewership of Sunday afternoon windows.
 Conduct robust weekly analysis of NFL game viewership/analytic trends across key media markets. Prepare weekly summary of game distribution recommendations for department to help ensure the “right games are getting into the right markets” in every window.
 Gameday liaison between GDA’s, network TV partners, and Game Ops team to coordinate break administration and ensure quality control regarding broadcast operations from Gameday Command Center on Sunday Afternoons.
 Serve as onsite League broadcast representative for key national television broadcasts, including postseason games.
 Aide in development and enforcement of key League policies. Document issues/violations and track their respective resolutions throughout the season working with network partners and across League departments.
 Support department Director by handling day-to-day management of 70+ GDA’s (Green Hats and National Game Reps) including gameday oversight, scheduling, budget, payroll, expenses, recruitment, and offseason training.
 Required Qualifications
 4-year College degree preferred but not required.
 3-5 years’ experience in sports broadcasting and/or data & analytics
 Ability to make key decisions in real-time, high pressure environments
 Microsoft Word/Excel/PowerPoint
 Other Key Attributes/Characteristics
 Interpersonal skills, teamwork, time management
 Travel
 Position requires 2-3 weekends per month travel during NFL regular season and likely every weekend during postseason, including full week on site for Super Bowl and Draft.
 Terms/Expected Hours of Work
 Role will require 40 hours per week in office, plus nights/weekends/travel as necessary.
 FLSA exempt.
 The NFL places a priority on having an in-person workplace, which enables us to more effectively collaborate, connect and build a workplace culture that will drive our continued success. We remain steadfast in our belief that working together as a team, in our physical office spaces, is critical to the successful execution of our season. For those reasons, we expect employees to work from an NFL office five days a week, except in limited circumstances permitted by NFL policy.
 The NFL is committed to building a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment that reflects our incredibly diverse fan base. We provide an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all employees and applicants without regard to status as protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
 We also continue to prioritize the health and safety of our NFL workforce. Consistent with that commitment, in light of the substantial and growing body of evidence that vaccinations remain the most effective protection against the spread the COVID-19, we  require  that members of our NFL workforce be fully vaccinated. Exceptions are available only for those who need an accommodation for a qualifying disability or sincerely held religious belief or practice. 
 
 Bachelor's Degree National Football League 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Broadcaster jobs in New York, NY Jobs at National Football League in New York, NY Broadcaster salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Football League National Football League 426 reviews The National Football League is comprised of 32 US-based franchises that compete each year to win the Super Bowl, the world's most famous... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
