
 
 
 
 Data Engineer III - Portland, OR 97203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Engineer III Momentive 23 reviews Portland, OR 97203 Momentive 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who we are and what we do 
 
Momentive (formerly SurveyMonkey) is a leader in agile experience management, delivering powerful, purpose-built solutions that bring together the best parts of humanity and technology to redefine AI. Momentive products, including GetFeedback, SurveyMonkey, and its brand and market insights solutions, empower decision-makers at 345,000 organizations worldwide to shape exceptional experiences. More than 20 million active users rely on Momentive to fuel market insights, brand insights, employee experience, customer experience, and product experience. Ultimately, the company's vision is to raise the bar for human experiences by amplifying individual voices. Learn more at momentive.ai. 
 
More about our Data Infrastructure Team 
 
You will sit within the central data organization at Momentive and help provide applicable insights. This team builds robust, extensible, and scalable data and BI solutions. These solutions could be a combination of source-of-truth datasets, daily/hourly pipelines, dashboards, visualization tools, and alerting. You will report directly to the Sr. Manager of Data Engineering. 
 
What we're looking for 
 
We are looking for a data engineer to join a team of experienced data engineers and data architects to build and manage the end-to-end data pipelines (batch and streaming) using modern cloud technologies. 
 
You will 
 
 Design, architect and build data pipelines to support existing data models 
 Data quality: build quality checks in the end-to-end data pipelines 
 Build new Data models (Fact vs Dimension). Write performant/idempotent transformations in Snowflake 
 Build data pipeline using Python scripting (in a modular/loop context) Write well-tested, production ready code in Python and Snowflake SQL 
 Hands-on experience implementing ETL (or ELT) best practices 
 Translate requirements, to technical specifications, form project scope, and provide deployable code. 
 Write complex data engineering Snowflake - SQL jobs that perform queries on the entirety of our datasets 
 
 You have 
 
 5+ years experience in data engineering and Data warehousing technologies 
 3+ years experience in Snowflake/ETL 
 Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools using Airflow, Luigi etc. 
 Experience with AWS cloud services: S3, EC2, RDS etc 
 Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, Scala, etc. 
 Experience in scheduling, automating and deploying production data pipelines using Airflow/Luigi, etc 
 Experience with tools such as DBT, Matillion or Talend other similar technologies 
 Experience with transforming, developing data structures, metadata, dependency and data workflows to support an Analytics function 
 In-depth knowledge of Data lakes, EDW concepts, data modeling (Star, Snowflake and Galaxy schemas) 
 
 What we offer our employees 
 
Momentive is a place where the curious come to grow and shape what's next. By embedding inclusion into our processes, policies, and culture for our 1,400+ employees across North America, Europe, and APAC, we're building a workplace where people of every background can excel. We've won multiple awards and received recognition for our forward-looking policies, including extended parental and bereavement leave, vendor benefits standards, and Take 4 sabbaticals. 
 
Momentive is featured as a Glassdoor 2021 Best Place to Work and National Capital Region's Top Employer in Canada (2021). In 2020, Momentive was recognized as a top place to work by Glassdoor Best Places to Work, Fortune Best Places to Work in the Bay Area, Parity.org's Best Companies for Women to Advance, and National Capital Region's Top Employers in Canada. Momentive has consistently been recognized by Great Place to Work® and Fortune as a top workplace since 2018, and we have also won numerous awards as a leader in global survey software, including being named among the G2 Best Software Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, and the Forbes Cloud 100. 
 
Our commitment to an inclusive workplace 
 
Momentive is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We celebrate the unique differences of our employees because that is what drives curiosity, innovation, and the success of our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information, political affiliation, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities. 
 
Learn more about our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts  here. momentive 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Portland, OR Jobs at Momentive in Portland, OR Data Engineer salaries in Portland, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Momentive Momentive 23 reviews Momentive (NASDAQ: MNTV) (formerly SurveyMonkey) is a leader in agile experience management, delivering powerful, purpose-built solutions... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
