
 
 
 
 Executive Assistant - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Executive Assistant Northeastern University 623 reviews Boston, MA Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job no:  507101 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus 
 Categories:  Provost’s Office 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
About the Institute: 
Do you want to be part of an exciting new Institute focused on the fusion of human and machine intelligence into working AI solutions? 
 
We are launching a pioneering research and innovation hub in AI—one that will shape the way humans and machines collaborate. Led by Dr. Usama Fayyad, the Institute for Experiential AI (IEAI) is built around the challenges and opportunities made possible by human-machine collaboration. The institute provides a framework to design, implement, and scale AI-driven technologies in ways that make a true difference to society. Our ability to respond to the opportunities afforded to society will depend on training and building a workforce that is AI-capable. Located in Portland, Maine, with the goal of growing the Maine tech economy, the Roux Institute will be a center of activity for the Institute’s efforts. 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
The Culture: 
Here at the Institute of Experiential AI (IEAI) we are committed to the highest of standards in all that we do. Working at the Institute of Experiential AI offers opportunities, an environment, a culture that just aren’t found together anywhere else. This is the right place for you if you’re curious, motivated by the future of technology and want to be part of a unique community that works on high-impact business and societal problems. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
Summary: 
The successful candidate will thrive in a fast-paced environment, where assignments include interacting with high-level internal and external stakeholders. This position requires a candidate with excellent project management and organization, proactive planning, adaptability, and a customer service focus who will respond with flexibility to a wide variety of multiple and shifting priorities. This position reports to Prof. Jennifer Dy, Director of AI Faculty. 
 
This is a fantastic opportunity for a high-performance executive assistant to be part of growing with the Institute of Experiential AI and getting exposed to all areas of running operations and communications for the Institute. The ideal candidate will enjoy wearing many hats and adding value through innovative thinking, creativity while at the same time having the ability to work through and with the existing structures and processes of the University. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Qualifications 
 Minimum of 10 years of general administrative roles in either enterprise corporations or medium-sized companies. Experience in higher education preferred but not a must. Excellent verbal and written communication skills needed with ability to interact with tact and diplomacy amongst a wide variety of stakeholders both internal and external to the university or firm. Must be a self-motivated worker who can anticipate problems and demonstrate significant independent judgement. Must be able to take initiative and follow through on tasks independently. Must have high standards of professional conduct and a demonstrated record of dependability and a strong work ethic. Experience and comfort handling confidential and/or proprietary information. Must be detail-oriented with a high level of attention to accuracy and completeness and superior office/time management capabilities. Must have excellent Microsoft Office and overall computer skills, as well as the ability to learn new software and web based programs. Ability to quickly learn established processes and push through workflows effectively. Calendar management for the leadership team. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Values & Abilities: 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to communicate effectively with academia and industry. Comfortable in speaking up and navigating complex internal processes and structures. Entrepreneurial mindset, self-starter and innovative thinker while at the same time being able to navigate multi-layered channels within the University and working across multiple teams. Team-player who can collaborative effectively across many teams within the University. Open-minded and assertive when collaborating and working within our team and with other groups within Northeastern University. Must be able to speak up in both academic and industry conversations. 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 10 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  25 Aug 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Executive Assistant jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Northeastern University in Boston, MA Executive Assistant salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
