
 
 
 
 MD or PhD Scientist w/Computational Pathology/Artificial Intelligence - Jacksonville, FL 32099 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MD or PhD Scientist w/Computational Pathology/Artificial Intelligence Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Jacksonville, FL 32099 Full-time Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Jacksonville 
State 
Florida 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Laboratory Medicine & Pathology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Join the authority in medicine and partner with the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report 2020-2021), ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. At Mayo Clinic, we believe there is a better path to healing that humanizes the practice of health care and inspires hope in the people who need it most. You will be part of an amazing diverse team committed to solving the most serious and complex medical challenges - one patient at a time. 
Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits . Eligibility may vary. 
Position description 
The selected candidate will lead the strategy and development of the newly formed Division of Clinical Informatics with the goal of converting Mayo Clinic data into better diagnoses and outcomes for patients. Informatics and computational medicine are a major component of Mayo's institutional strategy. This person will have access to the tremendous resources of Mayo Clinic to help assemble a team and pursue collaborative solutions that connect data, people and processes. This person will have the opportunity to be a leader in evolving global medicine and diagnostics through their role in the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathology (DLMP). The ideal candidate will have an MD/DO and/or PhD with experience in digital pathology, data analytics, and/or artificial intelligence. Strong computational pathology and clinical informatics expertise required. The faculty member will be focused on the continuous mission of improving the quality of care through creating a world-class program in laboratory-based informatics and lead the digital revolution in pathology. 
Specific Responsibilities: 
Lead in the development and implementation of the department's strategic vision 
Build and scale the Clinical Informatics Division to support the mission of DLMP 
Establish Mayo Clinic as a leader in the application of digital pathology 
Leverage the Mayo Clinic archive of 20M+ slides, extend informatics solutions to over 4,000 domestic and international clients of Mayo Clinic Laboratories, and contribute to value-based medicine and pharma diagnostic business units 
Build models using historical clinical data to improve clinical outcomes 
Develop and evaluate clinical informatics tools and solutions, working in a coordinated manner with Mayo Clinic Platform and the center for digital health 
Develop strategic and research partnerships and leverage existing partnerships to enable innovation 
Set and communicate team/individual objectives and KPIs to inspire individuals to achieve high performance and regularly report to the executive leadership team on the progress toward those KPIs, other business goals and profitability targets 
Identify and recruit internal/external talent to ensure effective mix of skills and abilities. Once hired, ensure onboarding process is effective and efficient in order to quickly maximize performance 
License or certification 
Education: M.D./D.O. and/or PhD degree required with experience in digital pathology, data analytics, and/or artificial intelligence 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Jacksonville is the largest city in area in the continental United States. A beautiful coastal Florida city that features excellent year-round climate, over 20 miles of beaches and outstanding outdoor recreational, cultural and family-oriented amenities. The "River City by the Sea" has an excellent school system, reasonable cost of living and a thriving business environment. Medical professionals and patients are drawn to Jacksonville by an extraordinary network of high-profile healthcare facilities. Jacksonville continues to grow as more people relocate from all over the U.S. and abroad, to see what the great River City has to offer! 
Category 
Physicians & Scientists 
Specialty 
Laboratory Medicine & Pathology 
Job posting number 
155821BR 
Recruiter 
David Binder 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Jacksonville, FL Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, FL Scientist salaries in Jacksonville, FL Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
