
 
 
 
 AGRICULTURAL TECHNICIAN III (SEASONAL) - San Bernardino County, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AGRICULTURAL TECHNICIAN III (SEASONAL) California Public Utilities Commission 40 reviews San Bernardino County, CA $17.64 - $20.05 an hour  -   Non-tenure California Public Utilities Commission 40 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $17.64 - $20.05 an hour Job Type Non-tenure Full Job Description Job Description and Duties 
 Per CCR 249.3, this job control may be used to fill subsequent vacancies. 
 Function #1 – Outreach, Education and Training – 40% 
 Establish and maintain contact with poultry and bird producers and backyard flock owners, feed stores, Live Bird Markets, and auctions. 
 Organize and plan outreach and education activities in multiple counties throughout southern California. 
 Contact California feed stores, swap meets, auctions, bird markets to provide outreach materials regarding poultry diseases, such as virulent Newcastle disease (vND) and Avian Influenza (AI). 
 Contact bird groups and backyard flock owners in the area to further communicate message of poultry diseases. 
 Train producers, retail store owners, and backyard flock owners in the practice of proper biosecurity protocols. 
 Organize and disseminate biosecurity training tools to industry stakeholders. 
 Gather data related to each poultry owner, included locations, number of birds, type of birds, and interaction with surrounding producers and enter in database. 
 Contact and work with other local government agencies and animal shelters. 
 Handle calls from the public on the sick bird hotline and follow up with poultry owners regarding their cases. 
 Function # 2 – Active and Passive surveillance for vND and AI - 30% 
 Lead surveillance teams for the Avian Health Program as directed by the Supervising Veterinarian. 
 Organize and plan disease surveillance activities in one or more counties. 
 Lead crew in disease surveillance activities in one or more counties. 
 Direct disease outbreak response activities in one or more counties. 
 Maintain the Sick Bird Hotline and take calls from the public, providing assistance to them and initiating Animal Disease Investigations. 
 Coordinate with the California Animal health and Food Safety laboratory for submitting, shipping and processing surveillance samples. 
 Function #3 – Provide oversight to other Agricultural Technicians – 10% 
 Ensure that programs and functions in the field are being executed properly and according to science-based principles and regulations. 
 Develop and maintain the knowledge and expertise to serve as a resource for issues related to programs and functions. 
 Plan and organize the work assignments of the agricultural technicians. 
 Develop schedules and assignments for agricultural technicians in coordination with the Supervising Veterinarian. 
 Candidates may perform these essential functions with or without reasonable accommodation. 
You will find additional information about the job in the  Duty Statement . 
 Working Conditions 
 The duties of this position are conducted both indoors and outdoors and may occasionally require work under difficult conditions. 
 Regular or recurring telework may occur as part of the incumbent’s ongoing regular schedule in accordance with CDFAs Telework Policy. 
 Indoor activities may include: 
 Working in poultry facilities at various locations. 
 Operating a computer with various software programs including e-mail and word processing. 
 Entering information in a computer database. 
 Operating an office or cellular phone, fax, calculator, and copier. 
 Operating various filing drawers and bins. 
 Processing paperwork and samples. 
 Outdoor activities may include: 
 Inspecting poultry at farms, ranches, and other facilities. 
 Obtaining samples from poultry at farms, ranches, and other facilities. 
 Frequent travel, by State vehicle or other modes of transportation, to various locations 
in-state, out-of-state, or out-of-country for assignments, exercises or meetings. 
 The incumbent may encounter: 
 Confrontational, unfriendly or irate individuals. 
 Quickly moving heavy gates and heavy machinery. 
 Extremes in duty environmental conditions to include variations in temperature, wind, elevated noise levels, and various unpleasant odors. 
 This position involves regular close contact with: 
 Animals of various sizes and temperament. 
 Knives, needles and other sharp instruments. 
 Potentially hazardous materials and chemicals. 
 
 Minimum Requirements 
You will find the Minimum Requirements in the Class Specification. 
AGRICULTURAL TECHNICIAN III (SEASONAL) 
 Additional Documents 
 Job Application Package Checklist 
Duty Statement 
 Position Details 
 Job Code #:   JC-263860
 Position #(s): 
 014-117-0032-XXX 
 Working Title:   Agricultural Technician III (Seasonal) 
 Classification:   AGRICULTURAL TECHNICIAN III (SEASONAL)
 $17.64 - $20.05
 # of Positions:   2
 Work Location:   San Bernardino County
 Job Type:   Non-Tenured, Intermittent
 Department Information 
 The Animal Health Branch (AHB) functions as California’s organized, professional veterinary medical unit to protect public health, animal agriculture, and the economy from catastrophic animal diseases and other related health and agricultural problems. AHB addresses livestock diseases and issues that require statewide coordinated resources; implements programs that protect public health and animal agriculture; and ensures the availability, affordability, and wholesomeness of food. 
 One of the responsibilities of the Animal Health Branch is the early detection and prompt eradication of serious animal diseases in California. This is accomplished through the operation of statewide emergency disease eradication projects/programs, such as the current avian health mitigation program (CAHEN: California Avian Health and Education Network), and the mobilization of emergency response teams when necessary that are comprised of a mixture of professional, administrative, and technical staff. 
 
 Application Instructions 
 Dates printed on Mobile Bar Codes, such as the Quick Response (QR) Codes available at the USPS, are not considered Postmark dates for the purpose of determining timely filing of an application.
 Final Filing Date: Until Filled
 Who May Apply 
 This is a non-testing Classification, therefore, anyone meeting the Minimum Qualifications listed on the Classification Specification may apply for this position. Individuals in specific programs, such as the Welfare to Work Program, are encouraged to apply and will be given priority according to the applicable Laws and Rules. Please note on your application your current participation in these programs.
 
 
Applications will be screened and only the most qualified applicants will be selected to move forward in the selection process. Applicants must meet the Minimum Qualifications stated in the Classification Specification(s).
 How To Apply 
 Complete Application Packages (including your Examination/Employment Application (STD 678) and applicable or required documents) must be submitted to apply for this Job Posting. Application Packages may be submitted electronically through your CalCareer Account at www.CalCareers.ca.gov. When submitting your application in hard copy, a completed copy of the Application Package listing must be included. If you choose to not apply electronically, a hard copy application package may be submitted through an alternative method listed below: 
 Address for Mailing Application Packages 
 You may submit your application and any applicable or required documents to: 
 Department of Food & Agriculture
 Attn: Human Resources Branch JC-263860
 1220 N Street, Room 242
 Sacramento, CA 95814
 Address for Drop-Off Application Packages 
 You may drop off your application and any applicable or required documents at: 
 Department of Food & Agriculture
 Human Resources Branch JC-263860
 1220 N Street, Room 242
 Sacramento, CA 95814
 ELECTRONIC APPLICATION IS PREFERRED. All mail or drop-off applications must include JC-263860
 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
 Required Application Package Documents 
 The following items are required to be submitted with your application. Applicants who do not submit the required items timely may not be considered for this job:
 Current version of the State Examination/Employment Application STD Form 678 (when not applying electronically), or the Electronic State Employment Application through your Applicant Account at www.CalCareers.ca.gov. All Experience and Education relating to the Minimum Qualifications listed on the Classification Specification should be included to demonstrate how you meet the Minimum Qualifications for the position. 
 Resume is optional. It may be included, but is not required. 
 Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for the hiring interview process must request the necessary accommodations if scheduled for a hiring interview. The request should be made at the time of contact to schedule the interview. Questions regarding reasonable accommodations may be directed to the EEO contact listed on this job posting.
 Benefits 
 Please see the California Department of Human Resources website at: https://www.calhr.ca.gov/Pages/California-State-Civil-Service-Employee-Benefits-Summary.aspx for further information on state employee's benefits. 
 General State Employment Benefits and Protections 
Click here to view more information about the outstanding benefits offered to State employees.
 Contact Information 
 The Hiring Unit Contact is available to answer questions regarding the position or application process.
 Hiring Unit Contact:
 
Angelina Mwaniki 
 (916) 900-5002 
angelina.saldivar@cdfa.ca.gov
 Please direct requests for Reasonable Accommodations to the interview scheduler at the time the interview is being scheduled. You may direct any additional questions regarding Reasonable Accommodations or Equal Employment Opportunity for this position(s) to the Department's EEO Office.
 EEO Contact: 
EEO Officer 
(916) 654-1005 
eeo@cdfa.ca.gov
 California Relay Service: 1-800-735-2929 (TTY), 1-800-735-2922 (Voice) TTY is a Telecommunications Device for the Deaf, and is reachable only from phones equipped with a TTY Device.
 Hard Copy Applications 
 If you are dropping off or mailing in your application, please use the Examination/Employment Application, STD 678 Revised 7/2019 version. 
 Additional Information 
 Please do not include any confidential information such as social security number, marital status, ethnicity, age, salary or disability information on any of the documentation uploaded with your online application. 
 If the classification you are applying for has an education requirement, transcripts will be required to verify you meet the minimum qualifications of the classification. Please be sure to redact any confidential information before uploading your transcripts. 
 Upon hire you may be required to provide official sealed transcripts or an original degree or certificate. 
 Applicants with foreign degrees may be asked to provide an official foreign transcript evaluation which indicates course work is equivalent to a degree from an accredited U.S. College or University. 
 This position may require a medical clearance. 
 Alternate Classifications and Training and Development assignments may be considered. 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 The State of California is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, disability (mental and physical), exercising the right to family care and medical leave, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
 It is an objective of the State of California to achieve a drug-free work place. Any applicant for state employment will be expected to behave in accordance with this objective because the use of illegal drugs is inconsistent with the law of the State, the rules governing Civil Service, and the special trust placed in public servants. California Public Utilities Commission 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Technician jobs in San Bernardino County, CA Jobs at California Public Utilities Commission in San Bernardino County, CA Senior Technician salaries in San Bernardino County, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from California Public Utilities Commission 40 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
