
 
 
 
 Director, VisaNet +AI - Foster City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, VisaNet +AI Visa 1,002 reviews Foster City, CA Full-time Visa 1,002 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
As the world's leader in digital payments technology, Visa's mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company's dedication to innovation drives the rapid growth of connected commerce on any device, and fuels the dream of a cashless future for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce. 
At Visa, your individuality fits right in. Working here gives you an opportunity to impact the world, invest in your career growth, and be part of an inclusive and diverse workplace. We are a global team of disruptors, trailblazers, innovators and risk-takers who are helping drive economic growth in even the most remote parts of the world, creatively moving the industry forward, and doing meaningful work that brings financial literacy and digital commerce to millions of unbanked and underserved consumers. 
You're  an Individual.  We're  the team for you.  Together , let's transform the way the world pays. 
 
 Job Description 
45 years ago, Visa built one of the world’s largest and most sophisticated electronic payments networks, called VisaNet, dedicated to Visa’s vision of providing consumers, businesses and governments with the best way to pay and be paid. Today, our team is driving VisaNet into the next generation through the power of Artificial Intelligence. By embedding AI deep into the core of the network, we are unlocking new and innovative products that address the payment ecosystem’s most difficult challenges and drive incredible value to our clients. We call this VisaNet +AI. 
In this role, you will have the opportunity to be the Product Manager of one or more of the new products within the  VisaNet +AI  initiative. You will be responsible for all aspects of the product from requirements to product commercialization, including sales, marketing, geographic prioritization and pricing strategy. You will collaborate closely with Technology and data scientists on a regular basis to drive implementation and enhancements. You will develop marketing collateral and lead client engagements to drive adoption of products. You will ideate new product concepts and drive feasibility studies to expand the roadmap of next-gen value-added services for our clients. 
Specific responsibilities: 
End-to-end product manager responsibilities for one or more VisaNet +AI products with a CEO-like ownership mindset for assigned products. This includes all aspects from product ideation, business case development and requirements definition to technology build, sales planning, product pricing, creation of product collateral, internal training, client sales engagement and product analytics/KPISs. 
Effectively drive product strategy by synthesizing complex and often incomplete information for executive leaders, while working with cross-functional teams consisting of individuals from Product, Sales, Engineering, Marketing, and Legal. 
Drive complex technology projects through deep partnerships with multiple technology teams in areas such as AI modeling and core payment applications 
Manage product commercialization activities working across functional areas and global/regional teams. This includes developing an understanding of the competitive landscape and consolidating country and/or client feedback into new product creation and/or existing product enhancements. 
Lead ongoing product analysis including creation and management of KPIs to improve product performance, drive understanding of client issues and to guide product roadmaps 
Lead client engagement and sales meetings including co-development design sessions focused on future capabilities 
Drive creation of high-quality sales and marketing collateral as well other implementation materials for assigned products 
 
 Qualifications 
Basic qualifications 
10 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 8 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters/ MBA/JD/MD) or at least 3 years of work experience with a PhD 
Preferred Qualifications 
12+ years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or 8-10 years of experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) or 6+ years of work experience with a PhD 
Multi-functional product management and strategy development skills and experiences; ability to manage deliverables and to coordinate, work productively with, and demonstrate results to other Visa divisions 
Strategic thinker who can balance big picture strategy and flawless execution with high attention to detail and quality for all work products 
Strong interpersonal and executive verbal/written communication skills to drive alignment and support across cross-functional groups 
Ability to quickly learn and gain proficiency in areas with limited experience 
Ability to synthesize data to drive decisions and customer insights 
Strong user design approach to driving new product ideation that focuses on Visa client segments (financial institutions, merchants, fintechs and end consumers) 
Good understanding of Deep Learning technologies and experience working with data scientists 
Business experience in the electronic payment domain is a plus 
Strong understanding of APIs and experience with exposing products/services via API 
Additional Information 
Work Hours 
Incumbent must make themselves available during core business hours 
Travel Requirements 
This position requires the incumbent to travel for work  10%  of the time for domestic/international travel to work collaboratively with clients and in-market teams should conditions allow 
Mental/Physical Requirements 
This position will be performed, in future, in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, and reach with hands and arms. 
Universal acceptance for everyone, everywhere, is not only our brand promise, it’s the foundation of our company culture. We foster a feeling of connectedness in the workplace, support diversity of thought, culture and background, fight for important initiatives like Equal Pay and actively work to eliminate unconscious biases that hold us all back. 
By leveraging the diverse backgrounds and perspectives of our worldwide teams, Visa is a better place to work and a better business partner to our clients. 
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Visa 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director jobs in Foster City, CA Jobs at Visa in Foster City, CA Director salaries in Foster City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Visa Visa 1,002 reviews As the world's leader in digital payments technology, Visa's mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
