
 
 
 
 Jr. Data Scientist - Detroit, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Jr. Data Scientist GTB 50 reviews Detroit, MI GTB 50 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. WHO IS GTB? 
 
GTB is a global precision marketing agency, creating ideas that inspire people to act. Founded in 2007 to accelerate performance for the world's most iconic brands, GTB is part of WPP's industry-leading network of companies driving creative transformation. GTB works across 6 continents with offices worldwide. 
 
THE OPPORTUNITY 
 
Jr. Data Scientist 
 
Could this be you?
 GTB is looking for a smart, technically savvy person that is passionate familiar with turning data into models for empowering clients and platforms. This person will be a critical part of the Data Science Center of Excellence on the Data and Analytics team and be heavily involved in our new data infrastructure buildout. This person should be a data scientist at their core with a strong creative thinking side. Fundamentally, you like to build and create cool stuff. 
 
What's in for you? 
 
 Ability to make an immediate impact: GTB is eager to develop new technology, platforms, algorithms, and processes. You'll have an opportunity to make a real impact on the business. 
 Build the Future: You will be working on cutting edge projects! 
 High visibility: We are a very flat organization that encourages an entrepreneurial culture. 
 Fun: Growth is fun! 
 
 In this role you will… 
 
 Use your analytically creative skillset to help GTB evolve how we work and deliver to clients 
 Work specifically in a variety of areas: Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Large scale dataset analysis, data visualization and more 
 Create new analyses, models, and/or tools that deliver insights that enable the business partners to further their objectives 
 Partner with the platforms team to productionalize algorithms for audience creation and optimization 
 Manage a pipeline of projects/products and their on-time delivery 
 Consult with and deliver results to partners within tight time constraints that consistently meet or exceed the expectations of the client 
 Contribute to the success of other team members by providing training and leadership in thought generation, analysis, coding, and mentorship globally 
 Perform other duties and projects as assigned. 
 
   You have…
 Graduate degree in a quantitative field: Mathematics, Economics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science, or a related field. Relevant experience also considered. 
 Extremely strong quantitative and logical problem solving skills 
 1-2 years of analytics or data science experience in business environment 
 Experience in digital analytics or marketing analytics required 
 Experience with Snowflake, Microsoft AI Suite and IBM Watson offerings a plus 
 Strong or better knowledge of Python, R, etc. is required 
 Experience in data mining algorithms and statistical modeling techniques such as clustering, classification, regression, decision trees, neural nets, support vector machines, genetic algorithms, anomaly detection, recommender systems, and natural language processing 
 Strong ability to partner and stay open-minded to exchange ideas with other functions. Creativity is a core value in this role 
 Willingness to work in a dynamic, fast paced, cross-functional environment 
 Ability to communicate effectively to technical and non-technical audiences in engineering, business, creative, product and executive areas 
 Initiative and ability to seek and take responsibility. High attention to detail, data accuracy and quality of output 
 Must be a highly collaborative and courageous thought leader willing to be the objective voice of to the rest of the company 
 The physical and mental requirements to meet the above listed job responsibilities. 
 There is no relocation assistance for this role. 
 
 #LI-JS1 
DISCLAIMER: 
 
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job. 
 
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, GTB Agency, LLC. does not discriminate against applicants or employees because of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, genetics, pregnancy-related status, veteran status, physical or mental disability where the individual is otherwise qualified, national or ethnic origin, or on any other basis where protected by law. We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR and other privacy laws for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment. GTB 30 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Data Scientist jobs in Detroit, MI Jobs at GTB in Detroit, MI Junior Data Scientist salaries in Detroit, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from GTB 50 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
