
 
 
 
 LEARNING SPECIALIST - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search LEARNING SPECIALIST Saks Fifth Avenue 1,702 reviews New York, NY Full-time Saks Fifth Avenue 1,702 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
 
 Role Summary: 
 This full-time Learning Specialist will be at the center of supporting Saks Fifth Avenue and our number one priority of ensuring our clients receive an excellent customer experience with every interaction they have with us. The team member in this position will need to be able to think outside the box while being positive, energetic and well organized to drive the development of our training programs for associates assisting clients in a dynamic, growing and changing contact center environment. They will also support the Learning Manager and Learning Team to contemporize learning and development for agents at Saks Fifth Avenue. 
 Learning Specialist is responsible for developing and facilitating learning programs that will focus on job-specific skills training and contact center development initiatives. Learning Specialist will partner with subject matter experts to document processes, and design educationally sound training materials, including instructor-led courses, online courses, job aids, posters, reference guides, facilitator guides, student workbooks, and videos. Learning Specialists must have a passion for learning, for passing on knowledge to others, and for helping contact center agents grow and develop in their careers. They will assist in creating a culture that encourages the continuous learning process for each contact center agent, thereby improving individual, team and organizational effectiveness.They will collaborate with team members to develop learning content as aligned with our roadmap focused on customers, continuous improvement, and first-contact resolution. 
 As the Learning Specialist, you will be offered an amazing opportunity of being part of a team tasked with enhancing the legacy style and service that has made Saks Fifth Avenue the number one luxury retailer. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Develop effective training that will utilize instructional design expertise including data analysis, adult learning, curriculum development, technology enabled/enhanced learning and blended learning strategies. 
Ability to translate strategic goals into appropriate development programs while meeting and managing the changing priorities of the business. 
 Design and implement new Saks myTrailhead learning modules adhering to adult learning principles and instructional design methodology. 
 Curriculum development to include research, appropriate learning methodology, creation of classroom or e-learning training materials, job aids and presentation materials. Present information using a variety of instructional techniques or formats, such as role playing, simulations, team exercises, group discussions, videos, etc. 
 Partner with Subject Matter Experts, Learning Manager and Technical Writer to develop interactive online system demonstrations. 
 Leverage feedback, and continuously strive for improved training programs and processes. 
 Observe and evaluate training programs, individual trainers, and team leaders to drive improvement and efficiency 
 Evaluate data to identify insights into the effectiveness of training in relation to business goals, make changes as needed. This includes identifying top performing agents and development of improvement plan for bottom quartile agents. 
 Support current Knowledge Management Base and identify critical training gaps and improvement opportunities 
The Core training documents 
UAD – Internal Facing articles 
UAD – Public Facing articles Sales 
Collaborate with Learning Team in the integration plan to incorporate Knowledge Management into LMS and AI opportunities (i.e. ChatBots). 
 Maintains and monitors training programs, procedural and policy documentation. 
 Stay abreast of new and emerging instructional design and adult learning theories. 
 Audit current training content to identify critical training gaps and improvement opportunities. 
 Utilize a tracking process to measure the effectiveness of training programs. 
 Develop, implement, and sustain custom world class training programs and process documentation. 
 Ability to effectively lead, direct, coach and mentor others on how to design and deliver effective learning solutions that maximize employee engagement, development, and business outcomes. 
 
 Professional Requirements: 
 Bachelor's degree with 3+ years with implementation, L+D, knowledge management, instructional design, educational technology or a related field. 
 Can embrace diverse backgrounds, ideas and experiences to put inclusion globally at the heart of learning experiences. 
 Call Center experience is strongly preferred but not required. 
 Proven track record in developing or deploying training strategy for frontline associates. 
 Experience using Learning Management Systems and Learning Experience Platforms. Prefferable Salesforce Service Cloud and myTrailhead. 
 Leader doer mentality open to getting your hands dirty. 
 Demonstrates strong business acumen and a track record of success in partnering with business leaders, leveraging strong written and verbal communication skills. 
 Ability to manage competing priorities and balance multiple projects in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and responding quickly to feedback through iterative design. 
 Self-starter with strong initiative, energy, and accountability with the ability to work autonomously and in a team environment 
 Excellent project management skills with a demonstrated ability to lead projects from inception through completion while bringing stakeholders along. 
 Experience with various educational platforms and tools, including distance learning training tools, learning management platforms (CMS, LMS), computer based authoring tools, and other technologies that are required for achieving learning objectives. 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, Google Suite, Adobe Creative Cloud (Premier Pro, After Effects, Photoshop, and Illustrator) 
 Articulate Rise, Articulate Storyline, Camtasia, Vyond, with a willingness to learn new software as appropriate. 
 
 Thank you for your interest with Saks. We look forward to reviewing your application. 
 Saks provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Saks complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 
 Saks welcomes all applicants for this position. Should you be individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process, accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials or processes to be used. Hudson's Bay 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Learning Specialist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Saks Fifth Avenue in New York, NY Learning Specialist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Saks Fifth Avenue Saks Fifth Avenue 1,702 reviews A Saks store is something special. As soon as you step through our doors, you’re met with a warm and welcoming atmosphere, attractively d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
