
 
 
 
 A.I. Specialist - Waupun, Wis., area - Marshfield, WI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search A.I. Specialist - Waupun, Wis., area Select Sires 13 reviews Marshfield, WI Full-time Select Sires 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Overview: As a full-time Artificial Insemination (A.I) Specialist, you’ll have the opportunity to experience a career in the A.I. industry and work with today’s most elite dairy and beef females to produce the next generation of impact bulls and daughters. This career provides the opportunity to be exposed to the elite in the A.I. industry and hone your breeding skills. This person will have the opportunity to work with a team of employees, including A.I. team technicians, DHI Specialists, Genetic Consultants, Reproductive Specialists, Area Sales Managers, and/or Team Leaders. Job Responsibilities / Duties: The appropriate candidate will gain experience in areas such as: Large-herd tail chalking, heat detection, and A.I. services; Reproductive physiology and synchronization; Record analysis and reproductive-consultation services; and Automated-detection programs and health-monitoring systems. Requirements / Qualifications: Ideal candidates for this career should have a strong agricultural background including: A dairy and/or beef focus; Outstanding people skills, with service-orientated attitude; Excellent communication skills; Strong work ethic, with ability to work on your own, as well as in a team structure; A.I. experience and knowledge of on-farm software is preferred, but not mandatory. 
 Benefits:
  This position includes: Base salary with endless commission potential Full benefits package, vacation, time off, and potential for advancement How To Apply:
  https://mycentralstar.com/positions-currently-available-careers Select Sires 30+ days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Marshfield, WI Jobs at Select Sires in Marshfield, WI Specialist salaries in Marshfield, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Select Sires 13 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
