
 
 
 
 Computational Biologist - San Carlos, CA 94070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computational Biologist January 10 reviews San Carlos, CA 94070 Full-time January 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description January AI: Eat Different 
Founded by veteran business executive, Noosheen Hashemi, and Director of Genomics and Personalized Medicine at Stanford University, Dr. Michael Snyder, January AI is the first precision health company that combines heart rate and continuous glucose monitors, sleep and activity tracking, and seamless meal logging to give you a complete picture of your metabolic well-being and nudge you towards better habits in just 30 days—from predicting which foods you should eat and avoid, to when a brisk walk or overnight fast can bring your blood sugar back into a healthy range. 
Check out our recent coverage in STAT, TechCrunch, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and VentureBeat. 
At January AI, we believe that every day is January 1st, that every day is a fresh start. We believe that health isn’t a place you reach, but the simple process of doing just a little better than yesterday. We believe that self-improvement is a team sport. That’s why January AI is creating a community of everyday people building their healthy habits, together. January AI is backed, among others, by Marc Benioff, Jerry Yang and Steve Chen, founders of Salesforce, Yahoo! and YouTube. If you’re ready to join our team and help grow this community, please submit your application following the link provided. 
 
 Position Overview: 
We are looking for a computational biologist to support the research and development team in the operation of microbiome analyses and bacterial genomics workflows, conduct benchmarking studies to evaluate these workflows, and design, test, and implement process improvements. The candidate will characterize bacterial metagenomes, develop tools for predicting function and support pre-clinical and clinical microbiome analyses for the development of personalized interventions. We are looking for an individual who is independent, curious, self-motivated, scientifically rigorous. 
The job title and level will correspond to the experience and skills of the selected candidate. 
 Qualifications: 
2+ years of working experience in bioinformatics, computational biology, or related field, ideally in an industrial setting 
Deep experience in a scripting language, such as Python, C++, or R 
Analytical experience with microbiome and microbial community ecology datasets 
Familiarity with microbiome and metagenomic functional datasets (e.g. BURST, UniCyc, MetaPhlan) 
Familiarity with -omics platforms across microbiome and human clinical samples (eg. peptidomics, metabolomics, lipidomics, host genetics, etc.) 
Experience with cloud computing infrastructure, shell scripting and data analyses 
Highly organized, detailed and motivated individual 
Must be a team player, able to work well in a group setting as well as independently in a fast-paced environment 
 
 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
In collaboration with biologists, and microbiologists the role will support the development of a bioinformatics pipeline processing and characterizing bacterial genomes to predict functional outputs 
Curate collection of bacterial metagenomes and build reference metagenome databases 
Conceptualize and benchmark bioinformatic microbiome analysis workflows 
Develop and apply algorithms for taxonomic clustering and classification in complex microbial community 
Integrate Omics data sets, such as genomics and metabolomics to develop a deep understanding of the complex interactions between host:microbiome 
Make inferences and test data using internal and publicly available data sets 
In collaboration with biologists, and microbiologists the role will support the development of a bioinformatics pipeline processing and characterizing bacterial genomes to predict functional outputs 
Curate collection of bacterial metagenomes and build reference metagenome databases 
Conceptualize and benchmark bioinformatic microbiome analysis workflows 
Develop and apply algorithms for taxonomic clustering and classification in complex microbial community 
Integrate Omics data sets, such as genomics and metabolomics to develop a deep understanding of the complex interactions between host:microbiome 
Make inferences and test data using internal and publicly available data sets 
We'd love to hear from you! 
January is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 We are a diverse team and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. 
Our HQ office is located in sunny and beautiful downtown Menlo Park, CA, walking distance to Caltrain and local cafes and restaurants. 
Local or West coast-based candidates preferred. 
Benefits and Perks of working Full-time at January include: Competitive salary and equity packages; 401k with corporate matching; Health, dental, vision, life and AD&D insurance; Commuter benefits. 
We do not accept third-party solicitation for employment. January 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Biologist jobs in San Carlos, CA Jobs at January in San Carlos, CA Biologist salaries in San Carlos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from January 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
