
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Mahwah, NJ 07430 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist UNITED PARCEL SERVICE 45,793 reviews Mahwah, NJ 07430 Full-time, Contract UNITED PARCEL SERVICE 45,793 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Contract Full Job Description Data Scientist 
 
We’re the obstacle overcomers, the problem get-arounders. From figuring it out to getting it done… our innovative culture demands “yes and how!” We are UPS. We are the  United Problem Solvers. 
 
About Information Management at UPS Technology: 
 
Our Information Management teams are responsible for designing and supporting data solutions to meet UPS’s rapidly changing business needs. Our team is comprised of individuals who are experts in data management, compliance and governance. We ensure quality, completeness, availability, protection, understanding and effective use of our data assets. Our ability to organize and design data provides the foundation which enables many of UPS’ core processes. 
 
About this role: 
 
The  Data Scientist  will leverage advanced analytics to solve some of the most interesting business problems across the UPS enterprise. As a key member of a growing global team, he/she will operate in a fast-paced environment and take on multiple roles. He/she will have access to large volumes of structured and unstructured data as well as the ability to allocate vast computing resources, including GPU’s, to speed up work. The candidate will employ tools and applications that can fast-track manual steps such as ETL, data exploration, etc. He/she will have the opportunity to research and experiment with innovative new techniques in machine learning, statistics, and operations research. The candidate will have the freedom to attend conferences and training sessions, and collaborate with partner universities, to further skillset. The selected candidate will primarily serve in an individual contributor role with a focus on hands-on technical work. However, he/she may be asked to take on non-technical assignments such as business requirements gathering. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Exceptional technical writing skills 
 Ability to communicate complex data in a simple, actionable way 
 Ability to visualize data in the most effective way possible for a given project or study 
 Analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Experience with machine learning and AI 
 Familiarity with data management tools 
 Ability to work independently and with team members from different backgrounds 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Identifies and champions new initiatives aimed at delivering value to business stakeholders in the field of predictive, prescriptive models 
 Evaluates open-source and vendor-based tools, such as applications, platforms, frameworks and programming languages 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 3-5 years of experience in the field including but not related to master’s internships and related work experience 
 Basic Knowledge on software development principles and architecture 
 Good analytical and problem-solving abilities 
 Ability to break down and understand complex business problems, define a solution and implement it using advanced quantitative methods. 
 Familiarity with programming for data analysis; ideally Python, SQL, or R. 
 Solid oral and written communication skills, especially around analytical concepts and methods. 
 Great work ethic and intellectual curiosity. 
 Knowledge of Cloud technologies such as Google (BigQ, Tensorflow, Keras) or Azure (Spark, Databricks) 
 Must be a team player with excellent communication and problem-solving skills and have experience working with customers across Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Must be a team player with excellent communication and problem-solving skills and have experience working with customers across 
 Master’s degree in Computer Science, Social Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related field. 
 
 This position offers an exceptional opportunity to work for a Fortune 50 industry leader. If you are selected, you will join our dynamic technology team in making a difference to our business and customers. Do you think you have what it takes? Prove it! At UPS, ambition knows no time zone. 
UPS is an equal opportunity employer. UPS does not discriminate on the basis of race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/age/sexual orientation/gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law UPS 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Mahwah, NJ Jobs at UNITED PARCEL SERVICE in Mahwah, NJ Data Scientist salaries in Mahwah, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from UNITED PARCEL SERVICE UNITED PARCEL SERVICE 45,793 reviews UPS Careers & Employment

If you’re ready to start on a rewarding future, UPS will get you moving in the right direction. Want to see h... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
