
 
 
 
 Communications Manager, Health Artificial Intelligence - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Communications Manager, Health Artificial Intelligence Google 3,931 reviews San Francisco, CA Full-time Google 3,931 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location for this position from the following:  Atlanta, GA, USA; Palo Alto, CA, USA; San Francisco, CA, USA 
Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience 
 7 years of experience working in PR, media, or corporate communications 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience working in the technology sector, and understanding of the development of Artificial Intelligence tools. 
 Familiarity with the development process for regulated health products and experience working in the health, pharmaceutical, bio-tech, or healthcare industry.
 Track record of creative storytelling, proactive press outreach, and building relationships with journalists and stakeholders.
 Ability to think, plan and execute on multiple projects simultaneously in an organized fashion. 
 Ability to quickly learn complex research, technology, and business structures. 
 Proven communicator with excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 About the job 
As a member of the Global Communications & Public Affairs team, you will work cross-functionally to help communicate with journalists and other thought leaders; devise specific communications materials and campaigns; engage in face-to-face meetings with commentators and other opinion formers; and develop print and web-based material supporting these campaigns. We're looking for great communicators who can understand complex issues and explain them in person and also via well written, simple blog posts, FAQs, video scripts and more. 
 
In this role you’ll work with scientists, product managers, engineers and clinical experts who are developing a range of health applications from AI-powered medical imaging screening and diagnostics, solutions for patients and caregivers, and tools and insights for researchers and public health. Our portfolio spans from early research, to evaluation and validation, and product development. You will be comfortable developing communication strategies across this broad spectrum 
 You will have the opportunity to try new things and can manage numerous projects with tight deadlines. You are an enthusiastic team player who can work with partners across PR, Communications, Marketing, Product, and beyond. 
We help inform and educate users, advertisers, partners, opinion leaders-and our own employees-about the benefits of Google's products, our distinctive company culture/values and our approach to the big public policy issues of the day. You are quick-witted, entrepreneurial and intellectually curious. To succeed in this role, you are willing to try new things and can manage numerous projects with tight deadlines. Things happen quickly at Google, and to do great work, you need to be an enthusiastic team player who can work cross-functionally with partners across PR, Communications, Marketing, Product, and beyond. 
Responsibilities 
 Track and understand a range of complex research projects, products, and partnerships and drive messaging and narrative development. 
 Develop materials, including blog posts, talking points, launch materials, FAQs and speeches to promote our work throughout the Health AI portfolio. 
 Develop and maintain close, productive relationships with key journalists and influencers, and teams across Google. 
 Drive press coverage and positive sentiment about Google’s work in health and healthcare. 
 Create thought leadership opportunities, including highlighting our researchers and leaders, that demonstrate Google’s efforts to deploy AI responsibility. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Communications Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Google in San Francisco, CA Communications Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,931 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
