
 
 
 
 Full Stack Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Engineer Woebot Health Boston, MA Our mission is to make the best mental health tools accessible for everyone, as we bring mental healthcare to the masses. 
 
We're a venture-backed startup building tools to help millions of people monitor, regulate and ultimately improve their moods. Our tools are powered by the latest research in NLP and ML, use scientifically proven techniques from Cognitive Behavior Therapy, and are based on 10 years of digital mental health research at Stanford University. Our Chairman is Andrew Ng and Dan Jurafsky is a member of our advisory board, both globally recognized leaders in AI/NLP. 
 
We are poised to redefine how people access mental health care and are building the dream team that's excited about getting us there. You will be working with modern tech such as Node.js, Docker, Pytorch, AWS Lambda and more. Your ability to add new and critical features to Woebot while also refactoring parts of our current system will help provide the fuel that will help us get there. 
 
Why You Should Join Our Engineering Team : 
 
You care about helping make quality mental health care realistically accessible to millions of people globally and are genuinely curious and effective in building complex scalable distributed systems. 
 
You have the unique opportunity to help improve our core bot and infrastructure; helping delineate Woebot into a premium offering which will ultimately become the new standard in digital therapeutics. 
 
In the process, you'll learn more about chatbots, machine learning deployment pipelines, and securing and documenting a product effectively. More importantly, you're energized by the idea of learning more about evidence-based psychological interventions and how to translate them into digital products that improve the lives of millions of people. 
 
How You'll Thrive 
 
Master The Basics 
 
 Week 1 : Warm welcome from the Woebot team :-) 
 Within your  First 30 Days  you will learn the major components of the codebase, monitor our architecture, be able to fix minor bugs, and be proficient with our development, build, and release process. 
 By  Day 30  you've read and digested much of our code base, have made several small enhancements and bug fixes, and have come up with a list of recommendations for improving our front-end systems. 
 
 Help Our Product Scale 
 
 By Day 60  you will have a complete understanding of Woebot's product and codebase, including, API and cloud architecture. systems. 
 You'll have the opportunity work with our Product & Platform teams to troubleshoot complex issues across our services, including analyzing helpdesk bugs and supporting our Clinical Team. 
 This will give you the opportunity to deeply understand our team and how we serve our customers. 
 
 Contribute To Our Web App 
 
 By day 90 , we expect that you've started to improve our internal tools and are collaborating on the technical design of new features that help our clinical team write engaging content. 
 You're assessing the complexity of new requests and features while coordinating with our product and design team to iterate and ship new designs. 
 Within  your first year you've  launched new features for Woebot, improved internal tools, and contributed to helping our users live happier lives. 
 
 This Might Be Your Next Career Move IF: 
 
 You care about helping make quality mental health care realistically accessible to millions of people nationwide. 
 You're excited about driving the deployment and scaling of cutting-edge NLP and ML techniques. 
 You read voraciously about your field of expertise and enjoy bringing your learnings to the team in the form of recommendations for system improvement. 
 
 Role Specific Competencies 
 
 1-2 years of production experience building web apps with  React .  (must have) 
 Our backend is built on  Node.js . So if you have  Node.js  experience, brownie points for you :) 
 AWS  or experience with another cloud provider such as GCP or Azure.  (nice to have) 
 
 
Our Core Values: 
 
 Empathic : You're a compassionate person and a team player motivated to understand others and help them be successful, too. You care as deeply for your colleagues as you do for our mission and our users. 
 Self-aware : You possess a high level of emotional intelligence, which allows you to understand yourself and others, and to have a healthy emotional life in the workplace. 
 Proactive & flexible :You are able to hit the ground running, you take responsibility for finding a way to get the job done. You learn as quickly as possible and sometimes do things outside the immediate scope of your work, giving it all you've got. 
 Strong work-ethic : You've mastered healthy habits in your life that allow you to do great things. You exemplify dedication and commitment to coming up with very good results in your work and inspire others to do the same. 
 Growth mindset:  You believe abilities – like intelligence and talent – can be developed through dedication and hard work. You see failure as an opportunity to grow and welcome feedback as a pathway to your continued success. 
 Humble:  You recognize that you are one among many, and you hold a genuine desire to discover what other people can offer. You are intrigued by how others think, and how others feel differently from you. You lean into these moments with patience and curiosity. 
 
  Benefits 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 Stock Options 
 Generous PTO 
 Health, Dental & Vision 
 
 
Woebot is an equal opportunity employer and we deeply value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status Woebot Health 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Woebot Health in Boston, MA Full Stack Developer salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Woebot Health Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
