
 
 
 
 Linguist, Assistant Natural Language Processing - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Linguist, Assistant Natural Language Processing Google 3,931 reviews New York, NY Full-time Google 3,931 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
 2 years of linguistic industry experience. 
 Experience in working with grammars and other forms of speech or NLP technology. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's or PhD degree in Linguistics, NLP, related technical field or equivalent practical experience. 
 Experience in Data Analysis or Data Science. 
 Research or industry experience in syntax or morphology and semantics. 
 About the job 
Generation X (GenX) is a Natural Language Generation (NLG) service used by Google products to produce natural and fluent output for spoken and written text.
 
 
The GenX Linguist team uses its linguistic expertise to create and implement Natural Language Generation (NLG) technologies and processes to support the product needs of GenX's diverse clients at scale, as well as support Google-wide NLG-focused research efforts. Our work directly impacts the Assistant, Search, and Maps as well as other Google AI research efforts and other products throughout the company that utilize core NLP functionality. 
Responsibilities 
 Apply linguistic frameworks, particularly syntax, morphology, and semantics, to build NLG components and tools, including collecting high-quality data for training and evaluating machine learning models. 
 Work closely with engineers, researchers, and other linguists to create language-specific and language-universal models and shape research as well as production efforts to build and improve NLG technology. 
 Analyze linguistic data then propose and implement solutions to NLG problems/current limitations. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Linguist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Google in New York, NY Linguist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,931 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
