
 
 
 
 Product Line Manager - Folsom, CA 95630 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Line Manager Micron 1,039 reviews Folsom, CA 95630 Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 292684 
Product Line Manager 
Micron’s Embedded Business Unit (EBU) is looking for a Product Line Manager for NAND components product line. You will play a key role in enabling NAND products for the key segments such as automotive, industrial, and consumer. You will be critical in defining product roadmaps, innovating for best-in-class products, and working with cross-functional teams to deliver the product. 
Key Responsibilities 
Develop and implement go-to-market plans for new products
 Identify gaps and implement changes in the product lines to profitably increase revenue and market share for existing products. 
Support customers and sales team with product collateral 
Monitor design win progress in key segments/accounts 
Develop pricing strategy for product lines 
Tactical activities may include working closely with engineering on product features and timelines, leading cost reduction activities, working on product change notifications, supporting supply escalations, and responding to requests from customers and internal partners within the business unit 
Requirements 
8+ years of experience in Product Marketing and product line management in driving strategy to execution through programs, leadership, and innovation 
Strong background and understanding of NAND Flash, experience in managed NAND/SSD a plus 
Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Business, Marketing, or Engineering 
Ability to work in fast paced/changing environment, strong organization skills to prioritize projects based on ROI 
Automotive experience desirable 
Strong communication and presentation skills 
A record of performance excellence for the current area of responsibility 
This position may require some travel to customer and non-customer sites worldwide 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: Folsom || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || EBU (Embedded Business Unit) || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-MT1 || Tier 3 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Line Manager jobs in Folsom, CA Jobs at Micron in Folsom, CA Product Line Manager salaries in Folsom, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
