
 
 
 
 Head of Content - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Content January 10 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Contract January 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description January AI: Eat Different 
Founded by veteran business executive, Noosheen Hashemi, and Director of Genomics and Personalized Medicine at Stanford University, Dr. Michael Snyder, January AI is the first precision health company that combines heart rate and continuous glucose monitors, sleep and activity tracking, and seamless meal logging to give you a complete picture of your metabolic well-being and nudge you towards better habits in just 30 days—from predicting which foods you should eat and avoid, to when a brisk walk or overnight fast can bring your blood sugar back into a healthy range. 
Check out our recent coverage in STAT, TechCrunch, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and VentureBeat. 
At January AI, we believe that every day is January 1st, that every day is a fresh start. We believe that health isn’t a place you reach, but the simple process of doing just a little better than yesterday. We believe that self-improvement is a team sport. That’s why January AI is creating a community of everyday people building their healthy habits, together. January AI is backed, among others, by Marc Benioff, Jerry Yang and Steve Chen, founders of Salesforce, Yahoo! and YouTube. If you’re ready to join our team and help grow this community, please submit your application following the link provided. 
 
 Position Overview: 
January is looking for an energetic, self-motivated and savvy Head of Content to join as our first content marketing hire. Part strategist, part hands-on content creator, this team-member will have a key role in envisioning, leading and implementing content marketing campaigns to build an engaged social media following, and ultimately, recruit participants across channels into our health programs. Our goal is to be at the edge of where good science is happening and share content in a fresher, more user-friendly way, empowering our consumer audience to build a healthier lifestyle with January. 
This position can start off as a part-time contract and then contract-to-full-time hire 
Remote is OK, with a strong preference for West Coast or adjacent time zone to collaborate with the rest of the team in real-time 
 Qualifications: 
Strong understanding and in-depth knowledge of all major social platforms: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc. 
Creator of audience-specific, compelling, engaging, beautiful and fresh social media content that converts free users to paid 
Experience writing easily accessible and digestible bespoke content for scientific and/or health-related contexts 
Brings analytical skills and can translate metrics and insights into actionable and measurable results 
Strong and transparent communication partner who knows how to work with a diverse team of stakeholders 
Independent, self-motivated lead who can strategize and execute without much guidance in a fast-paced startup environment 
Super-passionate about health, wellness, lifestyle, and healthcare 
A strong understanding of SEO best practices and how they relate to content strategy 
 Roles and Responsibilities: 
Responsible for producing content and copy for all media channels, including comms in the January app, website, social media, blog, press releases, email campaigns, etc. 
Curate, contextualize, and repurpose relevant content from a variety of media sources – both mainstream (i.e. NYT) and niche (i.e. Instagram, science journals) – to diversify our content offering and make the science more accessible to our customers 
Continually develop new ideas, strategies/campaigns to inform, educate, entertain, and engage 
Bring rigor and a science-based approach that has empathy for people facing chronic conditions. This should take into account factors such as: food, activity, sleep, mindfulness, etc. 
Develop a customer-facing voice for the company that is rooted in evidence and accessibility and delight 
Work with the team’s illustrator and designer to create engaging, fresh content 
Manage content/creative contractors as needed 
Demonstrate ROI of campaigns and initiatives to show how they are impacting the key metrics 
 Please attach or provide links to sample work that showcases relevant talent and abilities from previous projects in your application. 
We'd love to hear from you! 
January is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 We are a diverse team and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. 
Our HQ office is located in sunny and beautiful downtown Menlo Park, CA, walking distance to Caltrain and local cafes and restaurants. 
Local or West coast-based candidates preferred. 
Benefits and Perks of working Full-time at January include: Competitive salary and equity packages; 401k with corporate matching; Health, dental, vision, life and AD&D insurance; Commuter benefits. 
We do not accept third-party solicitation for employment. January 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at January in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from January 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
