
 
 
 
 Senior Corporate Counsel, Global Pursuits - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Corporate Counsel, Global Pursuits Microsoft 7,267 reviews United States Remote Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission. 
The Industry & Solutions Team in Corporate, External and Legal Affairs (CELA) is growing and has an opportunity for you to join a team of lawyers that prides itself on collaboration, learning, energy, caring, and creating wins for Microsoft and its partners and customers. Your primary responsibility will be supporting senior executives in the Microsoft Customer and Partner Solutions (MCAPS) Group. In this global role, you will work across business, engineering, marketing and CELA teams to enable strategic transactions with Microsoft’s most important customers and partners and guide business teams within MCAPS. 
This position can be located in Redmond, WA or remote within the U.S. 
Responsibilities 
Act as the primary legal contact for high-impact business groups in MCAPS, anticipating and addressing highly complex legal and business issues, and serving as a key business partner and advisor to senior executives. 
Lead complex technology transactions, developing negotiation strategies, creatively solving problems, coordinating and driving influence across CELA and business team subject matter experts, utilizing outside counsel effectively, and guiding escalations to appropriate senior leaders in order to take smart and well-informed risks to meet customer needs. 
Stay informed of rules, regulations, and other statutory requirements relating to Microsoft business and advise business clients and CELA colleagues accordingly. 
Communicate in a manner that demonstrates empathy, advances negotiations and projects, creates clarity, utilizes insights, and advances closure of open issues. 
Support the business teams in ensuring legal compliance and in providing solutions to mitigate risks. 
Culture 
Model and evangelize inclusive behavior, ensuring that your ideas and the ideas of others are heard. 
Act with empathy in supporting teammates, CELA colleagues, and business clients. 
Be an excellent coach, helping others to grow and prioritizing their success. 
Embrace a global mindset, respecting similarities and differences in others. 
Bring energy and passion to your work. 
Qualifications 
Juris Doctorate Degree or Equivalent International Degree. 
Active license to practice law in a jurisdiction. 
10+ years’ experience as a practicing attorney or equivalent practice of law. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
5+ years of experience as an attorney specializing in complex transactions, preferably technology transactions. 
In-house counsel experience. 
Experience with cloud computing, AI, and other cutting-edge technologies and the related legal issues. 
Excellent negotiation, legal drafting, and communications skills. 
Sound judgment that incorporates strong legal analysis, a pragmatic approach, and consideration of business goals, risk tolerance, and stakeholder priorities. 
Service-oriented and customer obsessed; bias for action. 
Enthusiastic "team player" who enjoys partnering with cross-functional teams to solve complex issues, invest in others, and work collaboratively to generate consensus across diverse points of view. 
Comfort with ambiguity in a fast-paced, highly matrixed environment. 
Excellent project management skills and the ability to work efficiently and meet deadlines in the face of competing priorities. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Corporate Counsel jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Senior Corporate Counsel salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
