
 
 
 
 Quantitative Research - Equities Derivative - Vice President - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Research - Equities Derivative - Vice President JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews New York, NY Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description CIB QR - Quantitative Research - Equities Derivative
 The QR Equities group is looking for a senior quant for Equity Derivative business. The broad objective is to drive and implement data driven and AI based Equity Exotics risk management including pricing, hedging, execution and back-testing. This should make extensive use of data and quantitative techniques, including machine learning.
 A successful candidate will be business driven, have strong knowledge in Equity Derivative business, deep expertise in machine learning and industrial AI. Proficiency in programming languages python and C++ is a must. The candidate should also possess excellent communication skills.
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Build data-driven hedging strategies for Equity Derivative products
 Build framework to allow large scale back-testing of real and hypothetical portfolios over historical and/or simulated market data
 Develop GUIs that traders can use to monitor and hedge their positions based on the hedging strategies
 Contribute from idea generation to production implementation: perform research, design prototype, implement analytics to manage risk inventory, support their daily usage and analyse their performance
 Qualifications and Relevant skills: 
 
 Strong graduate degree (MS or PhD) in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science...)
 Entrepreneurial spirit, strong attention to details, able to take the lead on projects, and passion for spreading a culture of change towards data-driven decision making
 Extensive experience in Equity Derivative business
 Strong expertise of statistics and machine learning in financial industry
 Strong programming in Python, C++. Ability to handle and analyse complex, large scale, high-dimensionality data from varying sources
 Business driven, excellent communication, deep interest in Equity Derivative business including trading and execution
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in New York, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Vice President salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
