
 
 
 
 Language Assessment Expert, New Graduate - Pittsburgh, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Language Assessment Expert, New Graduate Duolingo 9 reviews Pittsburgh, PA Duolingo 9 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But we've got more left to do — and that's where you come in! 
 
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we have also entered into literacy with Duolingo ABC and English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test. 
 
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more! 
 
We are looking  for a soon-to-be Ph.D. graduate with expertise in computational linguistics, L2/language learning and assessment, with an interest to use AI and psychometric methodologies to support rigorous foundational and operational validity research for the   Duolingo English Test  and other products. You will participate in agile, ongoing development of the  test  supporting our efforts to advance Duolingo's mission through science. 
 
More information on our University Programs can be found at university.duolingo.com 
 
What you'll do... 
 
 Collaborate with hardworking researchers, engineers, and designers to bring language expertise and operational excellence principles to life for cutting-edge, research-based assessment instruments 
 Partner on the development of validity methodology for a high quality assessment, learning, and feedback 
 Contribute to: theoretical underpinnings for the test and item design and scoring, ensuring fairness and assessment score integrity & validity and AI research 
 Share research findings through blogs, technical reports, conference presentations (AERA/NCME, IACAT, ACL venues, etc.), and peer-reviewed journals (such as, LTRC, Journal of Educational Measurement, Language Testing, Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics ) 
 
 What we're looking for… 
 
 PhD in Computational Linguistics or a related field and graduating between Winter/Spring 2021 - Fall 2022 
 Research expertise, publication record, and innovation in linguistics/computational linguistics and/or L2/language assessment and learning 
 Outstanding interpersonal communication and organizational skills 
 Knowledge in open-source AI-based tools 
 A desire to make the world a better place through technology 
 Ability to relocate to Pittsburgh, PA 
 
 Exceptional candidates will have... 
 
 Experience with the design, development, and analysis of language assessments 
 Experience with machine learning or natural language processing techniques, with an open mind as to how these can be integrated with traditional psychometrics. 
 Experience combining ML/NLP and traditional psychometric approaches either through academic projects or professional work experience (such as internships). 
 Proficiency in other natural languages 
 
 Why you'll love working here… 
 
 Language learning opportunities 
 Catered in-house lunches, and breakfast and dinner options 
 Company-wide Hackathon 
 PTO and company holidays 
 Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more! 
 
 We aim to return to office, and as such are requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Duolingo 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job New Graduate jobs in Pittsburgh, PA Jobs at Duolingo in Pittsburgh, PA New Graduate salaries in Pittsburgh, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Duolingo 9 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
