
 
 
 
 Research Health Science Specialist - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Health Science Specialist US Veterans Health Administration 10,376 reviews Palo Alto, CA $132,822 - $172,500 a year  -   Full-time US Veterans Health Administration 10,376 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $132,822 - $172,500 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 The Research Health Science Specialist is located in the Rehabilitation Service, Polytrauma System of Care, Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, VA Sierra Pacific Network (VISN 21), located at the VA Palo Alto Heath Care System (VAPAHCS), in Palo Alto, CA. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
** *THIS IS NOT A VIRTUAL POSITION, YOU MUST LIVE WITHIN OR BE WILLING TO RELOCATE WITHIN A COMMUTABLE DISTANCE OF THE DUTY LOCATION*** 
 
 NOTE:  This is a  TERM  appointment (not-to-exceed two (2) years). Term appointments are non-status, nonpermanent appointments of limited duration (more than one (1) year but not more than four (4)). Term employees are eligible to earn leave and generally have the same benefits as permanent employees including health and life insurance, within-grade increases and Federal Employees Retirement System and Thrift Savings Plan coverage. Term appointments may be extended without further competition (up to the four (4) year maximum). The appointment to a Term position does not confer eligibility for promotion or reassignment to other positions or the ability to be non-competitively converted to permanent employment. 
 
Duties include, but may not be limited to the following: 
 
 Research: 
 
 Conduct scientific research on 1) impacting Rehabilitation services including neuromodulation and imaging; 2) development of novel non-pharmalogical interventions for Veterans and their caregivers; 3) identification of physiological, neuropsychological, mechanisms of treatment responses. 
 Development of research grant proposals, progress reports, and special reports as required by the funding organization or Veteran Affairs Central Office (VACO). 
 Designs and conducts fully independent clinical research. 
 Formulates and conducts her/his own studies and obtaining competitive intra and extra mural funding as a principal investigator. 
 Manages presentation of research finding at regional, national, and international scientific meetings as well as VACO meetings as directed. 
 Provides statistical and methodological guidance to investigators with an interest in the design and implementation of clinical trials. 
 Serves as a resource for the larger scientific community and actively contributes to this community as a peer reviewer, frequent presenter, and continued service on multiple regulatory and administrative committees 
 Functions as a subject matter expert in the areas of neuromodulation, gender, and imaging. 
 Establishes and coordinates collaborative research projects with investigators at affiliate institutions locally, nationally, and internationally. 
 Manages the daily work of research staff, post-doctoral fellows, data managers. 
 Helps to set workloads, goals, priorities, and routinely reviews work for quality and ensures timeliness of work product. 
 Teaching: 
 Lectures trainees on rehabilitation research related topics including neuromodulation, mild and moderate TBI, including structural and functional changes in the brain associated with Alzheimer's disease and TBI, especially in the Veteran population. 
 Facilitates bi-weekly grant-writing and manuscript writing seminars for pre-doctoral interns and postdoctoral fellows. Provides feedback on grant application and manuscript drafts. 
 Facilitates training seminars for interns, residents, and fellows. 
 Directs the Polytrauma TBI Fellowship where she provides mentored research training to postdoctoral fellows. 
 Administration: 
 Develops and executes the Rehabilitation research strategic plan. 
 Chairs the Rehabilitation Service Research committee. 
 Functions as a member of the Research & Clinical Neuroimaging Program Development committee. 
 Manages management and oversight of research funding within Rehabilitation Service. 
 Work Schedule:  Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm. 
 Recruitment & Relocation Incentives:  Not authorized 
 Financial Disclosure Report:  Not Required
 Travel Required 
 Not required 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 14
 Job family (Series) 
 0601 General Health Science
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 You must be a U.S. Citizen to apply for this job 
 Subject to a background/security investigation 
 All applicants tentatively selected for VA employment in a testing designated position are subject to urinalysis to screen for illegal drug use prior to appointment. Applicants who refuse to be tested will be denied employment with VA. 
 Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959 
 May be required to serve a probationary period 
 Selected applicants will be required to complete an online onboarding process 
 Participation in the seasonal influenza and Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Vaccination programs are requirements for all Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Personnel (HCP) 
 Qualifications 
 ENGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY:  In accordance with 38 U.S.C. 7402(d), No person shall serve in direct patient care positions unless they are proficient in basic written and spoken English. You must be proficient in basic written and spoken English to meet the requirements of this position.
 
 
 BASIC EDUCATION REQUIREMENT:  must have successful completion of a full four (4) year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree that included a major field of study or specific course requirements related to the medical field, health sciences or allied sciences appropriate to the work of this position. (The number of semester hours required to constitute a major field of study is the amount specified by the college or university attended. If this number cannot be obtained, twenty-four (24) semester hours will be considered as equivalent to a major field of study).  (TRANSCRIPT REQUIRED) 
 And 
 In addition to meeting the Basic Requirement above, you must also meet the following additional requirements. 
 
 SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE  GS-14:  having one (1) year of specialized experience which equipped you with the knowledge, skill, and abilities to perform the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of this position? To be creditable, this experience must have been equivalent to at least the GS-13 grade level in the Federal Service. Specialized experience includes: Development of research methods that improve the quality of clinical care in this area (Smart home technologies, artificial intelligence for health data, virtual reality, and telehealth); provides state-of-the-art rehabilitation to aging brain injury population has integrated into all aspects of research from providing IOT based measures from patients, to applying these measures to accurately target brain areas, obtained from precision neuroimaging techniques at the individual patient level, for neuromodulation; uses considerable creativity and originality in building on prior research, stimulating new research, and linking scientific questions to crucial clinical practice-related issues; having Mastery of the application of a wide range of qualitative and quantitative analytical and evaluation methods and techniques sufficient to utilize clinical, research, and administratively aggregated data and statistical analysis to support program managers and policy makers decisions and operations; having expert knowledge of analytical and evaluative methods plus a thorough understanding of how scientific and regulatory programs are administered to select and apply appropriate program evaluation and measurement techniques in determining the extent of compliance with rules and regulations; or in measuring and evaluating scientific program accomplishments; having a substantive knowledge across a variety of scientific literatures as well as use of cutting-edge statistical processes; capable of carving out new research directions that address unresolved issues, integrates large numbers of studies, develops new treatments using innovative techniques, and ultimately adds to existing knowledge; collaborates productively with clinicians within the organization; working with area companies to equip new rehabilitation building and programs with innovative sleep, eye-tracking, virtual reality, artificial intelligence health analytics, and other smart home technologies for gait and medication control; having a comprehensive understanding of administrative laws, policies, regulations, and precedents applicable to the codes, rules, regulations, directives, accreditation standards, other granting agency regulations and recommendations from site visits by specific agencies; into program goals, actions, and service; developing resources (staffing, building and funding) guidance for subordinate activities; develops measurements to evaluate and performs continuous appraisal of the utilization of command resources in accomplishing program objectives and goals. 
 
You will be rated on the following Competencies as part of the assessment questionnaire for this position: 
 Administration and Management 
Research 
Teaching Others 
 
 IMPORTANT:  A full year of work is considered to be 35-40 hours of work per week. All experience listed on your resume must include the month and year start/end dates. Part-time experience will be credited on the basis of time actually spent in appropriate activities. Applicants wishing to receive credit for such experience must indicate clearly the nature of their duties and responsibilities in each position and the number of hours a week spent in such employment. 
 
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student; social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. 
 
For more information on these qualification standards, please visit the United States Office of Personnel Management's website at https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/.
 Education 
 IMPORTANT:  A transcript must be submitted with your application if you are basing all or part of your qualifications on education. 
 
 NOTE:  Only education or degrees recognized by the U.S. Department of Education from accredited colleges, universities, schools, or institutions may be used to qualify for Federal employment. You can verify your education here: http://ope.ed.gov/accreditation/. If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education. For further information, visit: http://www.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html.
 Additional information 
 Physical Requirements:  Work is primarily sedentary. Work will involve some walking between various offices and buildings on hospital campus, as well as standing, bending, and lifting of objects (at least twenty (20lbs)) pounds. Duties include a significant amount of work that will require viewing large amounts of information on a computer screen, and involve a considerable volume of typing. 
 
 Telework:  VA supports the use of telework as a way to help attract and retain talented individuals in public service, increase worker productivity, and better prepare the agency to operate during emergencies. This position may be authorized for telework. Telework eligibility will be discussed during the interview process. 
 
 Receiving Service Credit for Earning Annual (Vacation) Leave:  Federal Employees earn annual leave at a rate (4, 6 or 8 hours per pay period) which is based on the number of years they have served as a Federal employee. VA may offer newly-appointed Federal employee's credit for their job-related non-federal experience or active duty uniformed military service. This credited service can be used in determining the rate at which they earn annual leave. Such credit must be requested and approved prior to the appointment date and is not guaranteed. 
 
 Special Employment Consideration:  VA encourages persons with disabilities to apply, including those eligible for hiring under 5 CFR 213.3102(u), Schedule A, Appointment of persons with disabilities (i.e., intellectual disabilities, severe physical disabilities, or psychiatric disabilities), and/or disabled veterans with a compensable service-connected disability of 30% or more. For more information on how to apply using this appointment authority via the Selective Placement Coordinator within the office, contact the facility Human Resources Department at  (650) 493-5000 . 
 
It is the policy of the VA to not deny employment to those that have faced financial hardships or periods of unemployment. 
 
 Veterans and Transitioning Service Members:  Please visit the VA for Vets site for career-search tools for Veterans seeking employment at VA, career development services for our existing Veterans, and coaching and reintegration support for military service members. 
 
 The Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) and Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP)  provide eligible displaced Federal competitive service employees with selection priority over other candidates for competitive service vacancies. To be qualified you must submit appropriate documentation and be found well-qualified (have a final rating of 85 or more before any Veterans preference points) for this vacancy. Information about ICTAP and CTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/. 
 
This job opportunity announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies. 
 
If you are unable to apply online or need to fax a document you do not have in electronic form, view the following link for information regarding an Alternate Application. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC . WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). 
 
Your responses to the assessment questionnaire will be reviewed along with the information provided in your resume and supporting documentation to determine if you are qualified for the position. If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your rating may be lowered and/or you may lose consideration for this position. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your eligibility. 
 
Candidates who apply under All U.S. Citizens announcements will be rated and ranked using Category Rating procedures. Qualified candidates will be assigned to a quality category. The categories are defined as follows:
 
 Best qualified - applicants possessing experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors, and who are highly proficient in all requirements of the job and can perform effectively in the position; 
 Highly qualified - applicants possessing experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors, and who are proficient in most of the requirements of the job; 
 Well qualified - applicants possessing experience that meets the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors, and who are proficient in some, but not all, of the requirements of the job; and 
 Qualified - applicants possessing experience and/or education that meets the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors. 
 Application of Veterans' Preference : Category rating and selection procedures place those with veteran's preference above non-preference eligibles within each category. Preference eligible applicants that meet the eligibility and qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent are listed in the highest quality category (except when the position being filled is scientific or professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher). 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Non-sensitive (NS)/Low Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 IMPORTANT: Please ensure your resume include up-to-date contact information (phone number(s), email address(s), etc.) 
 
To apply for this position, you must provide a complete Application Package which includes: 
 
Resume 
 
The following documents are accepted, and may be required if applicable to your eligibility and/or qualifications for this position. Please use this checklist to ensure you have included all documents required for your application, such as a copy of your transcript (if using education to qualify), SF-50's (current/former Federal employees), documentation to support Veterans Preference or ICTAP/CTAP documentation (for displaced Federal employees). 
 Cover Letter 
DD-214/ Statement of Service 
Disability Letter (VA) 
OF-306 
Other (1) 
Other (2) 
Resume 
Separation Notice (RIF) 
SF-15 
SF-50/ Notification of Personnel Action 
Transcript 
 
 Veterans' Preference:  When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible Veterans should claim preference for 5pt (TP), 10pt (CP/CPS/XP), or for Sole Survivor Preference (SSP) in the questionnaire. You must provide a legible copy of your DD214(s) which shows dates and character of service (honorable, general, etc.). If you are currently serving on active duty and expect to be released or discharged within 120 days you must submit documentation related to your active duty service which reflects the dates of service, character of service (honorable, general, etc.), and dates of impending separation. Additionally, disabled veterans and others eligible for 10-point preference (such as widows or mothers of eligible Veterans) must also submit an SF-15 "Application for 10 Point Veteran Preference" with required proof as stated on the form.  Documentation is required to award preference.  For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit Feds Hire Vets - Veterans - Job Seekers - Veterans' Preference.
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S. usajobs.gov 9 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Specialist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at US Veterans Health Administration in Palo Alto, CA Research Specialist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Veterans Health Administration US Veterans Health Administration 10,376 reviews Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is the nation’s largest integrated health care system, providing comprehensive patient care to Vetera... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
