
 
 
 
 MAIDAP Software Engineer: Full Time Opportunities for University Graduates - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search MAIDAP Software Engineer: Full Time Opportunities for University Graduates Microsoft 7,267 reviews Cambridge, MA Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Every year, we welcome thousands of university graduates from every corner of the world to join Microsoft. You bring your aspirations, talent, potential—and excitement for the journey ahead. 
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more and when you begin your career with us, we empower you through the Microsoft Aspire Experience. Those hired into this role are invited to participate in this two-year learning and development experience where you'll build your network, cultivate intentional capabilities and gain perspective into the career opportunities across Microsoft’s many exciting businesses. 
We’re a company of learn-it-all’s rather than know-it-alls and our culture is centered around embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. Does this sound like you? Learn more about our cultural attributes. 
Are you ready to join us and create the future?  Come as you are, do what you love—start your journey with us today! 
A new technology paradigm is emerging, one with an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge. To foster Microsoft’s leadership in this field, Microsoft has launched a ground-breaking program to develop the next generation of leaders in AI. Located at the Microsoft New England Research and Development Center (NERD), the Microsoft AI Development Acceleration Program (MAIDAP) is hiring BS, MS, and PhD graduates from programs in Machine Learning or Data Science related fields. Over the course of two years, participants will work in interdisciplinary project teams to provide AI as a service to engineering teams across Microsoft and solve some of our most exciting and challenging AI problems. In addition, you will have mentors, exposure to leaders, and access to numerous AI data scientists, researchers and engineers across the company. After the program is completed, each participant will have the opportunity to work with one of the sponsoring Microsoft teams in Cambridge, MA or other Microsoft locations. 
Responsibilities 
Lead the design and the implementation of AI solutions for Microsoft’s products and services. 
Test and review all new and modified code and data pipelines. 
Build out new API infrastructure and endpoints, data pipelines, as necessary. 
Build reporting and monitoring mechanisms into our solutions. 
Analyze technology industry and market trends and choose their potential impact on the solutions. 
Develop patterns, standards and guidelines necessary to uphold our design principles and maintain integrity of the product architecture. 
Participate in key project design reviews. 
Collaborate with partner teams for code integration and with program managers to translate functional requirements into working solutions. 
Patent and publish relevant IP and scientific research. 
Up to 10% travel may be required. 
Qualifications 
Currently pursuing or completed a bachelor's or master's degree in the following field: Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, HCI, or other relevant fields. 
2+ years and proven experience in developing in C/C++/Java/C#/Scala and 1+ scripting language. 
Experience in database systems and systems engineering. 
Experience in designing and developing high-scale distributed systems a plus. 
Knowledge of lambda architectures a plus. 
Knowledge of machine learning, data visualization, and AI a plus. 
Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
You are energized by creating AI solutions that can positively impact the work and lives of millions of people. 
You crave data-driven learning. 
You are excited by the prospect of working on a wide variety of datasets and AI applications, across many products and engineering teams. 
You believe that data science is a team sport. 
You love being an active member of a diverse and inclusive cohort.  . 
Must be available to start full time employment Summer 2022. 
Visit our Careers FAQ Page to learn more about the interview process and answers to commonly asked questions. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Microsoft in Cambridge, MA Software Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
