
 
 
 
 Research Scientist (Computer Vision and Algorithmic Fairness) - Massachusetts - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist (Computer Vision and Algorithmic Fairness) Sony AI America Inc. 4,001 reviews Massachusetts Remote Full-time Sony AI America Inc. 4,001 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Summary:
 Sony AI America (SAIA)  is seeking highly motivated, self-driven individuals with expertise in  computer vision  who are interested in conducting research on  algorithmic fairness  . We’re currently looking for smart, enthusiastic people who want to join our team of world-renowned researchers as we push the boundaries of applying AI in support of human creativity. In this role, the successful candidate will research, develop and deploy fair, transparent, and accountable technology for image processing and other business areas. Sony AI America is a remote-work organization  – location is flexible  .
 Responsibilities:
 Execute research programs on computer vision and algorithmic fairness.
 Work closely with product and compliance teams to address AI ethics questions across Sony's diverse businesses.
 Work closely with a team of AI researchers and programmers in the U.S., Switzerland, and Japan on ambitious AI projects.
 Investigate new algorithms to solve fundamental algorithmic fairness problems.
 Write code to support research, usually in Python, C++, and/or R.
 Write reports and give presentations for internal audiences.
 Write papers for and give presentations at academic conferences.
 Qualifications:
 PhD or equivalent experience with a track record of relevant academic publications, patents, and/or open source software related to computer vision.
 Seniority will depend on number of years of work experience after PhD (or equivalent experience).
 Passion to develop cutting-edge ethical AI technology and deploy it through a multi-stakeholder approach.
 Experience working with different stakeholders, such as users and product, engineering, legal, and compliance business units.
 Experience in research on algorithmic fairness, accountability, and transparency, especially around detecting and mitigating bias in computer vision technologies, developing privacy-preserving technologies, and causal inference.
 Excellent written and oral communication skills, as well as interpersonal skills, including the ability to articulate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
 For more information and if you want  to apply for similar job openings in Japan or Europe  , please visit https://ai.sony
 #LI-AK1
 Sony AI America, a branch of Sony AI, is a remotely distributed organization spread across the U.S. and Canada. Sony AI is Sony’s new research organization pursuing the mission to use AI to unleash human creativity. Sony AI works closely with Sony’s other business units, including Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC., Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc., and Sony Music Entertainment. With some 900 million Sony devices in hands and homes worldwide today, a vast array of Sony movies, television shows and music, and the PlayStation Network, Sony creates and delivers more entertainment experiences to more people than anyone else on earth. To learn more: https://ai.sony/ Sony Electronics 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Massachusetts Jobs at Sony AI America in Massachusetts Research Scientist salaries in Massachusetts Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sony AI America Inc. Sony AI America Inc. 4,001 reviews Sony is a global company with a simple mission to inspire and fulfill your curiosity. The spirit of innovation and challenge motivates th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
