
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellow - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Fellow MIT 381 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time MIT 381 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity.
 Information on MIT’s COVID-19 vaccination requirement can be found at the bottom of this posting. 
 
 POSTDOCTORAL FELLOW ,  Institute for Medical Engineering and Science (IMES) , to apply machine learning algorithms to the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular diseases, working at the intersection of computer science and medical engineering. Will lead research within the area of atherosclerotic lesion preparation using quantitative medical image processing to provide novel insights into the mechanisms of the interventional procedure. With access to state-of-the-art clinical image data, pre-clinical research facilities, and direct collaboration with leading industry partners and clinicians, will develop machine learning algorithm to extract morphological and functional changes imposed by the procedure. Continuation of the project may also involve predictive model generation and coupling of image analysis with patient-specific interventional modeling. In addition to unique access to medical images and relevant clinical data, will closely work with a team of medical engineers, clinical interventionists, and relevant industry leaders. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 REQUIRED : a completed Ph.D. degree or its equivalent in computer science, artificial intelligence, biomedical engineering, machine learning, or related subject; experience developing and testing deep learning networks; demonstrated publication record in journals/conferences; mastery of Python/MATLAB and expertise with at least one deep learning framework (Tensorflow, PyTorch etchellip); and an interest in medical applications and collaborating with medical professionals.  PREFERRED : experience in cardiovascular research; and familiarity with state-of-the-art architectures and relevant medical image analysis, particularly intravascular modalities.  Job #20005 
 
 In addition  to applying via the MIT website with a cover letter and CV, applicants are asked to send a cover letter, CV, two representative publications, and a list of references via email (with position noted in the subject line) to ere@mit.edu and marlevi@mit.edu. MIT 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at MIT in Cambridge, MA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT MIT 381 reviews The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
