
 
 
 
 Avail - Staff Data Scientist (Remote Home Based Worker) - Northbrook, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Avail - Staff Data Scientist (Remote Home Based Worker) Allstate 8,373 reviews Northbrook, IL Remote $112,800 - $196,800 a year Allstate 8,373 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $112,800 - $196,800 a year Full Job Description Avail is a car sharing service to help people get where they want to go–whether that’s to run errands, take an unforgettable road trip, or explore a new city–while helping locals earn cash from their unused cars. We are passionate about making shared transportation safe, simple, and affordable, and redefining what it means to own a car. 
We’ve assembled some of the sharpest folks from across industries to compete against the antiquated system of traditional car rental. We put ideas into action and learn along the way in an open, collaborative work environment. As a part of Avail, you’ll make a direct impact and help build a business from the ground up. No matter where you’ve been, we’re always looking for fresh thinking and new perspectives. 
Job Summary 
As a car-sharing marketplace, Avail has great opportunities in the space of revenue management - the science of managing supply and demand through the setting of prices and inventory in order to maximize market efficiency. To address challenges in this space, the Avail Data Team is looking for a Data Scientist with a background in Operations Research or Econometric Optimization. The techniques developed by this role will be directly productionized into the Avail system for critical functions such as solving for the right supply/demand balance in the peer-to-peer marketplace; differential pricing and market segmentation; inventory management and optimal borrower-to-owner allocations. This position can be based in either of two Avail HQ offices at San Francisco or Chicago, or fully remote with semi-regular travel to SF HQ. 
Key Responsibilities 
Work with the Avail corpus of vehicle sharing data, and identify external data sets that are appropriate and useful for solving Avail’s revenue management challenges 
Investigate and provide solutions for challenges in Avail’s revenue management and operations research, including optimal inventory allocations, pricing, balancing risk and revenue, demand and supply forecasting, and other such quantitative problems 
Work with the data engineering team to productionize and validate optimization algorithms and heuristics developed in R&D 
Builds & evolves vision and strategy of using machine learning/predictive modeling, optimization and data within their area of responsibility 
Builds alignment for vision and strategy with business and technology stakeholders, fostering relationships and engaging resources across departments 
Serves as subject matter expert and consultant on data and analytics related issues inside and outside the department 
Effectively understands the business problems, requirements, and context in communicating findings to ensure solutions are well understood and incorporated into business processes 
Determines optimal program organization and delivery approach, assists in managing budget, coordinating resources and oversees development of integrated project plans 
Leads managers and builds and develops team dedicated to executing analytics initiatives 
Supervisory Responsibilities : 
This job does have supervisory duties 
Job Qualifications 
Education and Experience 
PhD or equivalent industry experience in Operations Research, Optimization, or Econometrics 
Prior experience in translating academic solutions from the lab into practical systems solving real world business challenges 
Functional Skills 
Demonstrated ability to deeply understand business operations, in order to effectively ascertain data and analytics opportunities and growth areas. 
Proven ability to understand and formalize constraints and goals in new and unique business domains 
Extensive experience in leading teams and cross functional projects across data, analytics, technology and business Proven ability to manage teams overseeing machine learning, artificial intelligence, and predictive modeling development. 
Proven knowledge of advanced techniques, and when and where to apply them. Proven knowledge of ability to execute these statistical techniques in modern development environments 
Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms, data, and complex strategies. Ability to present this to others with different levels of expertise. 
Ability to concentrate on a wide range of loosely defined complex situations, which require application of creativity and originality, where guidance and counsel may be unavailable 
Ability to thrive in a fast paced and dynamic remote work environment 
 
Compensation Data 
Compensation range for this position is $112,800 - $196,800 per year, based on experience and qualifications. 
That’s the day to day, here’s the bigger picture. 
Avail was founded by The Allstate Corporation in 2018. But you’ll be working for (and at) Avail. Our work environment blends the ingenuity and flexibility of a startup with the scale and strengths of a Fortune 100 company. Perks include a generous PTO policy, flexible working options, and a focus on leadership, wellness, and culture. We also offer 401k, health insurance, and other employment benefits for your future. 
See a job you love? We encourage you to apply, even if your experience isn’t a perfect match. 
Learn more about life at Avail. Connect with us on Instagram and LinkedIn. 
We generally do not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. 
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 
 
For jobs in San Francisco, please click “here” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “here” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. 
 
To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “here”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs 
 
To view the FMLA poster, click “here”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint. 
 
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. Allstate 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Northbrook, IL Jobs at Allstate in Northbrook, IL Data Scientist salaries in Northbrook, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Allstate Allstate 8,373 reviews Corporate Careers

Allstate believes that loving your job is an important step in living a good life. That’s why creating a unique and ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
