
 
 
 
 Business Development Specialist - PC Based Automation - Flexible Location - San Francisco, CA 94128 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Development Specialist - PC Based Automation - Flexible Location Siemens 9,995 reviews San Francisco, CA 94128 Siemens 9,995 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Business Development Specialist - PC-Based Automation 
 Position Overview 
 
At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here:  www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds 
 
The Factory Automation Business Unit has an exciting new opportunity for a product focused Business Development Specialist for Industrial PC’s & PC-based Automation, responsible for the Western USA. 
 
If you have a successful track record of selling sophisticated factory automation products and solutions into strategic accounts, developing and executing detailed business development plans, have excellent communication and presentation skills, have a passion for driving the best end-to-end automation solutions in the market, and being part of a highly diverse and dynamic team, we want to talk to you! 
 
The Business Development Specialist will be responsible for being a highly effective member of the Factory Automation business development organization working with our TIA sales organization, partners and customers to drive mutual success. The successful candidate will be an outward focused, customer driven, and highly results-oriented business developer. This individual will be joining one of the best business development teams at Siemens! 
The overall requirements of the position are:
 This position is an integral part of the Siemens Digital Industries team for the Factory Automation Business Unit. As a product focused Business Development Specialist your ultimate responsibility is to grow Siemens Factory Automation business for our Industrial PC and PC-based Automation product portfolio 
 As a Business Development Specialist, you will be passionate about the regional portfolio of key target growth accounts (opportunistic or existing) where you will be responsible for developing and executing sales strategies and plans to convert automation business to Siemens. 
 You will also be tasked with finding and developing new opportunities/leads for Industrial PC’s and PC-based Automation and maintain account responsibility through the conversion process 
 The PC-based Automation Business Development Specialist will report to the Factory Automation Business Unit and will report directly to the Product Marketing Development Manager. 
 Responsibilities 
 Product specialist with a detailed knowledge in the Factory Automation portfolio (PLC, HMI, SCADA, IIOT and IPC) providing comprehensive assistance in key sales situations. 
 He or she must have a strong technical understanding of Industrial PC technologies, PC-based Automation architectures and requirements as well as an outstanding knowledge of markets, trends, application/product requirements, competitive landscapes and customer decision processes for PC-based Automation. 
 Applies acquired process, application, product and/or equipment knowledge based on current industry trends (IIOT & EDGE), standard methodologies, performance, price and functionality to define the future automation strategy for specific strategic accounts. 
 Works with account managers and channel partners at identified accounts to drive conversion and allow Siemens Factory Automation product to be approved for use. Drives Factory Automation focused awareness with the sales team, channel & partner eco-system and vertical sales team. 
 Provides technical product presentations and consultation for the development and implementation of customer solutions or standards. 
 Leads opportunity pipeline in Siemens CRM system and provides monthly operating report. 
 Performs sophisticated hardware and/or software design consultation in accordance with customer/project needs. 
 Provides one-on-one support and assist customers through applications from concept through completion. 
 Applies excellent speaking and presentation skills to promote Factory Automation products and solutions. 
 Effectively develops relationships and influences key decision-makers within an account including at the executive management levels. 
 Works in a team environment with other FA field and support resources (application engineers, marketing, etc.) to convert large opportunities in the market. 
 Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience 
 The person must have strong relationship building and interpersonal skills. They must have a deep understanding of factory automation systems (PLCs, HMIs, SCADA, IIOT, Industrial Computers, Fieldbus Networks, and Industrial Software), and a superb ability to present them in a small or large group settings. The person must be task oriented with outstanding time management skills. The candidate must be a great teammate and have the ability to work in a highly matrixed organization. This person must be self-motivated and proactive in order to keep a focus on driving account plans to ultimately close orders and grow business. The skills, experience, and education required are: 
 
 Measurable track record of success in external sales/business development 
 Ability to excel within a developmental top-down, solution selling model 
 Excellent written and verbal communication/presentation skills 
 Three or more years of consultative sales experience, with validated sales results 
 Organization skills to lead schedule and travel 
 Computer proficiency - knowledge of MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) 
 Must have had a minimum of 5 years sales/marketing experience and knowledge of PLC, HMI, IPC, SCADA, IIOT and networking architectures 
 Highly technology driven, knowledgeable and familiar with market trends (Edge Computing, IIOT, Artificial Intelligence, Big-Data, Cloud Computing and Analytics) 
 Develop knowledge of major markets in the region and its customers to grow and handle target account list 
 Experience collaborating with distribution preferred 
 Education: BS/BA Electrical Engineering or Computer Science preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience. HS Diploma Required. 
 Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience 
 The key attributes we are looking for in this position, but not required to be considered for this position are: 
 
 Worked 5+ years in factory automation business development 
 Have excellent knowledge of the Siemens Automation products 
 Has solid understanding of competitive products 
 Excellent understanding of “Smart Manufacturing” and how new technologies are applied 
 Familiarity with regional markets and customers 
 Willing to travel 50-70% within the assigned region (Western USA) 
 
 At Siemens, we are committed to an ownership culture, in which every employee takes personal responsibility for our company’s success. We utilize lean principles and seek to continually improve our processes and customers’ experience. 
 
We offer flexible vacation time, a matching 401K plan, profit sharing, full health, life, vision and dental benefits. 
Organization:  Digital Industries 
Company:  Siemens Logistics LLC 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 3 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Development Specialist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Siemens in San Francisco, CA Business Development Specialist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Siemens 9,995 reviews Siemens AG is a German engineering conglomerate, the largest of its kind in Europe. Siemens has international headquarters located in Ber... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
