
 
 
 
 Accessibility Specialist - Alexa Accessibility - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Accessibility Specialist - Alexa Accessibility Amazon.com Services LLC 74,667 reviews Seattle, WA Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,667 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience in Computer Science, UX Research, Information Systems Management, or other related fields. 
 3+ years of experience in accessibility as a leader, product or program manager, or consultant 
 3+ years of experience working with assistive technology, such as screen readers, magnification software, switch control devices, text to speech, etc. 
 3+ years of experience advocating on behalf of customers with disabilities. 
 Advanced knowledge of accessibility standards, such as WCAG, ARIA, Section 508, etc. 
 
Want to join a startup team building looking over Alexa experiences for customers with accessibility needs? Come join the Alexa For Everyone team to impact the feature experience, design, architecture, and implementation of cutting-edge products and services for access customers across the Alexa experience.
 
A day in the life
 As the Alexa Accessibility specialist within our Alexa For Everyone team, you will own and facilitate our cross-Alexa accessibility program. You will work with our engineering team and other stakeholder teams
 to ensure the high quality bar of our team's product and influence design and best practices across Alexa. You will work closely with other Accessibility teams within Alexa or Amazon to deliver new features that bring more independence to our customers with disabilities. You will drive improvements to our existing processes and tools in order to improve the team’s speed, quality, and efficiency.
 
About the hiring group
 The Alexa Accessibility team's goal is to ensure that Alexa is accessible to customers of all abilities and bring specific value when it makes sense. Over the years, the team has design and developed key features for our customers, including Tap To Alexa (our touch interface to interact with Alexa), Alexa Captions and live Call Captioning or Show and Tell where low vision or blind users can ask Alexa on our Echo shows to identify an object by saying "Alexa, what am I holding?"
 
Job responsibilities
 
 Research, define and evangelize accessibility requirements for Alexa Accessibility features and experiences 
 Develop accessibility tools and testing frameworks to improve operational excellence of design, product, and engineering teams. 
 Assess and benchmark the quality of the Alexa experience for access customers and report progress to leadership team 
 Educate and guide partner teams on our customer segment requirements and best practices to serve those 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
 
 Excellent communication, presentation, interpersonal and analytical skills; the ability to understand and communicate complex concepts clearly and persuasively. 
 Ability to identify and help solve accessibility-specific technical issues and concerns. 
 Experience launching new software features across a variety of surfaces and platforms. 
 Familiarity with UX design and processes. 
 Familiarity with VUI and Conversational AI products. 
 
 Amazon.com 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Access Control Specialist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Access Control Specialist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,667 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
