
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - AI/ML - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - AI/ML Intel 5,494 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Join Intel-and build a better tomorrow. Intel is in the midst of an exciting transformation, with a vision to create and extend computing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on Earth. So join us-and help us create the next generation of technologies that will shape the future for decades to come.
 Human and AI Systems Research (HAR) Lab in Intel Labs focuses on multi-disciplinary research spanning ethnography, design, HCI and AI to create Human/AI collaborative systems that can amplify human potential and create sustainable and transparent AI solutions. We utilize multi-modal signals (e.g. vision, audio, speech, language , physiology) and AI to infer and predict human state and actions and enable contextual learning for physically situated recognition, dialog and interactions. We conduct fundamental and applied research in the context of vertical domains including manufacturing, education, enterprise, and assistive computing. 
Intel Labs is an industry-leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline, product innovations, and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. 
HAR is looking for a FT Researcher with experience at the intersection of machine learning and human computer interaction domain who can lead and/or collaborate on research projects being conducted in one or more of HAR's interdisciplinary focus areas.
 As a FT Researcher you will be working on developing interactive learning systems with one or more of modalities such as language, vision, speech or physiology. Current projects span across vertical domains like smart education, enterprise collaboration or manufacturing augmentation.
 In this position you will have the opportunity to conduct independent research on building multimodal learning systems and applications. Typical work would span across running data collection and annotation experiments via crowdsourcing, developing, optimizing and deploying deep learning models with limited data, and developing and applying model interpretation methods to support decision making. You will be researching fundamental concepts and methods for mixed-initiative learning systems, building and evaluating systems and proofs-of-concept that will allow for the deployment of scalable approaches in real settings. This research will enable internal technology transfers and publication of findings in both internal and external venues. 
The successful candidate should exhibit the following behavioral traits: 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
What we offer: 
We give you opportunities to transform technology and create a better future, by delivering products that touch the lives of every person on earth. 
As a global leader in innovation and new technology, we foster a collaborative, supportive, and exciting environment where the brightest minds in the world come together to achieve exceptional results. 
We offer a competitive salary and financial benefits such as bonuses, life and disability insurance, opportunities to buy Intel stock at a discounted rate, and Intel stock awards (eligibility at the discretion of Intel Corporation). 
We provide benefits that promote a healthy, enjoyable life: excellent medical plans, wellness programs, and amenities, time off, recreational activities, discounts on various products and services, and much more creative perks that make Intel a Great Place to Work! 
We're constantly working on making a more connected and intelligent future, and we need your help. Change tomorrow. Start today. 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience would be obtained through a combination of prior education level classes, and current level school classes, projects, research, and relevant previous job and/or internship experience. 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Ph.D. program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or any related field. 
1+ year experience in Deep Learning, i.e. Spoken Dialog Systems, Language Models, Multimodal Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Interpretable Machine Learning. 
1+ year experience on novel paradigms beyond supervised learning, such as weakly supervised multimodal learning, Human in the loop approach, Learning by demonstration, and unsupervised methods. 
1+ year experience of widely utilized AI frameworks (e.g. Pytorch, TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe). 
1+ experience with Python and/or C++ languages, and Linux OS. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in deploying machine learning systems at scale. 
Experience in Deep Learning based techniques at the intersection of Speech, Vision and Dialog. 
Experience in running model deployment experiments with human subjects. 
Knowledge of Machine Learning techniques such as Few Shot Learning, Meta Learning, Adversarial Learning, Probabilistic methods, Model Adaptation and Personalization methods. 
Knowledge of NLP techniques such as natural language understanding, dialog management and natural language generation. 
Knowledge of Computer Vision techniques such as object recognition, action recognition, segmentation and tracking. 
Knowledge of Speech Understanding techniques such as speaker identification, diarization, speech recognition and synthesis. 
Knowledge of black-box Model Interpretability techniques for explaining model predictions. 
Familiarity with Intel OpenVino and RealSense technologies. 
Inside this Business Group 
Intel Labs is the company's world-class, industry leading research organization, responsible for driving Intel's technology pipeline and creating new opportunities. The mission of Intel Labs is to deliver breakthrough technologies to fuel Intel's growth. This includes identifying and exploring compelling new technologies and high risk opportunities ahead of business unit investment and demonstrating first-to-market technologies and innovative new usages for computing technology. Intel Labs engages the leading thinkers in academia and industry in addition to partnering closely with Intel business units. 
Other Locations 
 
US, Oregon, Hillsboro 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Research Scientist salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
