
 
 
 
 Graphic Designer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graphic Designer NCI Information Systems Inc. 407 reviews Remote Full-time NCI Information Systems Inc. 407 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies. NCI's AI solution, Shai(tm), scales humans with artificial intelligence by empowering the workforce to meet their mission by using best in class AI solutions coupled with our exceptional service offerings. Working with strategic partners, NCI is committed to bringing commercial innovation to missions of national importance. NCI is a mid-tier systems integrator headquartered in Reston, VA, and operates at locations across the globe. 
NCI has been designated a 2020 Military Friendly Employer by MilitaryFriendly.com 
 
Responsibilities:
 
Looking to join a highly effective creative team laser focused on changing the government for the better? Look no further! 
NCI’s graphic designer creates engaging and on-brand graphics for all types of media. Your goal will be to capture the attention of our customers and partners and use graphics to inspire. From illustrations and logos to websites, newsletters and more, you will use your creative expertise to translate concepts into design. 
Highlights of Responsibilities: 
Executes graphic projects and assists in coordination of all graphic production scheduling; coordinates production support with outside vendors, as needed 
Ensures that graphic projects are completed on time, within budget and to user’s satisfaction 
Interfaces with users to determine scope of project and best graphic medium 
Troubleshoots computer graphics equipment problems and performs minor preventive maintenance 
Remains current in the Graphic Design industry; identifying new traits, techniques and/or shortcuts 
Conceptualizes graphics and creates/edits high-end, high impact graphics 
Develops conference materials including banners, posters, collateral material and interactive presentations 
Facilitates photo and video shoots to build a brand and program specific photo/video library, including editing 
Develops advertising campaigns based on the targeted audience 
Develops web banners, graphics, pages, and ads for inclusion on web-based marketing initiatives 
Develops animation for use in interactive marketing initiatives 
Provides website design, develops web pages and oversees general webmaster duties using CMS’s such as WordPress 
Trains other personnel in proper use of computer graphic equipment / may supervise other department members 
Work through the entire design lifecycle- from conceptualizing based on requirements to preparing and presenting ideas, developing illustrations, testing graphics, and ensuring final graphics are engaging and on-brand 
Use digital illustration, photo editing software, and layout software to create designs 
Collaborate with NCI copywriters to create compelling graphics that support the written word 
Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure our product copy tells a strong story of how we solve customers’ problems 
Qualifications:
 
Minimum Requirements: 
Bachelor's degree in graphic arts, design, communications, or equivalent related experience 
At least seven (7) years of professional experience 
Knowledge of layouts, graphic fundamentals, typography, print, and the web 
Familiarity with HTML and CSS preferred 
Knowledge of Adobe PhotoShop, Illustrator, Sketch, InDesign, and other graphic design software 
Compelling portfolio of work over a wide range of creative projects 
Strong analytical skills 
Excellent eye for detail 
Ability to work methodically and meet deadlines 
At least two (2) years’ experience in Government Contracting 
Qualities We Seek: 
In addition to the requirements of the position, we are especially seeking candidates who share our team values of transparency, humility, creativity, and action. Among the qualities we seek are: 
Stellar communications and interpersonal skills 
Strong attention to detail and organization skills 
Proactive problem-solving ability
 Strong visual, creative, and storytelling senses 
Experience working in fast-paced environments with the ability to handle simultaneous projects and still meet deadlines 
A passion for delivering and readiness to constantly iterate NCI Information Systems Inc. 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Graphic Designer jobs in Remote Jobs at NCI Information Systems in Remote Graphic Designer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NCI Information Systems Inc. NCI Information Systems Inc. 407 reviews NCI is a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health care and civilian government agencie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
