
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Scholar - Portland, OR 97239 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Scholar Oregon Health & Science University 695 reviews Portland, OR 97239 Full-time Oregon Health & Science University 695 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Department Overview: 
This position involves research in artificial intelligence, optical coherence tomography and participation in functional imaging research in retinal diseases under the supervision of Hiroshi Ishikawa, MD.
 
 Function/Duties of Position: 
Design, implement, training, testing, and validation of machine learning models for our research purposes.
 
Help curating the clinical research data.
 
Help developing various tools for clinical data preparation for research purposes
 
Write and publish papers of research studies.
 
Write at least one grant application for his/her own research.
 
 Required Qualifications: 
PhD in Artificial Intelligence, Vision and Image Processing, or similar field study.
 
0-3 years of relevant experience.
 
Detail oriented and meticulous in all aspects of work. Requires exceptional organizational skills, strong communication skills with the public as well as with physicians/researchers, and exceptional database management abilities. Strong follow-through skills and ability to pro-actively identify and solve problems. Demonstrated innovation, initiative, and problem-solving skills are imperative. Ability to work well independently and multi-task is critical. The ability to work well with team members is essential. Familiarity with research design, statistics, and use of computers for research is preferred. Working knowledge of computer software including Excel, Word, Powerpoint, and Photoshop is desired. Strong written and verbal communication abilities. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Good time management skills and attention to detail. Ability to meet deadlines, and willingness to serve as a positive and professional role model.
 
Must have demonstrated record of reliable attendance, punctuality and proven successful performance in past and present.
 
 All are welcome:  Oregon Health & Science University values a diverse and culturally competent workforce. We are proud of our commitment to being an equal opportunity, affirmative action organization that does not discriminate against applicants on the basis of any protected class status, including disability status and protected veteran status. Individuals with diverse backgrounds and those who promote diversity and a culture of inclusion are encouraged to apply. To request reasonable accommodation contact the Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Department at  503-494-5148  or aaeo@ohsu.edu. Oregon Health & Science University 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oregon Health & Science University Oregon Health & Science University 695 reviews Oregon Health & Science University is a nationally prominent research university and Oregon's only public academic health center. U.S. Ne... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
