
 
 
 
 Technology Mentor - Fairfax, VA 22030 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technology Mentor George Mason University 625 reviews Fairfax, VA 22030 $80,000 a year George Mason University 625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $80,000 a year Full Job Description Technology Mentor
 
 
The George Mason University, Mason Enterprise Center invites applications for a Technology Mentor position which will serve the Northern Virginia area. George Mason University has a strong institutional commitment to the achievement of excellence and diversity among its faculty and staff, and strongly encourages candidates to apply who will enrich Mason’s academic and culturally inclusive environment. 
 
 About the Department:
 
 
The Virginia SBDC and its ICAP program are part of the Mason Enterprise Center.
 
 
 Virginia  SBDC :  The Virginia SBDC is an organization of 27 local Small Business Development Center offices across Virginia providing professional business counseling, training, and business resources to help grow and strengthen Virginia businesses.
 
 
 ICAP :  The Innovation Commercialization Assistance Program (ICAP) is focused on helping Virginia-based technology and innovation-driven startups on their path to success. ICAP works with startups to provide support along their entire journey towards scaling – from the early idea stage, all the way through working on Series A level of funding. This is accomplished through experiential learning programs and one-on-one advising with a team of experienced entrepreneurs and intrapreneurs. These services are offered at no cost and all advising is confidential.
 
 
 About the Position: 
 
 *This Position will serve the Northern Virginia area * 
 
The Innovation Commercialization Assistance Program (ICAP), a program of the Virginia Small Business Development Center (Virginia SBDC) housed at George Mason University, is hiring a Technology Mentor to provide technology startup clients with guidance and support as they work to achieve key milestones of the startup process. 
 
Mason uses Lean Startup-based instruction and mentoring. This includes business model validation through identifying and understanding market need, customer segment identification, and value proposition development, as well as MVP development, securing pilots/early sales, and connecting clients to key resources, such as accelerators, investors, potential partners, trade organizations, etc. The team will also identify financial resources and help companies with strategies to scale. 
 
In addition to working one-on-one with clients, mentors will also become involved in the regional and statewide entrepreneurial ecosystems. This includes engaging potential and existing partners, developing client pipelines, presenting at relevant events, and traveling throughout the region when necessary for in-person meetings. Technology mentors will have subject matter expertise in one or more of the areas listed below: 
 Cybersecurity 
 IoT 
 Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality 
 Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Quantum Computing 
 Energy and Infrastructure 
 Unmanned Systems 
 SaaS 
 Data 
 Digital Marketplaces 
 Education Technology 
 Smart Cities 
 Advanced Manufacturing 
 Transportation Technology 
 Agricultural Technology 
 Financial Technology 
 
 
This position is part-time with benefits, at 32 hours per week. 
 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 Mentoring/Advising of Entrepreneurs: 
 Meeting one-on-one with entrepreneurs to provide strategic and tactical guidance; 
 Meeting as a mentor team with entrepreneurs to provide strategic and tactical guidance; 
 Referring client to appropriate resources when needed. 
 Partner Development: 
 Finding, meeting with, and developing ongoing partnership relationships; 
 Assisting localities and regions, as able and approve by the ICAP Director, with their entrepreneurial ecosystem development activities. 
 Presenting: 
 Presenting to partner organizations on startup related topics; 
 Presenting to the ICAP community on startup related topics. 
 Travel: 
Traveling to meetings and events as part of your ongoing duties. 
 Reporting: 
Reporting activities as prescribed by the Virginia SBDC and Mason. 
 
   
 Required Qualifications: 
 Master’s degree in Business or related field; or equivalent combination of education and experience; 
 Level of Experience: 
 Extensive background (15+ Years) in technology businesses or specific business expertise appropriate for your assigned tasks; 
 Domain expertise in particular technology sectors; 
 Experience in starting, launching, and exiting a technology startup. 
 Knowledge 
 Executive (C-level) management experience in startup company/s; 
 Extensive background (15+ Years) in technology businesses or specific business expertise appropriate for your assigned tasks; 
 Domain expertise in particular technology sectors; 
 Experience in starting, launching, and exiting a technology startup; 
 Experience raising non-dilutive, pre-seed, seed and successive rounds of angel and venture capital funds. 
 Skills 
 The ability to deliver direct feedback in a professional manner; 
 Excellent communication and multitasking skills. 
 Abilities 
 Provide one-on-one business advising to high-growth potential startup companies; 
 Develop a plan, to be updated over time, for each client that focuses on meeting key milestones; 
 Help companies develop effective pitch decks and engage with potential investors; 
 Assist companies in adding key talent and building core teams; 
 Demonstrated ability to assume responsibility, work without direct supervision, exercise initiative and good judgment, and make decisions within the broad scope of assigned authority; 
 Demonstrated ability to maintain the highest standards of quality and professionalism in work habits and time management; ensure that all communications are of the highest standard; and deliver excellent quality service in the conduct of duties. 
 
   
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Successful exit(s) from a technology startup; 
 5+ years of technology startup mentorship experience. 
 Special Instructions to Applicants
 For full consideration, applicants must apply at https://jobs.gmu.edu/; complete and submit the online application; and upload a cover letter, resume, and a list of three professional references with contact information. 
For Full Consideration, Apply by: September 17, 2021 George Mason University 23 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mentor jobs in Fairfax, VA Jobs at George Mason University in Fairfax, VA Mentor salaries in Fairfax, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from George Mason University George Mason University 625 reviews George Mason University (also Mason), located in Fairfax, Virginia, United States, is the largest public research university in the Commo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
