
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Associate, Geography - Buffalo, NY 14260 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Associate, Geography University at Buffalo 637 reviews Buffalo, NY 14260 $50,000 - $60,000 a year  -   Full-time, Part-time University at Buffalo 637 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $50,000 - $60,000 a year Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description The Department of Geography at the University at Buffalo (UB) invites applications for a postdoctoral scholar position for a NASA-funded project on ecological forecasting and biodiversity. This project aims to integrate remote sensing, field observations, and environmental variables to predict and evaluate near-real-time changes in an open ecosystem: the fynbos of the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa. Novel statistical modeling and geospatial artificial intelligence (GeoAI) methods will be developed to fuse these large geographic datasets and perform ecological forecasting and anomaly detection to advance our understanding on the vegetation dynamics in the study region. 
 
The successful candidate will join an interdisciplinary research team, and will be co-advised by the PIs, including Adam M Wilson and Yingjie Hu at the University at Buffalo, Jasper Slingsby at the University of Cape Town, and Glenn Moncrieff at the South African Environmental Observation Network. The candidate can pursue part-time independent research related to the project objectives, and will develop and enhance skills in ecological forecasting and novel computational methods. The selected postdoctoral scholar is expected to start September 15, 2021. Depending on the COVID-19 situation, the scholar can work remotely for some time period. 
 
Key responsibilities: 
 Analyzing and fusing big geo data from a variety of sources 
 Developing statistical and GeoAI models for ecological forecasting 
 Planning and facilitating communications & meetings for team members and consultants 
 Facilitating communications with stakeholder groups 
 Project reporting 
 National and international travel will be expected following current state and federal guidance 
 
 
This position is affiliated with the Department of Geography and the Department of Environment and Sustainability at the University at Buffalo (UB), a large R1 Research University on the shores of Lake Erie.
 
 
 Outstanding Benefits Package 
 
Working at UB comes with benefits that exceed salary alone. There are personal rewards including comprehensive health and retirement plan options. We also focus on creating and sustaining a healthy mix of work, personal and academic pursuit – all in an effort to support your work-life effectiveness. Visit our benefits website to learn about our benefit packages.
 
 
 About UB 
 
The University at Buffalo is SUNY’s most comprehensive public research university, and an outstanding place to work. UB amplifies ambition for faculty and staff by offering endless possibilities to achieve more. Here, people from all backgrounds and cultures challenge and inspire each other to discover, learn and succeed. Dedicated staff and engaged faculty collaborate to further knowledge and understanding, and develop tenacious graduates who are valued for their talents and their impact on global society. Visit our website to learn more about the University at Buffalo. 
 
As an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer, the Research Foundation will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant’s race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin and veteran or disability status. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Ph.D. in remote sensing, ecology, geography, engineering, or a related field 
 Ability to work both in an interdisciplinary research team and independently 
 Excellent communication and conflict resolution skills 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Prior experience with bayesian statistics, ecological forecasting and big geo data 
 Prior experience with deep learning and GeoAI research 
 
 
 Physical Demands 
 none 
 
 Salary Range   $50,000 - $60,000 
 
 Work Hours 
 Hours based on full time work week. 
 
 Campus   North Campus 
 
 Posting Alerts 
 
 Special Instructions Summary 
 Please include a “Contributions to Diversity Statement” which describes your past experience and future plans to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion to support UB’s goal to create a diverse workforce and enhance our ability to fulfill the mission of education, research, and public service (< 1 page). Furthermore, inclusion is a core NASA value. By fostering an atmosphere of inclusion and respect for all, we value the strengths afforded by both our commonalities and differences with an aim to fully engage and utilize talents, ideas, and perspectives. NASA is interested in increasing the diversity of race, ethnicity, gender, ability, and career stage in science teams. Please be sure to include contact information for three professional references. Please attach one recent first-author publication relevant to this position (Publication 1). Optionally, attach 1-2 additional papers as “Publication 2/Publication 3”. 
 
 Contact's Name   Adam M. Wilson 
 
 Contact's Title   Associate Professor 
 
 Contact's Email   adamw@buffalo.edu 
 
 Contact's Phone   716-645-0502 
 
 Posted   07/21/2021 
 
 Deadline for applicants   Open Until Filled 
 
 Date to be filled   09/15/2021 
 
 Number of references required   3 
 
 Reference Cutoff Date 
 
 Instructions to Applicant University at Buffalo 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Buffalo, NY Jobs at University at Buffalo in Buffalo, NY Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Buffalo, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from University at Buffalo 637 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
