
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate Professor in Computational Physiology/Biomechanics/Kinesiology - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate Professor in Computational Physiology/Biomechanics/Kinesiology University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Full-time University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The Department of Applied Physiology and Kinesiology (APK) at the University of Florida (UF) invites applications for a faculty member at the rank of Assistant/Associate Professor. We are seeking a candidate who will contribute to the intersection of the academic areas of machine learning/artificial intelligence (AI) and physiology, biomechanics, and/or other subdisciplines of kinesiology. This is a 9-month (1.0 FTE) tenure-accruing position. The search committee welcomes nominations of and applications from anyone who would bring additional dimensions to the university’s research, teaching, and clinical mission, including women, members of minority groups, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 
The Department is one of the premier applied physiology and kinesiology programs in the world. Currently, it employs 29 full-time faculty and enrolls approximately 1,100 students (~825 undergraduate, 333 graduate). The department has state-of-the-art research facilities, which include 8,869 sq. ft. for animal research and 7,839 sq. ft. for human research. Laboratory space is available to support the candidate alongside shared core facilities with cutting-edge equipment for electrophysiology, locomotion, exercise training and motor performance evaluation, cell culture, molecular biology, biochemical analyses, and neuroimaging analyses. UF is the flagship campus of the state of Florida university system and is ranked as the #6 best public US university according to US News and World Report. UF is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and is committed to increasing the diversity of its faculty. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Candidates must have a doctorate degree and expertise in machine learning/AI with a primary interest in the areas of physiology, biomechanics, or kinesiology. The successful candidate must have a promising or distinguished scholarly record, success or promise in obtaining extramural research funding, and promise for teaching excellence. Applicants should also have strong communication skills, along with a commitment to integrity, academic excellence, professional service, and inclusion. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
We will begin evaluation of candidates November 1, 2021, but will accept applications until December 31 or the position is filled. All applications must be submitted on-line at http://apply.interfolio.com/94142 and should include a copy of the following: (1) a letter summarizing the applicant’s qualifications and a description of research interests and goals, (2) complete curriculum vitae, and (3) names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers of at least three references. The start date is August 16, 2022, or as negotiated at time of contract. Send inquiries and nominations to the Chair of the Search Committee, Evangelos Christou eachristou@ufl.edu. 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#category=34 
 
OPEN DATE 
Sep 9, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
26030000 - HH-APPLIED PHYSIO/KINESIOLOGY University of Florida 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
