
 
 
 
 Modeler - Michigan - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Modeler Altair Engineering 88 reviews Michigan Contract Altair Engineering 88 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Transforming the Future with Convergence of Simulation and Data 
 
Modeler
 Job Summary: 
 
Our client in Saline, MI is looking for a Modeler. This is a contract position. 
 
What You Will Do: 
 
 Conduct packaging / layout studies. 
 Develop updatable parametric CATIA V5 2D Drawings & 3D models using TEMA specified design process. 
 Review class ‘A’ surface supplied by styling to identify data quality concerns. 
 Develop B side surface for plastic parts; include manufacturing tool requirements to meet TEMA standards. 
 Develop surface for sheet metal components; include manufacturing tool requirements to meet TEMA standards. 
 Perform blend filleting and pass Level E certification. 
 Check shading quality of blend filleted part data prior to release. 
 Prepare 2D drawings as required to define engineering intent. 
 Check data for accuracy / integrity; make repairs to achieve TEMA requirements for tangency, gap, and content. 
 Accurately complete a part / drawing requirement check sheet. 
 Calculate blank shapes and material yield for body shell parts. 
 Create PowerCopies to automate creation of common features. 
 Complete daily progress tracking sheets. 
 Prepare and negotiate engineer / designer communication and open issue sheets; return completed data to TEMA Engineer with clear status report for open issues. 
 Prepare process documentation using Word, Excel, or PowerPoint. 
 Lead oneself and potentially others in design related activity 
 
 Basics: 
 
 Minimum 10 years of Automotive Design experience in one or more of the following areas prefered: BIW, Body ShelL, Interior Trim, Seats, Functional Parts, Electrical / Wire Harness 
 Minimum 10 years of Modeling experience in Parametric CAD system preferred 
 Minimum of 5,000- 10,000 hrs of parametric modeling experience on CATIA V5 preferred 
 CATIA V5 experience should include the following workbenches: Part Design, Generative Shape Design, Assembly Design and drafting 
 
 How You Will Be Successful: 
 
 Envision the Future 
 Communicate Honestly and Broadly 
 Seek Technology and Business “First” 
 Embrace Diversity and Take Risks 
 
 What We Offer: 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 Comprehensive Benefit Package 
 401(k) with matching contributions 
 Paid Time Off 
 Employee Discounts 
 Free training on all Altair products 
 
 Why Work with Us: 
 
Altair is a global technology company that provides software and cloud solutions in the area of data analytics, product development, and high-performance computing (HPC). Altair enables organizations in nearly every industry to compete more effectively in a connected world, while creating a more sustainable future. With more than 3,000 engineers, scientists, and creative thinkers in 25 countries, we help solve our customer’s toughest challenges and deliver unparalleled service, helping the innovators innovate, drive better decisions, and turn today’s problems into tomorrow’s opportunities.
 Our vision is to transform customer decision making with data analytics, simulation, and high-performance computing. 
 
For more than 30 years, we have been helping our customers integrate electronics and controls with mechanical design to expand product value, develop AI, simulation and data-driven digital twins to drive better decisions, and deliver advanced HPC and cloud solutions to support unlimited idea exploration. To learn more, please visit altair.com 
 
Ready to go? #ONLYFORWARD
 At our core we are explorers; adventures; pioneers. We are the brains behind some of the world’s most revolutionary innovations and are not only comfortable in new and unchartered waters, we dive headfirst. We are the original trailblazers that make the impossible possible, discovering new solutions to our customer’s toughest challenges. 
 
Altair is an equal opportunity employer. Our backgrounds are diverse, and every member of our global team is critical to our success. Altair’s history demonstrations a belief that empowering each individual authentic voice reinforces a culture that thrives because of the uniqueness among our team. Altair Engineering 26 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Altair Engineering in Michigan Company Info Follow Get job updates from Altair Engineering Altair Engineering 88 reviews Altair Engineering is an American product design and development, engineering software and cloud computing software company. Altair was f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
