
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Puerto Rico - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Change Healthcare 1,193 reviews Puerto Rico Full-time Change Healthcare 1,193 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Title: Machine Learning Engineer
 
 
 Overview of Position 
We are looking for a machine learning engineer to join a team building the next generation of image-based AI models to impact healthcare. You will be building, maintaining and improving all parts of the AI development pipeline from data ingestion to production. You will enjoy working with a highly talented and diverse team of data scientists and engineers specializing in deep learning on one of the richest data sets in US healthcare 
The ideal candidate will have a background in cloud-native development, have experience building web applications and Machine Learning Platforms, and deploying data-driven solutions. You are focused on results, a self-starter, able to put the team first, and have demonstrated success working with data scientists to develop and deploy solutions with a focus on impact. 
What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job? 
Provide technical leadership, implementation, and maintenance for Software Engineering projects supporting our AI and machine learning goals 
Modifies, implements, tests, and supports all product-related technology and functionality, including software infrastructure in a GCP hosted environment 
Demonstrates strong drive to learn and advocate for development best practices (TDD, code reviews, CI/CD, etc.) 
Design, build, and launch efficient & reliable data pipelines to move and transform data (both large and small amounts) 
Self-starter that will take tasks and accomplish them with little oversight according to timelines and budgets agreed upon with business and technology stakeholders 
What are the requirements needed for this position? 
3+ years of professional software deployment experience with cloud-based software (Preferably GCP) 
3+ years professional experience with JavaScript, Node.js, React 
3+ years experience building/consuming REST web services 
1+ years professional experience with Kubernetes, NGINX, VM, Database, GKE 
1+ years of experience in Python 
Proficiency with TDD and CI/CD processes 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field or equivalent experiences 
What other skills/experience would be helpful to have? 
Basic understanding or willingness to learn machine learning techniques 
Demonstrated ability to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast-paced environment 
Proven leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices 
Basic understanding of cloud security software engineering 
Experience with ML infrastructure development cycles 
Familiarity with ML tools such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, MLFlow 
What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job?
 General office demands 
#li-remote 
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system! 
Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement 
 Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read  EEO is the Law  at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf. 
If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted. 
Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy. 
California (US) Residents: By submitting an application to Change Healthcare for consideration of any employment opportunity, you acknowledge that you have read and understood Change Healthcare’s Privacy Notice to California Job Applicants Regarding the Collection of Personal Information. 
Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws. Change Healthcare 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Puerto Rico Jobs at Change Healthcare in Puerto Rico Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Puerto Rico Company Info Follow Get job updates from Change Healthcare Change Healthcare 1,193 reviews Change Healthcare is one of the largest, independent healthcare technology companies in the United States. We provide software and analyt... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
