
 
 
 
 SECURITY COORDINATION OFFICER - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SECURITY COORDINATION OFFICER United Nations 814 reviews New York, NY United Nations 814 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Department of Safety and Security (UNDSS) is responsible for providing leadership, operational support and oversight of the United Nations security management system (UNSMS) globally. As a global leader in security risk management principles, UNDSS enables the safe and effective delivery of United Nations programmes and activities in the most complex and challenging environments, while maximizing precious resources. To this end, the work of the Department is aligned under a clear mission, to enable United Nations system programme activities through trusted security leadership and solutions.
 
 
This is a unique opportunity to join a diverse, dynamic and exciting organization gaining unique and valuable experience where security provides great value. Besides the opportunity to gain new skills and further advance security expertise, this position offers a fulfilling environment that gives you satisfaction by contributing directly or indirectly to peace and security, human rights, and achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals. Simply, all humanity will be benefiting from your work. Together, we can make the world a better place. 
 
For more information on the Department, and how we make an impact on the world in enabling the achievement of SDGs, visit: https://www.un.org/undss/ 
 
The advertised position is located in the Europe and Americas Section (EAS) which is within the Division of Regional Operations (DRO) of the Department of Safety and Security. The Division of Regional Operations (DRO) serves as the safety and security focal point for the field duty stations, providing primary operational and technical support. The incumbent will report to the Chief of Section, EAS.
 Responsibilities
 Within delegated authority, the Security Coordination Officer may be responsible for the following duties:
 
 Prepares, reviews, approves or endorses security planning and security management documents for the mission, designated county or geographic area, including all aspects related to elaboration, development, implementation and updating of the documents.
 Monitor, research, and assess all factors on the state of UN security in the assigned geographic region.
 Monitors activities related to the implementation of the approved security measures.
 Maintains and enhances lines of communication with United Nations Security Management System (UNSMS) entities, including agencies funds and programmes and security focal
 points.
 
 Contributes to implementation and evaluation of the preparedness and compliance of the security measures as decided by the United Nations Security Management Team.
 Conducts security surveys and assessments.
 Ensures implementation of safety and security policies of the UNSMS.
 Maintains cooperation and collaborations with authorities and international institutions, provides security briefing, advice and security training to UNSMS personnel and operational partners of the United Nations (such as entities under Saving Life Together framework).
 Provides support to UNSMS organizations in the establishment and maintenance of a functioning Emergency Communication System.
 Conducts facts finding related to security-related incidents involving UN staff members, project personnel or eligible dependents.
 Assists in the response to crisis events and security incidents.
 Facilitates the coordination of Close Protection (CP) security arrangements between field duty stations and headquarters.
 Reviews and/or approves and/or endorses security planning and security management documents.
 Participates in security missions such as inter agency missions, Integrated Task Forces (ITF) missions, Technical Assessment Missions (TAM), Non-Aligned Members (NAM) missions, Security Assessment visits, Fact-finding missions/inquiries.
 Identifies and promotes best practices. Performs other relevant duties as required.
 Competencies
 Professionalism: Knowledge of security management combined with solid background in security or emergency or disaster operations. Ability to make quick decisions in emergencies or when rapid response is required. Ability to communicate complex concepts orally. Ability to produce assessments, reports, and other papers on security issues; Ability to produce reports and papers on technical issues and to review and edit the work of others. Ability to apply UN rules, regulations, policies and guidelines in work situations. Shows pride in work and in achievements; demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter; is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results; is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns; shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges; remains calm in stressful situations. Takes responsibility for incorporating gender perspectives and ensuring the equal participation of women and men in all areas of work. 
 
Teamwork: Works collaboratively with colleagues to achieve organizational goals; solicits input by genuinely valuing others' ideas and expertise; is willing to learn from others; places team agenda before personal agenda; supports and acts in accordance with final group decision, even when such decisions may not entirely reflect own position; shares credit for team accomplishments and accepts joint responsibility for team shortcomings. 
 
Planning and Organizing: Develops clear goals that are consistent with agreed strategies. Identifies priority activities and assignments; adjusts priorities as required. Allocates appropriate amount of time and resources for completing work. Foresees risks and allows for contingencies when planning. Monitors and adjusts plans and actions as necessary. Uses time efficiently.
 Education
 Advanced university degree (Master's degree or equivalent) in security management, business administration, political/social science, psychology, criminal justice, law, international relations or a related field is required. A first-level university degree in combination with two years of qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree. A first-level university degree may be substituted with a diploma from a police or military education institution, college or academy obtained over a minimum of a three-year period.
 Work Experience
 A minimum of five (5) years of progressively responsible experience in security, risk or disaster or emergency management in the public or private service areas, such as national security, military or police, or in a corporate environment is required. 
Of these, at least 2 years of international experience in security operations is required. 
Management experience in the public, private or corporate sector is required. 
Field security operations management experience in the UN or similar international organization is desirable.
 Languages
 English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For the position advertised, fluency in English and Spanish (oral and written) is required. Knowledge of another official United Nations language is desirable.
 Assessment
 Evaluation of qualified candidates may include an assessment exercise which may be followed by a competency-based interview.
 Special Notice
 The United Nations Secretariat is committed to achieving 50/50 gender balance in its staff. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position. The United Nations Department of Safety and Security (UNDSS) is taking efforts to improve gender parity, including full implementation of the UN-wide, and Departmental Gender Strategies. We are committed to providing an inclusive culture and exciting opportunities for women in the security and operations field. 
 
Staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and to assignment by him or her. In this context, all staff are expected to move periodically to new functions in their careers in accordance with established rules and procedures. 
 
Availability of the post is subject to approval by the General Assembly. Extension of the appointment is subject to extension of the mandate and/or the availability of the funds. 
 
An impeccable record for integrity and professional ethical standards is essential. The appointment or assignment and renewal are subject to the availability of the post or funds, budgetary approval or extension of the mandate. 
 
The selection process for this job opening will be conducted pursuant to ST/AI/2010/3 on the "Staff Selection System" and include the compliance review process by a review body described in staff rule 4.15. 
 
The Staff Regulations, Staff Rules and administrative issuance governing staff appointments can be viewed at: http://www.un.org/hr_handbook/English.
 United Nations Considerations
 According to article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter of the United Nations, the paramount consideration in the employment of the staff is the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity. Candidates will not be considered for employment with the United Nations if they have committed violations of international human rights law, violations of international humanitarian law, sexual exploitation, sexual abuse, or sexual harassment, or if there are reasonable grounds to believe that they have been involved in the commission of any of these acts. The term “sexual exploitation” means any actual or attempted abuse of a position of vulnerability, differential power, or trust, for sexual purposes, including, but not limited to, profiting monetarily, socially or politically from the sexual exploitation of another. The term “sexual abuse” means the actual or threatened physical intrusion of a sexual nature, whether by force or under unequal or coercive conditions. The term “sexual harassment” means any unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature that might reasonably be expected or be perceived to cause offence or humiliation, when such conduct interferes with work, is made a condition of employment or creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment, and when the gravity of the conduct warrants the termination of the perpetrator’s working relationship. Candidates who have committed crimes other than minor traffic offences may not be considered for employment. 
 
Due regard will be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on as wide a geographical basis as possible. The United Nations places no restrictions on the eligibility of men and women to participate in any capacity and under conditions of equality in its principal and subsidiary organs. The United Nations Secretariat is a non-smoking environment. 
 
The paramount consideration in the appointment, transfer, or promotion of staff shall be the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity. By accepting an offer of appointment, United Nations staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and assignment by him or her to any activities or offices of the United Nations in accordance with staff regulation 1.2 (c). In this context, all internationally recruited staff members shall be required to move periodically to discharge new functions within or across duty stations under conditions established by the Secretary-General.
 
 
Applicants are urged to follow carefully all instructions available in the online recruitment platform, inspira. For more detailed guidance, applicants may refer to the Manual for the Applicant, which can be accessed by clicking on “Manuals” hyper-link on the upper right side of the inspira account-holder homepage. 
 
The evaluation of applicants will be conducted on the basis of the information submitted in the application according to the evaluation criteria of the job opening and the applicable internal legislations of the United Nations including the Charter of the United Nations, resolutions of the General Assembly, the Staff Regulations and Rules, administrative issuances and guidelines. Applicants must provide complete and accurate information pertaining to their personal profile and qualifications according to the instructions provided in inspira to be considered for the current job opening. No amendment, addition, deletion, revision or modification shall be made to applications that have been submitted. Candidates under serious consideration for selection will be subject to reference checks to verify the information provided in the application. 
 
Job openings advertised on the Careers Portal will be removed at 11:59 p.m. (New York time) on the deadline date.
 No Fee
 THE UNITED NATIONS DOES NOT CHARGE A FEE AT ANY STAGE OF THE RECRUITMENT PROCESS (APPLICATION, INTERVIEW MEETING, PROCESSING, OR TRAINING). THE UNITED NATIONS DOES NOT CONCERN ITSELF WITH INFORMATION ON APPLICANTS’ BANK ACCOUNTS. United Nations 27 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Officer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at United Nations in New York, NY Security Officer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from United Nations United Nations 814 reviews The United Nations is an international organization founded in 1945 after the Second World War by 51 countries committed to maintaining i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
