
 
 
 
 Computational Science Postdoc - San Francisco Bay Area, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computational Science Postdoc Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 173 reviews San Francisco Bay Area, CA Temporarily remote Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Berkeley Lab’s Advanced Light Source Division has an opening for a Computational Science Postdoc to work on accelerating materials discovery using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning techniques (AI/ML). 
 
 The ALS is a U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science national scientific user facility whose excellent scientific reputation, expert staff, and capabilities in the soft x-ray, hard x-ray, and infrared regimes attract more than 2,000 academic and industrial users each year in disciplines spanning physical, chemical, materials, biological, energy, and Earth sciences. It is one of five Berkeley Lab user facilities that serve a combined 11,000 users annually. The co-location of these user facilities – including the Molecular Foundry Nanoscale Science Research Center and the NERSC scientific computing center, as well as Berkeley Lab's outstanding programs in materials and chemical sciences among others – offers a prime environment for collaborative science. The ALS has been a global leader in soft x-ray science for more than two decades and is currently undertaking a new project (ALS-U) that will endow the facility with state-of-the-art x-ray capabilities. It's an exciting time to join our growing team! 
 
 The core values of the Advanced Light Source (ALS) reflect a strong commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We seek candidates who will support a culture in which the entire ALS community feels welcomed and valued. An ongoing commitment to recruiting a vibrant, diverse and talented workforce is paramount to promoting a diverse lab community. 
 
 What You Will Do: 
 Design, development, and optimizations of a platform for AI/ML-guided data sets available at DOE user facilities. 
 Develop the concept and prototype for loading and incorporating multi-modal data sets and incorporate them into a cross-facility database. 
 Spearhead a focused effort to enhance data acquisition and management frameworks, query processed and analyzed data, access data from multiple instruments and facilities in a unified way, and relate these data to one another in support for multi-modal analyses. 
 Provide scientific expertise and technical leadership in the area of computational data analysis 
 Work closely with ALS scientists to deploy and evaluate software. 
 Provide training to colleagues and write excellent documentation, to elevate the work from a proof of concept to maintainable, long-lasting infrastructure. 
 Develop ML models that take data from a variety of sources to promote materials discovery. 
 
 What is Required: 
 PhD degree in the Physical Sciences, Material Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science or related discipline 
 Experience and a strong interest in scientific software development or research software engineering. 
 Ability to work collaboratively with a diverse team of scientists and engineers 
 Experience using the open source scientific Python software stack for data analysis 
 Demonstrated record of scientific excellence through publications, presentations, or software deliverables. 
 Some knowledge of AI and ML principles and practices 
 Experience contributing to a scientific software project in a team environment, which might include co-developing an internal project or contributing to community-based open source software 
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 Experience with neutron or X-ray techniques, such as spectroscopy or microscopy 
 Contributions to open source scientific software projects 
 Experience creating data analysis methods and procedures 
 Demonstrated record in collaborative software development, especially in distributed teams. 
 Experience in data acquisition and analysis at a synchrotron light source, neutron source or other major scientific user facility 
 Familiarity with widely used AI/ML libraries such as scikit-learn, PyTorch, and TensorFlow 
 
 This position will remain open until filled. 
 
 Notes: 
 This is a full-time 2-year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs. You must have less than 3 years of paid postdoctoral experience. 
 Salary for Postdoctoral positions depends on years of experience post-degree. 
 This position is represented by a union for collective bargaining purposes. 
 Salary will be predetermined based on postdoctoral step rates. 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 This position will be remote initially, but limited to individuals residing in the United States tentatively until 2021 due to COVID-19. Once the Bay Area shelter-in-place restrictions are lifted, work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 Learn About Us: 
Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law." Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in San Francisco Bay Area, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 173 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
