
 
 
 
 Research Assistant (Job ID: 2021-2691) - Washington, DC 20036 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Assistant (Job ID: 2021-2691) The Brookings Institution 22 reviews Washington, DC 20036 $50,000 a year  -   Part-time The Brookings Institution 22 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $50,000 a year Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
Join one of the most influential, most quoted and most trusted think tanks!
 The Brookings Institution is a nonprofit public policy organization based in Washington, DC. Our mission is to conduct in-depth research that leads to new ideas for solving problems facing society at the local, national and global level. 
 We bring together leading experts in government and academia from all over the world, rooted in open-minded inquiry and representing diverse points of view, who provide the highest quality research, policy recommendations, and analysis. Research topics cover a full range of public policy issues in economics, foreign policy, development, governance and metropolitan policy. 
With fair and transparent business practices, clear communication, mutual respect, and a collaborative atmosphere that offers both professional and personal development opportunities, Brookings offers an inclusive and welcoming workplace that values the efforts of all contributors. 
Brookings welcomes and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We welcome applications that reflect a variety of backgrounds based on ideology, race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, and first-generation college goers. 
About the Economic Studies Program:  The Economic Studies program analyzes current and emerging economic issues facing the United States and the world and, based on that research, provides innovative, practical policy recommendations. ES’s work covers a broad array of economic issues, including the labor market, regulation, health policy, tax policy, retirement policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. Economic Studies scholars influence key economic policies by conducting rigorous and relevant research and then disseminating and communicating their findings to the policy community and to the broader public. 
We are recruiting for multiple research assistants for the following centers or projects. You will be asked to rank your interest in the following: 
T he Center on Children and Families  studies policies that affect the well-being of America’s children and their parents, especially children in less advantaged families. The Center has focused on identifying effective ways to address the issues of poverty, inequality, and lack of opportunity in the United States. Current priority areas include economic mobility for workers; intragenerational mobility; race equity; and gender. CCF also houses the Future of the Middle Class Initiative (FMCi) which seeks to improve the quality of life of America’s middle class and to increase the number of people rising to join its ranks. 
The Center on Regulation and Markets  (CRM) provides independent, non-partisan research on regulatory policymaking, the regulatory process, and the efficient and equitable functioning of economic markets. The CRM accomplishes this through a broad range of research, publications, and events that foster informed debate among academic experts, practitioners, and policymakers. The CRM currently has several focal areas, including (1) artificial intelligence and emerging technologies, (2) climate change, (3) financial market regulation, (4) consumer protection and (5) the regulatory process. 
The Hutchins Center.  The mission of the Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy is to improve the quality and efficacy of fiscal and monetary policies and public understanding of them. It draws on the expertise of Brookings scholars and of experts in government, academia, think tanks and business. By commissioning research, convening private and public events, it seeks to generate new thinking, promote constructive criticism, and provide a forum for reasoned debate. 
USC-Brookings Schaeffer Initiative for Health Policy . The Initiative produces rigorous research that informs the national health care policy debate. Recent and ongoing research examines strategies to achieve universal coverage, the design of a public option, and policy options to address surprise billing. 
The Tax Policy Center/Retirement Security Project  aims to provide independent analyses of current and longer-term tax issues and to communicate its analyses to the public and to policymakers in a timely and accessible manner. The Center combines top national experts in tax, expenditure, budget policy, and microsimulation modeling to concentrate on overarching areas of tax policy that are critical to future debate. 
Please note 
Position Location : This position is based in Brookings' Washington, DC office. The person hired for this position must be willing to move to or currently reside in Washington DC, Maryland, or Northern Virginia by their date of hire. 
Operating status:  Brookings eligible employees are currently authorized to work remotely but will be moving towards a hybrid plan later this year, which will require working both in the office and remotely. All vaccinated Brookings employees who wish to work from the office can do so. Brookings policies on masks and other pandemic mitigation measures will continue to be informed by DC and CDC guidelines. 
Vaccine Policy : Brookings has made the safety of our staff and our surrounding community a top priority. As part of that commitment, Brookings recently announced that staff on Brookings campus this fall are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. Brookings will require all staff and visitors to submit proof of complete vaccination against COVID-19 to be in Brookings buildings. 
As a visitor and/or a new employee at Brookings, you will be required to comply with the vaccination policy. Individuals invited for an in-person job interview or hired as an employee that (i) have a qualifying medical condition that contraindicates a COVID-19 vaccination, or (ii) who object to being vaccinated based on a sincerely held religious belief, may request a reasonable accommodation. 
Responsibilities:
 
Ready to contribute to Brookings success? 
Economic Studies (ES) is committed to investing in the next generation of economic policy experts; each year ES employs approximately fifteen research assistants for one or two year appointments. We aim to recruit top talent with diverse backgrounds and perspectives to work on emerging and critical policy issues and offer innovative policy recommendations to improve the nation’s economic future. 
Research Assistant positions in Economic Studies are entry-level and involve data analysis, verification of statistical and other material in manuscripts, statistical calculations, literature searches, and drafting written materials. The allocation of duties below describes the average division between tasks; the actual work will vary depending on the project needs of the scholars or centers to whom the Research Assistant is assigned. This position offers no opportunity for independent research during the first year. This position is best suited for those who have received an undergraduate degree in Economics, Mathematics, or other social sciences with a minor in Economics. Preferred start date is between June 1 and August 1, 2022. The starting annual salary is $50,000. More information about being a research assistant in Economic Studies may be found here. 
Quantitative Analysis, Programming, and Statistical Support (50%) 
Works jointly with senior scholars, prepares and revises programming code, simulation macros, database files and regression estimates.
 Analyze data, using statistical packages and spreadsheets 
Prepares tables and graphs output from model simulations. 
Updates and checks existing databanks; assembles, consolidates, and checks data from new sources. 
Research Support (40%) 
In collaboration with senior research staff, drafts material summarizing research results on specific topics as assigned, for incorporation into working papers and project publications
 Provides analytical reviews and summaries of existing literature pertinent to the projects.
 Locates and collects relevant documents and data from sources such as electronic databases, libraries, and government publications.
 Compiles, reads, abstracts, and organizes written material into bibliographic form and summaries. 
Maintains electronic bibliography files. 
Assist with special projects and perform other duties as assigned. 
Project Support, Communications, and Outreach (10%) 
Update web pages in support of the scholar’s area of interest. 
Write and edit summaries to be posted on pages relating to scholar's work. 
Gather related bibliographic, link and current event information in support of pages to be created for a scholar's topic area. 
Work with ES communications team to prepare, lay out, and post scholar’s work for publication on the web site. 
Coordinate with ES communications team on scholar’s publication schedule 
Assist designated scholar(s) with event preparation and logistics as needed. 
Qualifications:
 
Ready to make an impact? In this role, you will support Brookings values of collegiality, respect, inclusion, diversity and community, and bring the following qualifications: 
Education/Experience Requirements: 
Bachelor’s degree in Economics, Mathematics/Statistics, Public Policy, or other Social Sciences with a minor in Economics required. One year of job experience in economics, policy research, and/or computer modeling preferred but not required; experience can come from part-time work, work in a college setting, or internships. Competence to undertake research assignments with little supervision required. Must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S. 
Knowledge/Skills Requirements: 
Strong computer skills and experience required. Experience handling large data sets and models preferred. Independent research experience preferred. Experience with software such as STATA, R or other econometric packages required. 
Application Procedure 
Applications will be accepted until  October 15, 2021 .  Please read and follow all application procedures carefully . Incomplete applications will not be considered. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. We will make selections by mid-November. 
A complete application will include  ALL  of following items: 
Current resume 
Cover letter
 A copy of your latest (unofficial)  undergraduate  transcript (and a graduate transcript if applicable) 
If you are submitting an international transcript, please be sure to include a Grade Key 
Two letters of recommendation from professors or past employers/supervisors 
Save your uploaded documents in the following format:  First Name Last Name JOB ID Document Name 
Please attach your cover letter and resume as one document when you apply.  Important note : if you have applied to more than one Brookings job opening you must add a  position-specific  cover letter as a separate attachment. 
Letters of recommendation and transcripts may be uploaded or submitted separately but the same deadline applies . If preferred, confidential letters of recommendation and/or official transcripts may be sent directly to Jennifer Ambrosino at  jambrosino@brookings.edu . Please contact her with any specific questions you may have. 
 Recruiting Cycles and Deadlines 
RAs typically begin during the summer months but are selected during two main recruitment cycles in the fall and spring. 
Fall Recruitment Cycle 
Completed applications accepted August 15 – October 15 
Phone interviews conducted from October 15 – November 15 
Offers are extended on a rolling basis following the deadline and continue until the conclusion of the fall cycle. 
Spring Recruitment Cycle ( if needed ). Incomplete applications that were submitted during the fall recruitment cycle may be completed and considered during the spring recruitment cycle. 
Completed applications accepted November 25 – February 1 
Phone interviews conducted from mid-February – mid-March 
Additional Information: 
What can we offer you? Brookings provides a generous benefit package that is comprehensive and includes both traditional benefits and unique offerings. 
Successful completion of a background investigation is required for employment at Brookings. 
Brookings welcomes and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We welcome applications that reflect a variety of backgrounds based on ideology, race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, first generation college goers, and other factors protected by law. Brookings is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer that is committed to promoting a diverse and inclusive workplace. The Brookings Institution 25 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Assistant jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at The Brookings Institution in Washington, DC Research Assistant salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution 22 reviews The Brookings Institution may know an egghead or two (or 300). The non-partisan public policy organization is comprised of more than 300 ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
