
 
 
 
 102: Senior Data Engineer (Long Term Contract) - Detroit, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search 102: Senior Data Engineer (Long Term Contract) Dataspace Detroit, MI Temporarily remote Contract Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description We’re recruiting a Senior Data Engineer for a long term contract to help a major health insurer build data pipelines to enable their data science and analytics teams create and optimize advanced analytics. 
Is this you? If so, please submit your resume and fill out our questionnaire ASAP! 
THE WORK:  The work includes developing and enhancing a variety of pipelines for the purposes of risk management, risk prediction, and other AI/ML use cases. 
LOCATION:  Remote/Detroit, MI. Preference will be given to candidates willing to relocate to the Detroit area after Covid. For exceptionally strong candidates, a permanent remote option in a US time zone may be available. 
MODE:  Contract / contract to hire - 1099/W2/C2C 
DURATION:  Our client issues repeating purchase orders for six month terms; assuming strong performance, the chosen consultant will be required for at least a year and likely longer. 
REQUIRED:  Applicants must be very strong in the following skills: 
Python 
Spark 
SQL 
Knowledge of the Big Data tech stack and relevant environments/tools/applications 
Python web UI development (e.g. Django, Flask, etc.) 
RESTful API use and development 
DESIRED:  In addition, it would be great if you had some background in: 
CI/CD (ie. Jenkins, Git, etc.) 
Guiding a team in the testing, development, and adoption of new technical elements 
Data Engineering for analytics teams 
The Health Insurance industry 
COMPENSATION:  Dependent on skill and experience level 
﻿ INTERESTED?  If you're interested and have the skills, we'd love to hear from you. Please answer our questionnaire and submit your resume right away! Thanks! 
NOTE: Dataspace performs background and drug screens on accepted candidates prior to their employment or contract start dates. 
NOTES: 
Our client requires that we work ONLY with direct, W2 employees of our contracting partners. Contracting firms, do not submit resumes for candidates who are not your own, direct employees. 
We rely heavily on assertions in resumes and report suspected cases of resume fraud to the USCIS and other authorities. We therefore strongly advise the submission of only resumes that can be independently verified. Dataspace 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Detroit, MI Jobs at Dataspace in Detroit, MI Data Engineer salaries in Detroit, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dataspace Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
