
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Associate - Al and Urban Systems - Oak Ridge, TN 37830 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Associate - Al and Urban Systems Oak Ridge National Laboratory 208 reviews Oak Ridge, TN 37830 Oak Ridge National Laboratory 208 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Id 5416 
Overview:
 The Computational Urban Sciences Group in the Computational Sciences and Engineering Division (CSED) at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) seeks to hire a postdoc focused on applications of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning on Urban Systems. The role is expected to use computational and data science approaches to develop and foster novel scientific research in the areas of electric grid and energy systems, transportation systems, natural hazards and their impact on urban systems, as well as response to other non-natural emergencies. The ideal candidate is expected to bring expertise in the application of AI and data-driven knowledge discovery techniques with prior experience of applying such knowledge to the understanding of urban systems. 
 The Computational Urban Sciences Group is comprised of a multi-disciplinary team of scientists carrying out applied research at the intersection of computing and complex urban systems in the emerging environment of smart cities, energy infrastructures, a modernizing electric grid, smarter and sustainable mobility, responsive buildings, changing impacts of severe weather and climate, and data driven emergency response and resiliency. The advances are enabled by the growing body of technologies that includes big-data, modeling and simulation, machine learning, visualization, graph analytics, geovisualization, high-performance computing, and cloud computing. The candidate must be comfortable working as part of a tightly integrated team and must be capable of supporting multiple projects simultaneously. 
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
Conducting basic and applied research in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning as they apply to urban sciences including the electric grid, mobility, and buildings with a strong geospatial focus, spatio-temporal and time-series analysis, statistical methods, graph theory, and semantic knowledge discovery with a strong emphasis on algorithm development, prototyping, and validation.
 Develop, optimize, and transition algorithm prototypes to robust implementations.
 Working with CSED researchers, as well as internal and external project sponsors, to capture, understand, integrate, and implement their requirements in developed algorithms and software. 
Maintain and enhance a strong scientific publication profile. 
Interpret, report, and present research concepts and results to national audiences at all levels. 
 Qualifications Required 
Basic Qualifications: 
PhD in computer science; computer, computational, electrical, or mechanical engineering; geography; civil engineering; environmental engineering; or related disciplines. 
Candidates must have demonstrated good academic standing, and the ability to conduct independent and significant research. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Research experience in transportation data science, natural hazards, emergency response, electric grid, and resiliency strategies 
Past hand-on experience with geospatial techniques 
Experience in statistics, data visualization, big-data mining, streaming data platforms, and simulation and modeling is desirable. 
Strong social and communication skills and experience in working with multidisciplinary teams. 
Strong publication records in the areas of expertise. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Experience in working with multidisciplinary teams. 
Special Requirements [Remove section(s) based on position need] 
Postdocs:  Applicants cannot have received their Ph.D. more than five years prior to the date of application and must complete all degree requirements before starting their appointment. The appointment length will be up to 24 months with the potential for extension. Initial appointments and extensions are subject to performance and availability of funding. 
 
 
For more information about our benefits, working here, and living here, visit the “About” tab at jobs.ornl.gov. 
This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. 
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. 
If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. 
ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer. Oak Ridge National Laboratory 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Oak Ridge, TN Jobs at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, TN Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Oak Ridge, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oak Ridge National Laboratory Oak Ridge National Laboratory 208 reviews Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provides exceptional researchers with distinctive equipment and unique facilities to solve some of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
