
 
 
 
 Chief Scientific and Technical Advisor for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Scientific and Technical Advisor for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning US Federal Aviation Administration 361 reviews Los Angeles, CA $127,200 - $186,900 a year  -   Full-time US Federal Aviation Administration 361 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $127,200 - $186,900 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 The Policy and Innovation Division supports aerospace innovation by creating novel means of compliance, develops and maintains Aircraft Certification Service regulations, manages the Aviation Safety (AVS) Senior Technical Experts Program (STEP) and overall fleet safety, as well as educational outreach. The Chief Scientific and Technical Advisor for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning is one of a cadre of nationally and internationally recognized technical experts comprising the AVS STEP. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 The Chief Scientific and Technical Advisor (CSTA) for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning provides an FAA-wide, mission-critical, leadership role in identifying and mitigating aviation safety risk related to machine learning and artificial intelligence, and software development as it pertains to aerospace systems. The incumbent works to retain and broaden U.S. leadership related to how machine learning may be used in aviation systems, and how to evaluate integration of components based on machine learning with aircraft software. This may include specific areas such as algorithm development, data analysis, and analysis of neural net topologies, including techniques such as supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms, especially regression and convolution. The incumbent evaluates the readiness of emerging technologies, shapes agency policies, and promotes the adoption of safety enhancing operational requirements and practices into the FAA’s regulatory and certification programs. The CSTA also provides instruction and advice to the FAA, other departments and agencies, the aviation industry, professional societies, associations, academia, and international organizations. 
Specific responsibilities include: Serves as a senior advisor in the Aviation Safety (AVS) Line of Business, providing scientific and engineering expertise and assistance to the relevant stakeholders working to enhance aviation safety, efficiency, and innovation. The incumbent provides expert advice and assistance to AVS managers and leaders, type certification boards, airworthiness directive boards, maintenance review boards, flight operation evaluation boards, special certification review teams, accident investigation teams, and special condition standards review activities. Plans, directs, promotes, and coordinates research and the publication of scientific papers intended to evaluate new technologies, address service difficulties, and promote FAA adoption of the most safety enhancing policies and practices in the realm of machine learning. Prepares and/or provides technical education and training to the FAA, industry, associations, foreign airworthiness certification authorities, and international organizations through certification projects, training courses, seminars, and workshops. Represents the FAA in dealings with other civil aviation authorities, national and international forums, industry committees, and task groups on work to mitigate safety risk posed by machine learning. Coordinates regulatory initiatives with foreign airworthiness authorities to provide harmonized requirements and consensus standards in order to expedite and reduce the cost of international certification to the aerospace industry. Supports industry and government in the investigation of accidents or incidents where machine learning or artificial intelligence are thought to have played a role. Collaborates with the National Transportation Safety Board and foreign entities by applying expertise in determining causal factors; identifying shortcomings in policy, technology, or practices; and recommending remedial actions to prevent or reduce the probability of such accidents or incidents in the future. 
 Travel Required 
 50% or less - The job may require up to 50% travel. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 NA
 Job family (Series) 
 1550 Computer Science
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 US Citizenship is required. 
 Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959. 
 Designated or Random Drug Testing required. 
 This position has a positive education requirement. Transcript(s) required. 
 Qualifications 
 As a basic requirement for entry into the FAA Executive System, you must provide evidence of progressively responsible leadership experience that is indicative of senior executive level capability; and that is directly related to the skills and abilities outlined under the Technical Requirements listed below. 
In addition to the minimum qualifications, the following have been determined to be selective factors for this position. This means possession of this criteria is part of the minimum qualifications and is essential to perform the duties and responsibilities of this position. Applicants who do not possess this criteria are ineligible for further consideration. 
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENT: Demonstrated leadership in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning including expertise on how machine learning may be used in aircraft systems, and how to evaluate integration of components based on machine learning with aircraft software. 
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENT: Demonstrated leadership experience in the development and application of requirements and/or standards related to advanced technology products. 
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENT: Demonstrated ability to serve as an effective spokesperson and represent a high profile organization with global regulatory authorities, national and international industry bodies, manufacturers, research organizations, academia, and the public on work to mitigate safety risk related to artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
 Education 
 This position has a positive education requirement: Applicants must submit a copy of their college or university transcripts(s) and certificates by the closing date of announcement to verify qualifications. If selected, an official transcript will be required prior to appointment. You may upload these documents with your application in USAJOBS or fax it to fax number provided in the announcement (please include announcement number on each page). 
 
 Failure to do so will result in loss of consideration. 
 
Schools must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation may be verified at the following website: www.ed.gov/admins/finaid/accred/index.html. 
 
Foreign education must be evaluated by a private professional organization specializing in interpretation of foreign education credentials or an accredited U.S. educational institution in terms of equivalence to a degree acquired at an American college or university. A copy of the evaluation results must be included, otherwise your foreign education will not be considered. 
The specific education requirements for this position are outlined at the following website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/1500/computer-science-series-1550/. An excerpt of the requirement is below: 
Basic Requirements: 
Bachelor's degree in computer science  or  bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science. At least 15 of the 30 semester hours must have included any combination of statistics and mathematics that included differential and integral calculus. All academic degrees and course work must be from accredited or pre-accredited institutions. 
Evaluation of Education: 
Applicants should have sufficient knowledge to understand the fundamental concepts and techniques of computer science. Courses designed to provide an introduction to computer science techniques and methodologies, to problems of system design, and to other specialized fields are acceptable. Courses or experience in teaching elementary, business, or shop mathematics are not acceptable. 
 Preview Job Questionnaire
 Make sure your resume includes detailed information to support your qualifications and answers to the job questionnaire.
 Additional information 
 Position may be subject to a background investigation. 
A one-year probationary period may be required. 
Veterans preference does not apply to the FAA Executive System. 
 
The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies. www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/financial_disclosure_requirements 
 
The U.S. Department of Transportation strives to ensure that equity, transparency, accountability, collaboration, and communication permeate all that we do for the betterment of the Department, the traveling public, and our nation. As such, DOT values a highly diverse workforce of persons who promote a culture of belonging by respecting the personal dignity and worth of each individual and fostering a positive environment where all feel safe and welcome. If these commitments coincide with your personal ideals and professional aspirations, please consider joining the DOT family. 
 
This position is covered by the Department of Transportation's Drug and Alcohol Testing Program. Any applicant tentatively selected for this position will be subject to pre-employment or pre-appointment drug screening. Persons occupying a "testing designated position (TDP)" will be subject to random drug and/or alcohol testing. 
A recruitment incentive may be authorized for this position. 
This is not a bargaining unit position. 
 
 Links to Important Information:  Locality Pay , COLA 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 
 
 IMPORTANT:  Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the on-line process must be substantiated. Ensure that your application package/resume supports your responses. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Top Secret
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 1. A resume. 
2. An attachment individually addressing each Technical Requirement if you do not address them in the answer blocks within the application. 
 
NOTE: Please do not submit additional materials (e.g., DD Form 214, performance plans/evaluations, letters of recommendation, etc.); they will not be considered as part of the application package. 
 
This position has a positive education requirement; college transcripts are required for ALL candidates newly appointed to the FAA in the 1550 series. 
 
College transcripts must be submitted from current FAA employees applying for internal vacancies if they have never held a position in the, 1550 series with the FAA. 
 
College transcripts are not required from current FAA employees who are currently occupying a 1550 series. 
 
If selected, official transcripts are required prior to employment. 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Senior executives
 Those who meet the five Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs).
 Clarification from the agency 
 All U.S. Citizens usajobs.gov 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Advisor jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at US Federal Aviation Administration in Los Angeles, CA Technical Advisor salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Federal Aviation Administration 361 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
