
 
 
 
 Manager, Program Management & Research Operations - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Program Management & Research Operations Moderna 51 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time Moderna 51 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Role:
 Reporting to the Associate Director of Research Operations, Autoimmune & Inflammation (AI&I) and Moderna Genomics (mGx), the Manager, Research Operations and Program Management is responsible for leading program management and daily operational excellence across AI&I. The qualified candidate will provide logistical and operational support and program management expertise to drive project plans and coordinate activities within established timelines. This position works closely with researchers and interfaces with a broad variety of internal groups such as Informatics, Procurement, In Vivo Pharmacology, High Throughput Preclinical Operations, Finance, Legal, and Facilities. The candidate will gain significant exposure to scientific, strategic, and organizational aspects of research at Moderna and will have the opportunity to develop new competencies in adjacent areas. He/she/they will be encouraged to propose and lead initiatives to increase efficiency, improve communication, and facilitate collaboration.
 Here's What You’ll Do:
 Work with the Associate Director of Research Operations to ensure the success and effective running of multi-disciplinary Research Teams.
 Lead internal programs and collaborations in preclinical and discovery to lead nomination.
 Manage and coordinate program meetings for AI&I, including establishing agendas, taking meeting minutes, preparing documents, and following up on action items.
 Lead project and program management activities for assigned programs by maintaining and monitoring project plans and progress, identifying and mitigating risks, resolving issues, and supporting project execution to ensure milestones and deliverables are achieved.
 Execute and manage collaborative agreements, relationships, and payments supported by the Legal and Finance departments
 Develop efficient, standardized project management and operations workflows
 Interface with Procurement and Facilities function for the mGx lab buildout and other lab requirements
 Work with Informatics on building custom databases based on requirements of research teams
 Help build, maintain, and improve organizational infrastructure
 Generate presentations and project summaries as needed
 Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
 BA/BS in a science-related field with 5+ experience or PhD with experience in a biotechnology or pharmaceutical organization strongly preferred.
 3+ years of project/program management experience, preferably in the biotech or pharmaceutical industry
 Ability to prioritize and manage multiple workstreams involving many different key stakeholders.
 Ability to develop trust with cross-functional stakeholders and influence without authority.
 Ability to communicate with colleagues of various backgrounds, including scientific/technical.
 Comfort operating in a fast-paced environment and embracing change.
 Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
 On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
 Company-provided iPhone
 Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
 Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
 Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
 Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
 16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
 16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
 20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
 Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
 Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
 401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
 A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
 Voluntary legal assistance plan
 15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
 About Moderna:
 In 10 years since its inception, Moderna has transformed from a science research-stage company advancing programs in the promising-but-still-unproven field of messenger RNA (mRNA), to an enterprise with its first medicine having treated millions of people, a diverse clinical portfolio of vaccines and therapeutics across six modalities, a broad intellectual property portfolio in areas including mRNA and lipid nanoparticle formulation, and an integrated manufacturing plant that allows for both clinical and commercial production at scale and at unprecedented speed. Moderna maintains alliances with a broad range of domestic and overseas government and commercial collaborators, which has allowed for the pursuit of both groundbreaking science and rapid scaling of manufacturing. Most recently, Moderna’s capabilities have come together to allow the authorized use of one of the earliest and most-effective vaccines against the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Moderna’s mRNA platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, and has allowed the development of therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases and auto-immune diseases. Today, 24 development programs are underway across these therapeutic areas, with 13 programs having entered the clinic. Moderna has been named a top biopharmaceutical employer by Science for the past six years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com .
 Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.
 Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law. 
 
 Moderna, Inc. 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Moderna in Cambridge, MA Operations Manager salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Moderna Moderna 51 reviews Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are desi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
