
 
 
 
 Senior Artificial Intelligence Specialist - Charlotte, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Artificial Intelligence Specialist Duke Energy 1,597 reviews Charlotte, NC Full-time Duke Energy 1,597 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description More than a career - a chance to make a difference in people's lives.
 Build an exciting, rewarding career with us – help us make a difference for millions of people every day. Consider joining the Duke Energy team, where you'll find a friendly work environment, opportunities for growth and development, recognition for your work, and competitive pay and benefits.
 Is Artificial Intelligence your desired career path? Duke Energy’s MadLab is looking for an energetic, collaborative, highly skilled individual to join the team’s journey in implementing AI technologies to accelerate Duke Energy’s Business Transformation. Duke Energy’s Madlab is a “one stop shop” for AI products and services. We are a team dedicated to the success of our customers, business partners and team members. We believe in thoroughly understanding the problem first, then correlating AI solutions to business problems. If this sounds like a team you would like to join, please read on to learn more about the role of Duke Energy’s AI Specialist.
 Our AI Specialist role straddles the disciplines of Data Science & Data Engineering. They focus on data pipelines, AI model development, enhancements, and model retraining. The unique skillset of an AI Specialists has proven to be a critical role for Product Owners and product team members. They possess the overall knowledge of AI capabilities from development through deployment and monitoring. They can articulate their vision in delivering AI products quickly and successfully with our business partners.
 Model development & deployment will be on-perm and cloud solutions. AI Specialist work closely with Enterprise Architects and Cyber Security ensuring the team is building products the right way. They participate in various Community of Practices (AI, Cloud, Architecture) and frequently get the opportunity to showcase their work in various product demos and AI specific meetings. These highly skilled team members are empowered and eager to learn how AI can accelerate business goals and help solve business problems. Does this sound like a desirable career path? Join team Madlab as we continue to leverage AI to transform our business!
 Responsibilities:
 Develop models collaborating with other AI Specialist or Data Scientists ensuring optimal data and model performance
 Working with Python and/or PySpark
 Working with ETL tools for moving data and building data pipelines
 Working with AI Clouds (AWS)
 Working with data ingestion from various data sources like SQL Server, Oracle, Hive
 Working with all types of Joins, CTE’s, Indexes, Stored Procedures, SQL performance
 Working with MLOps/DevOps to build data pipelines for model executions
 Working with Docker/Jenkins/Concourse/Terraform
 Basic/Required Qualifications:
 Associates degree
 In addition to required degree, five (5) years directly related field
 In lieu of Associates degree AND five (5) years minimum of related work experience listed above, High School/GED AND seven (7) years or more of related work experience
 Desired Qualifications:
 Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning technologies classifications, regressions and neural networks (Deep Learning)
 Additional Preferred Qualifications:
 Mastery of statistics, machine learning algorithms and advanced mathematics.
 Strong knowledge of basic and advanced predictive models.
 Knowledge of electricity and natural gas utility business model and operations.
 Basic knowledge of cloud platform tools and techniques.
 Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
 Data mining knowledge that spans a range of disciplines.
 Strong exploratory analysis skills.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to bridge the gap between data science and business management.
 Exceptional organizational skills and is detail oriented.
 Capable in using visualization tools to deliver results.
 Working Conditions
 Hybrid – Work will be performed from both remote and onsite locations after the onboarding period. However, hybrid employees should live within a reasonable commute to a Duke Energy facility .
 Specific Requirements:
 Experience in working with Data Scientist within an AI Organization
 Strong communication skills
 Team player
 Travel Requirements
 Not required
 Relocation Assistance Provided (as applicable)
 No
 Represented/Union Position
 No
 Visa Sponsored Position
 No
 Posting Expiration Date
 Thursday, September 23, 2021
 All job postings expire at 12:01 AM on the posting expiration date.
 Please note that in order to be considered for this position, you must possess all of the basic/required qualifications. Duke Energy 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Specialist jobs in Charlotte, NC Jobs at Duke Energy in Charlotte, NC Intelligence Specialist salaries in Charlotte, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Duke Energy Duke Energy 1,597 reviews Duke Energy Carolinas (formerly Duke Power) energizes the Carolinas as well as its parent company's sales. A part of top US power firm Du... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
