
 
 
 
 Business Program Manager, Facebook AI Platform - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Program Manager, Facebook AI Platform Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook AI’s mission is to bring the world together by advancing AI. Our work covers the full spectrum of topics related to AI, including deriving knowledge from data: theory, algorithms, applications, software infrastructure and hardware infrastructure. We actively engage with the community through publications, open source software, participation in technical conferences and workshops, and collaborations with academia. Facebook is seeking an experienced Business Program Manager to support the AI Platform team. They will support Platform leadership on strategy, planning, rollout of projects, help drive effective communications and efficient operations. This role will also partner closely with a large cross-functional team including engineering leadership, product marketing, program management, researchers, and engineers, as well as Finance, legal and HR.To be successful, you will be eliminating barriers to your team's success, clearly communicating your work to all stakeholders and ensuring the big picture stays in focus while delving into the details on specific issues. Ideal team members are adaptable and resilient, eager to attack unfamiliar problems with curiosity and tenacity, self-motivated and demonstrate creative and critical thinking capabilities to help the team be more efficient.The right candidate will be a strong communicator, comfortable with ambiguous environments, can move fast, bring people together, and focus squarely in advancing the science forward. 
Partner with leadership team on development and communication of group mission 
Develop strategy to operationalize, track and achieve group’s mission 
Partner with org’s scientists and engineers to ensure excellent planning, prioritization and risk management. Link in with cross-functional partners to ensure collaboration 
Management of leadership meetings - setting agenda to drive organizational objectives and to ensure the smooth running of the organization 
Setup process for reviews - tracking, learning and iterating are key to how Facebook works. This role will be expected to define and run how monthly/quarterly/half yearly reviews work 
Ensure the smooth functioning of the org including driving efficient headcount, budget and tracking activities 
Partner with research and engineering leaders to organize key workshops & events 
Drive internal process improvements, remove gaps, coordinate multiple parties and alleviate bottlenecks 
Establish and scale collaboration programs, including being the lead on internal organizational content and information 
Collaborate cross-functionally and with researchers and engineers on the Facebook AI narrative and on strategic thinking with VP and Leadership team 
Establish strong working relations with all partners with an emphasis on unblocking team members when they are stuck and managing cross-functional engagements 
Proven track record of building and scaling programs and operations 
Experience in communication and messaging to a large organization 
Experience working directly with scientists, engineers, and leadership teams 
Communication, coordination, organizational and multitasking experience 
Interpersonal skills, including relationship building, stakeholder management and collaboration with a cross-functional, global team 
Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership 
Experience working in AI/ML programs or teams 
Experience delivering programs or products from inception to delivery 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Program Manager salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
