
 
 
 
 Finance Manager - Cloud + Artificial Intelligence - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Finance Manager - Cloud + Artificial Intelligence Microsoft 7,267 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Empower every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. That’s what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day. Through our Cloud-first strategy, we strive to deliver solutions that are optimized for the world and enable customers to drive their business more successfully. Microsoft’s Margin Strategy and Investment Optimization (MSIO) team is an exciting and fast-evolving finance team at the forefront of Microsoft’s Cloud-first strategy. 
The Cloud + AI Investment Optimization team is looking for a skilled finance professional to drive the rhythm of finance, financial modeling and business analysis, strong partnership, and the creation and ownership of efficient financial processes. 
Drive the rhythm of finance for close, forecasting, and planning across the C+AI Controller group 
Actively communicate across multiple stakeholders to ensure successful end to end understanding of portfolios, processes and planning. 
Build, maintain, and drive robust financial models to support forecasting, budgeting, and restatements. High Attention to detail required in this role. 
Analyze and present executive quality financial results performance to leadership teams in a crisp and actionable manner. This includes monitoring business health, P&L trends, key drivers, resource investments against plan/forecast assumptions and proposing spend optimization where appropriate. 
Drive simplification, standardization, and automation efforts for core financial rhythms 
Responsibilities 
Responsibilities 
Prioritize 
Contributes to analysis of present and future financial performance of various products, segments or other businesses. Assists more senior team members to conduct analysis and research studies of financial plans, acquisition activity, and future opportunities.
 Assists in the execution of annual business planning and forecasting process. Gathers insight and contributes to analysis and research to support preliminary and adjusted forecast cycles. 
Provides support to peers and counterparts during financial close periods. Prepares recurring financial reporting, forecasts, and presentations, and updates as necessary through the reporting cycles. Determines financial results (e.g., revenue, profitability, OPEX) compared to expected budget and projections. Identifies variances to provide insights to management and inform future projections. 
Partnership 
Serves as Finance contact for partners for all revenue, expense, and compliance questions related to reporting and analysis. Contributes insights for financial plans, variance analysis, resource optimization, investments, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), long range planning, and driving margin accountability. Manages and executes processes through engagement with internal and external stakeholders. 
Learns and applies the foundational aspects of Microsoft Finance (e.g., financial systems, policies and procedures, key metrics, historical performance, reporting and forecast requirements) and business (e.g., monetization strategy, market, key drivers of profitability) to collect information, perform technical analysis and modeling, and complete standardized reporting. Understands strategies to proactively mitigate, or reactively address, potential adverse effects of macroeconomic and/or geopolitical risks, and proposes solutions. 
Assembles and summarizes data through data mining and business intelligence to structure reports and financial models for decision support. Leverages statistical analysis, predictive analytics and financial modeling techniques to conduct sophisticated analyses. Acts as subject-matter-expert for data management and operations. Understands history of data procurement, location, methods, issues, and actions taken. 
Improves current methods used in collecting data, developing automated financial reporting and forecasting tools, and creating standard and ad-hoc reports. Learns how advanced technology is leveraged in Finance and across Microsoft to provide greater depth of analysis.
 Communicates recurring and ad-hoc results in a logical and understandable message. 
Protect 
Ensures compliance with company policies, legal standards, and regulatory requirements by reviewing and monitoring accuracy of financial documents and business processes. Drives corrective measures. Supports questions regarding documentation, policy adherence, and requirements. Recommends approved instruments and processes. Remains current on all company policies and procedures and updates others. 
Other 
Embody our culture and values 
Qualifications 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, Economics, Data Science, or related field AND 2+ years of post-graduate financial analysis, accounting, controllership, or finance work experience 
OR Master's Degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, Economics, Data Science, or related field 
OR equivalent experience. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 24 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Finance Manager jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Finance Manager salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
