
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineering Lead - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineering Lead Accenture 20,796 reviews New York, NY Full-time Accenture 20,796 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 514,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at www.accenture.com 
We are: 
Solutions.AI is Accenture's collection of AI solutions that are designed to unlock new efficiencies and growth, enable new ways of working, and facilitate game-changing innovation–3x faster than the typical product lifecycle. Built and delivered on the foundation of Accenture's unparalleled AI expertise, data services, IP and ecosystem partners, our scalable, modular solutions minimize time to market and maximize business impact. 
The next AI revolution will be built by people like you. Visit us here to find out more about Solutions.AI. 
You are:
 You are a leader in cutting edge artificial technology organizations! You are a distinguished and passionate leader in the world of artificial intelligence. You love building products and solutions that to draw business insights and help make business decisions that affect the entire organization, by applying your deep expertise in AI, machine learning, data science, cloud platforms, software engineering, DevOps, and more. Your curiosity knows no bounds, and you’re looking for the next problem to be solved before others even acknowledge there’s a problem.
 You are an AI technologist and evangelist who loves to teach, tell stories, and inspire passion so others can see what you see – that AI is fueling innovation and growth across all sectors. The infusion of a sound understanding of programming, software engineering, and data science is what you want to be known for. 
And you love to build, lead, and inspire high performing, global Engineering teams, setting a clear vision and strategy, and providing the technical leadership to deliver value to our clients. 
The work:
 Provide technical leadership to guide a team of full-stack software developers who operate on both front- and back-end systems for AI solutions 
Oversee and guide the analyzing, writing, building, and deployment of software solutions 
Manage the end-to-end life cycle for the production of software and applications in solutions.ai portfolio including integrated use of advanced data, high-end AI/ML algorithms, and various insight consumption interfaces 
Build a global team of AI solution developers with a diverse set of skills encompassing data sourcing, data management, data governance, machine learning and deep learning engineering expertise, modern technical architecture, and functional domain expertise 
Prototype and demonstrate advanced solutions for clients in consulting and advisory environments. 
Use your judgment to craft solutions to complex problems or seek guidance as needed 
Stay current on new products that clients could use 
Be a trusted advisor to your Accenture colleagues and to your clients 
 
 Here’s what you need:
 Minimum of 10 years of design and implementation of AI software that process data, as well as develop and maintain AI systems with machine learning and deep learning algorithms on a modern cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, or GCP) 
Minimum of 7 years of experience designing, documenting, and implementing end-to-end DevOps solutions applying concepts such as infrastructure-as-code, CI/CD, SAST/DAST, automated testing, push button deployments, etc. 
Minimum of 7 years of AI / ML solution development experience along with Docker 
Minimum 1 year of experience managing Kubernetes clusters 
Bonus points if: 
Certifications Preferred: Cloud Architecture certification from any of the three major cloud platforms (AWS / Azure / GCP) 
Experience in pre-sales or enterprise consulting. 
Customer facing experience of discovery, assessment, execution, and operations. 
Possess a blend of advanced analytical capabilities and consulting expertise that will create value and insights for our clients 
Important Information 
Travel 
For now, all Accenture business travel, international and domestic, is currently restricted to client-essential sales/delivery activity only. 
Please note: The safety and well-being of our people continues to be the top priority, and our decisions around travel are informed by government COVID-19 response directives, recommendations from leading health authorities and guidance from a number of infectious disease experts. 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture. 
As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado  only , the range of starting pay for this role is  $151,900 - $235,699 and  information on benefits offered is here. 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engineering Lead jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Accenture in New York, NY Engineering Lead salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,796 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
