
 
 
 
 Tenure-Track Faculty in the Department of Architectural Engineering - University Park, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenure-Track Faculty in the Department of Architectural Engineering Penn State University 1,429 reviews University Park, PA Full-time Penn State University 1,429 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 The Department of Architectural Engineering (AE) at The Pennsylvania State University (University Park, PA) invites applicants for multiple full-time, tenure-track faculty positions open to all ranks. Applicants whose expertise and experience are closely aligned with other departments, institutes, and strategic initiatives are encouraged to apply and will be considered for co-hire with other departments.
 Smart and Connected Buildings and Communities:
 The ideal candidate will have expertise in improving the design, construction, operation and maintenance of smart and connected buildings and communities.
 Successful candidates will have deep knowledge of building systems and building science, and will possess the potential to integrate perspectives from other disciplinary areas which may include, but are not limited to:
 scientific computing
 data analytics
 artificial intelligence as applied to system integration at the building and community level
 distributed energy solutions, smart grids, and renewable energy sources.
 Human-Building Interaction:
 The ideal candidate will have expertise in improving the understanding of the dynamic relationships between buildings and their occupants, stakeholders, and design participants.
 Successful candidates also will have deep knowledge of social and behavioral science methodologies as applied to the design, construction, and operation of buildings.
 We are seeking applicants with a background in team organization in the design and construction of buildings and occupant interaction with buildings, as well as the effects of indoor environmental quality on occupant health, well-being, and productivity, and human-technology interaction.
 Construction Automation, Sensing and Robotics:
 The ideal candidate will have expertise in virtual construction planning and artificial intelligence, as well as automation planning and implementation, including real-time computer vision, actuation and sensing in order to drive the integration of robotics into the changing and challenging environments of construction sites.
 Successful candidates should have knowledge of building systems and the potential to integrate perspectives from mechatronics and robotics along with an understanding of human-robot teams and interaction to achieve collaborative solutions while entirely re-envisioning building design and construction processes.
 Development of an externally funded interdisciplinary research program, supervision of graduate students, and teaching at both the undergraduate and graduate levels are required.
 Candidates should hold a doctorate in architectural engineering or a related engineering discipline by the start date. The anticipated start date is August 2020. The candidates will have the opportunity to contribute to existing interdisciplinary university-wide organizations, including the Sustainability Institute, the Social Science Research Institute, the Materials Research Institute, and the Applied Research Laboratory, among others. Review of applications will start on February 15, 2020 and will continue until the positions are filled.
 Application material should include a cover letter, full curriculum vitae, statement of professional interests addressing both teaching and research, and contact information for three references. Additional information about the department is available at www.ae.psu.edu. Inquiries can be directed to Professor M. Kevin Parfitt, Search Committee Chair, Department of Architectural Engineering, 104 Engineering Unit A, University Park, PA 16802; email: mkp@psu.edu; telephone:  814-863-3244 .
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact 814-865-1473. 
 University Park, PA Penn State University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in University Park, PA Jobs at Penn State University in University Park, PA Faculty salaries in University Park, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,429 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
