
 
 
 
 Operations Manager, Professional Services - San Francisco, CA 94016 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Operations Manager, Professional Services Automation Anywhere 43 reviews San Francisco, CA 94016 Automation Anywhere 43 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Automation Anywhere is a global leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), empowering customers to automate end-to-end business processes with intelligent software bots – AI-powered digital workers that perform repetitive and manual tasks, resulting in dramatic productivity gains, optimized customer experience, and more engaged employees. The company offers the world's only web-based and cloud-native intelligent automation platform combining RPA, artificial intelligence, machine learning and analytics to help organizations rapidly start and scale their automation journey from the front office to the back office to every office. Its Bot Store is the world's first and largest marketplace with more than 1,100 pre-built, intelligent automation solutions. Automation Anywhere has deployed over 2.8 million bots to support some of the world's largest enterprises across all industries in more than 90 countries. For additional information, visit www.automationanywhere.com. 
Our opportunity: 
The Operations Manager in Automation Anywhere Professional services organization is a specialized role designed to manage key system applications and processes critical for managing professional services engagements. This role requires deep knowledge of professional services within a high-tech company. This is a significant opportunity to influence and scale the operations to support a globally fast-growing business. 
 
Remote opportunity with the ability to work anywhere within the U.S 
You will make an impact by being responsible for: 
Managing the Professional Services Automation system (Kimble) as a global owner & administrator. 
Working closely with VP of Professional Services operations on analytical projects impacting various parts of the organization to improve the operational and financial effectiveness. 
Managing reporting and dashboards for executives and key stakeholders to support timely decision making. 
Liaising with the regional delivery leaders to ensure teams are executing against targets and initiatives. 
Collaborating with various functional teams such as finance, revenue, IT for end-to-end process management for professional services. 
Creating and managing policies, guidelines, and processes to ensure global consistency keeping training and reference materials current and relevant. 
Managing and assisting in operational reviews, draft key messages, and compile executive presentations. 
Holding project management role around key initiatives, leading data collection, analysis, and recommendations on strategic issues. 
Assisting leadership in other tasks, as needed 
You will be a great fit if you have: 
Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college. Business degrees preferred 
8+ years of work experience in operations role in professional services organizations. Experience in high-tech industry is greatly valued 
Detail oriented and able to manage multiple engagements with a variety of stakeholders 
Committed, enthusiastic and able to thrive in a fast pace and, at times, demanding environment 
Able to operate effectively in a team environment 
You excel in these key competencies: 
Hands-on expertise on PSA (preferably Kimble) and SFDC platform 
Detailed understanding of operations of professional services and key end to end processes 
Data analysis using commonly used applications e.g. Microsoft Excel. Expertise in advance analytics is a plus 
Ability to thrive in ambiguous environments, quickly identify and build solutions based upon critical analysis, and adeptly resolve conflicts 
Why Automation Anywhere? 
At our company each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. 
As the leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), we provide a very compelling product where our teams are breaking new ground every day and given an environment to grow their skills and have fun along the way. Our technology is the game changer, and our people give us the edge to better our world and go be great! 
Automation Anywhere is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Automation Anywhere 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Manager jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Automation Anywhere in San Francisco, CA Operations Manager salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Automation Anywhere Automation Anywhere 43 reviews Automation Anywhere is the market leader in driving the adoption of robotic process automation technology across leading Fortune 1000 and... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
