
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Group Leader - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Artificial Intelligence Group Leader The MITRE Corporation McLean, VA Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. 
MITRE's Enterprise Design, Discovery & AI Department is seeking someone to lead a team of Search & AI Engineers and shape the corporate strategy for AI and Intelligent Information Discovery. We are looking for someone who is passionate about harnessing artificial intelligence to improve the lives of our enterprise users. We have built a supportive and inclusive environment where collaboration is encouraged, and learning is shared freely. We value our diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives and harness these qualities to discover connections, solve problems, and create extraordinary impact. 
Successful candidates should have experience with a variety of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) concepts and tools. In this position, the ideal candidate will use their advanced technical skills and leadership ability to: 
Provide exemplary guidance, caring mentorship, and collaborative technical advice to staff. 
Grow, hire, mentor, and manage a team of Search & AI specialists including individuals with data science, data engineering, and ontology/model development skills. 
Lead software engineering teams in the architecture and implementation best-in-class enterprise solutions, including projects related to getting people the information that they need when they need it in order to make informed and timely business decisions. 
Design, plan, and implement performant and optimized search and AI systems based on open source and IBM solutions. 
Coordinate cross-functionally with UX Design Team, the Customer Solutions Manager, and the Enterprise Data Engineer to create integrated solutions that are useful and useable to MITRE users. 
Apply a variety of AI techniques, including data engineering (including data manipulation and data cleansing), model development, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and predictive analytics. 
Assume responsibility for deliverables including definition, completion, and technical quality. Also ensure consistency. 
Interact with the direct work program to understand sponsor needs related to AI, in order to share resources and establish a joint pool of interns and co-ops to continue to expand MITRE’s AI talent pool. 
Communicate to senior leadership to influence change, and end users to ensure adoption of enterprise AI solutions. 
Stay up to date on advances within the Al field, both in industry and academia. 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, including specialization in an Al-related field of study, or related job experience 
8+ years of experience with machine learning, deep learning, data engineering, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Machine Learning (ML) 
Hands-on experience using tools such as: C/C++, Python, TensorFlow, AWS, or IBM Watson 
Experience leading software development projects 
Must be a U.S. citizen with ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance 
Desired Qualifications: 
Strong fundamentals in software engineering, object-oriented programming, web application development, and software architecture 
Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems 
Experience with enterprise search 
Outstanding written and verbal communications skills 
Propensity for accuracy and attention to detail 
This requisition requires the candidate to have a minimum of the following clearance(s): 
Secret 
This requisition requires the hired candidate to have or obtain, within one year from the date of hire, the following clearance(s): 
None 
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of age; ancestry; color; family medical or genetic information; gender identity and expression; marital, military, or veteran status; national and ethnic origin; physical or mental disability; political affiliation; pregnancy; race; religion; sex; sexual orientation; and any other protected characteristics. For further information please visit the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission website EEO is the Law Poster, EEO is the Law Poster-Supplement and Pay Transparency. 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org. 
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. 
Benefits information may be found here Mitre Corporation 23 days ago original job Report job Group Leader jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at The MITRE Corporation in McLean, VA Group Leader salaries in McLean, VA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
