
 
 
 
 VP, Enterprise Architecture - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search VP, Enterprise Architecture eMoney Advisor 13 reviews Atlanta, GA Remote $180,000 - $229,000 a year eMoney Advisor 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $180,000 - $229,000 a year Full Job Description VP of Enterprise Architecture 
As Vice President of Enterprise Architecture, you’ll lead the Architecture practice for eMoney Advisor’s product offerings. You will inspire and work with a team of engineering leaders while also leading a team of high performing architects. Our ideal candidate will bring a track record of building high-quality enterprise products, platforms, systems, and services that are highly extensible, reliable, secure, and performant at scale. You’ll collaborate and partner with all the Engineering and Product leadership in the company to lead the strategy, planning, adoption and execution of the architectural roadmap and ensure alignment with Architectural best practices in an Agile manner. You are a thought leader regarding what is possible and how can we achieve our goals to influence our top-level business and product goals. Ultimately, your mission is to add business value and create competitive advantage for the business through effective and efficient execution of product and technical strategy. 
 
This role is eligible to be up to 100% remote 
Reporting to the Head of Technology and IT Operations, you will be part of a team delivering ground-breaking wealth management and financial wellness software products, with the support of a strong core business. 
Primary Responsibilities 
Define and evolve the Architectural Strategy and Roadmap for eMoney Advisor’s product offerings while ensuring that it is tightly aligned with the company’s business objectives. 
Define an Architectural Strategy that encompasses both the software and data architecture for all of the company’s product offerings. 
Implement Agile/Lean Architectural processes and practices. 
Research industry trends and their applicability to our platform and application architecture. Help innovate and differentiate eMoney Advisor products from our competitors. 
Own the definition of key non-functional requirements (scalability, availability, maintenance, security, etc). 
Promote a positive work environment; select and train new team members; continuously provide feedback, mentoring, and coaching to inspire a high-performing team of architects to develop technology architecture that enables and drives new business capabilities and operating models. 
Communicate, socialize and evangelize technology architecture direction to your team of architects and senior engineers as well as senior company leadership. 
Collaborating with Engineering & Product peers to analyze enterprise business context (business strategy and trends), as well as change requirements in current implementation to derive the technology architecture future state. This includes defining the requirements, principles and models that guide technology decisions for the enterprise. 
Drive innovation by using innovative new technologies and approaches to renovate, extend, and transform the existing core technology base around cloud, web, mobile, AI/ML, microservices, big data, and API-enabled platforms and products. 
Be responsible for the architectural analysis of the current product offerings to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement. 
Assist with crafting the Agile/Lean governance, assurance and standards activities associated with ensuring enterprise technology architecture compliance. 
Skills & Requirement 
Extensive experience in software engineering, data engineering, and leadership of engineering organizations including a significant leadership role driving the definition and implementation of an Enterprise-level Architectural Strategy and Roadmap for a mid- to large-sized product organization. 
Experience leading in an Agile/Lean environment and experience with widely adopted Agile/Lean frameworks. 
Ability to effectively and clearly communicate software engineering concepts to technical and non-technical audiences. 
Demonstrated history of hiring, developing, retaining and upgrading technical talent including the management of globally distributed teams. 
Experience with integrating with partner solutions and acquired technologies. 
Experienced at modernizing legacy systems including the technical and change management aspects that accompany transformative change. 
Deep expertise in modern data, AI/ML and cloud technologies. 
Poise and ability to act calmly and competently in high-pressure, high-stress situations. 
Must be a critical thinker, with strong problem-solving skills, project management skills: financial/budget management, scheduling, and resource management. 
A strong solution orientation with a penchant for not only identifying problems but also finding ways of solving them within typical business constraints. 
Ability to lead and motivate cross-functional, interdisciplinary teams to achieve strategic goals. 
If you have worked as a Director of Architecture, Director of Enterprise Architecture, VP of Architecture, VP of Engineering, Chief Data Officer, VP of Data Architecture, you are encouraged to apply. 
The salary range for this position is $180,000 - $229,000; commensurate salary to be determined based on skills, professional background and expertise. This position is also eligible, pursuant to applicable eMoney policies, for the annual bonus program, retirement contributions, health insurance, sick leave, parental leave and paid time off. eMoney Advisor 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at eMoney Advisor in Atlanta, GA Vice President salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from eMoney Advisor eMoney Advisor 13 reviews We help people talk about money. Our mission is to transform the way financial professionals deliver advice at scale.  At eMoney advisor,... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
