
 
 
 
 Principal Research Scientist - Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for Advanced Analytical and Data Sciences - Indianapolis, IN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Research Scientist - Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for Advanced Analytical and Data Sciences Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews Indianapolis, IN Full-time Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We’re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.
 Organization Overview:
 How would you like a career where you get to use your best analytical skills to make a substantial difference in the well-being of people across the globe? Bring YOUR skills and talents to Lilly and our Advanced Analytics and Data Sciences organization where you’ll have the opportunity to make an impact on the lives of patients.
 As an innovation driven company, we work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism.
 Our Advanced Analytics and Data Sciences organization is growing to support the entire Lilly enterprise, from Discovery to Development to Manufacturing and Commercialization of our medicines. To solve the complex problems of a global business and the ever-evolving data and analytics landscape, the organization generally requires advanced degrees in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research and computer science. We are playing a leading role in transforming the way the company discovers and develops new treatments, identifies personalized treatment regimens, drives efficiency in our operations and optimizes our commercialization of new products. WE are doing this with an emphasis in the areas of machine learning and artificial intelligence, natural language processing and other approaches to unstructured data, advanced mathematical and predictive modeling, visual analytics and more. Whether you are intrigued by the research and development of new medicines or optimizing our commercialization/business, or driving efficiency into our operations, we have a position for you. You will be encouraged to identify important business problems and to further your own research interests in these areas including presentations and publications at professional meetings. Come join us on our amazing journey to make life better!
 Responsibilities:
 Represent AADS as to interact with internal and external business partners.
 Maintain an external lens and stay abreast of emerging platforms, technologies (ML/AI, Reinforcement Learning, Deep learning, Intelligent automation, NLP, NLG, Big Data/Data Lakes, Digital Health) and evaluate business viability of such technologies for specific use cases.
 Rigorous, objective scientific assessment of novel external innovation opportunities including analysis of patents, scientific literature, market research & strategy reports and probing discussions with internal Lilly scientists
 Responsible for building, managing, gaining internal buy-in, advancing and piloting a portfolio of possible innovative solutions that will support the Lilly current and future business portfolio needs and growth opportunities.
 Responsible for networking with business partners to systematically identify and collect key business problems.
 Responsible for connecting with quality, regulatory and internal AADS team to build and streamline AADS analytic operations to speed up innovations.
 Basic Qualifications:
 Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics focusing on Numeric Analysis, High Performance Computing, Operations Research, Physics, or closely related field
 5 to 10+ years working experience with research experience.
 Additional Preferences/Skills:
 Demonstrated proficiency with analytics-oriented programming languages, including Python/R and experience with low level languages, including C/C++.
 Research/work experience with optimization algorithms, including nonlinear optimizations.
 Research/work experience in reinforcement learning, deep learning, and general machine learning algorithms
 Demonstrated proficiency communicating complex statistical/machine learning results to technical and non-technical though journal publications, conferences presentations/posters, and seminars
 Demonstrated examples of collaborative projects with scientific investigators that required justification of methods, performing analysis, reporting, and interpreting results
 Strong communication skills
 Make the impossible possible in your quest to make life better.
 Bring Analytics to life by giving it zeal and making it applicable to our business.
 Bring an insatiable desire to learn, to innovate, and to challenge yourself for the benefit of patients.
 Lilly is a global health care leader that unites caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. For more than a century, we have stayed true to a core set of values—excellence, integrity, and respect for people—that guide us in all we do: discovering medicines that meet real needs, improving the understanding and management of disease, and giving back to communities. We also are committed to investing in our employees and supporting a culture of well-being —through competitive pay, comprehensive employee benefit programs, and training and development resources.
 We’re doing extraordinary things. Join us and you could be, too!
 For internal employees, if you are currently in a technical path role, but outside of the posting band, you may apply. You will be hired at your current level. For example: Current P4 (tech ladder), Posting R1-2 tech ladder, hire will occur at P4
 Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively “Lilly”) are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( Lilly_Recruiting_Compliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.
 Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. Eli Lilly 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Indianapolis, IN Jobs at Eli Lilly in Indianapolis, IN Data Scientist salaries in Indianapolis, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Eli Lilly Eli Lilly 1,857 reviews At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
