
 
 
 
 Manager, Engineering - Oregon - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Engineering Momentive 23 reviews Oregon Remote Momentive 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who we are and what we do 
 
Momentive (NASDAQ: MNTV) (formerly SurveyMonkey) is a leader in agile experience management, delivering powerful, purpose-built solutions that bring together the best parts of humanity and technology to redefine AI. Momentive products, including GetFeedback, SurveyMonkey, and its brand and market insights solutions, empower decision-makers at 345,000 organizations worldwide to shape exceptional experiences. More than 20 million active users rely on Momentive to fuel market insights, brand insights, employee experience, customer experience, and product experience. Ultimately, the company's vision is to raise the bar for human experiences by amplifying individual voices. Learn more at Momentive.ai. 
 
More about our Market Research Platform Team 
 
The Momentive.ai Market Research platform helps businesses understand market needs, industry trends, and buyer feedback. We have agile engineering, product, and design teams dedicated to enhancing our offerings in this quickly evolving space. We're a high-growth business unit that is pushing the boundaries of innovation for quantitative online survey data building automated solutions for some of the company's most valuable customers. We're competing head to head with incumbents (Qualtrics) and new brands (Zappi, Quantilope), so you can expect a fast-paced, startup-like environment. The Market Research Demand engineering team is responsible for building and growing the buyer experience within the platform. We use data to drive our product development, with a heavy emphasis on using A/B testing as a tool for iterative development as we build new solutions and optimize our existing products. 
 
What we're looking for 
 
We're looking for a Software Engineering Manager to lead the Market Research Demand team, an engineering team dedicated to creating quick experiments,new product features and new solutions to drive improvements in revenue and other key metrics. As the leader of this team, you'll work closely with a product manager to ideate on ways to drive growth, help your team create and develop fast, pragmatic solutions to meet the team's goals, and find new and better ways to monitor the health of our business. You will report to the Senior Engineering Manager. 
 
You will 
 
 Hire and retain passionate team members 
 Encourage career growth for your team members through coaching, frequent feedback and providing opportunities to develop their strengths 
 Lead a small, scrappy team of engineers by providing hands-on code reviews, and regular check-ins on project status 
 Provide guidance and mentorship to your team to write robust, testable, and reusable code, and troubleshoot issues 
 
 You have 
 
 8+ years of software development experience 
 Deep technical knowledge in modern web development 
 Proven record of data-driven development 
 Experience working closely with product manager and development team to quickly create, implement and test new features 
 Strong coaching and mentorship skills 
 Due to 24x7x365 operation, must be willing to be available for off-hours work 
 Preferably 2-4 years experience leading an engineering team 
 Preferably experience with React and GraphQL 
 Preferably experience with Node.js web application development 
 Preferably experience with Python web frameworks, like Pylons/Pyramid or Django; or for other languages, like Ruby on Rails 
 
 What we offer our employees 
 
Momentive is a place where the curious come to grow and shape what's next. By embedding inclusion into our processes, policies, and culture for our 1,400+ employees across North America, Europe, and APAC, we're building a workplace where people of every background can excel. We've won multiple awards and received recognition for our forward-looking policies, including extended parental and bereavement leave, vendor benefits standards, and Take 4 sabbaticals. 
 
Momentive is featured as a Glassdoor 2021 Best Place to Work and National Capital Region's Top Employer in Canada (2021). In 2020, Momentive was recognized as a top place to work by Glassdoor Best Places to Work, Fortune Best Places to Work in the Bay Area, Parity.org's Best Companies for Women to Advance, and National Capital Region's Top Employers in Canada. Momentive has consistently been recognized by Great Place to Work® and Fortune as a top workplace since 2018, and we have also won numerous awards as a leader in global survey software, including being named among the G2 Best Software Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, and the Forbes Cloud 100. 
 
Our commitment to an inclusive workplace 
 
Momentive is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We celebrate the unique differences of our employees because that is what drives curiosity, innovation, and the success of our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information, political affiliation, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities. 
 
Learn more about our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts  here. 
 
#LI-Remote momentive 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in Oregon Jobs at Momentive in Oregon Engineer salaries in Oregon Company Info Follow Get job updates from Momentive Momentive 23 reviews Momentive (NASDAQ: MNTV) (formerly SurveyMonkey) is a leader in agile experience management, delivering powerful, purpose-built solutions... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
