
 
 
 
 CIRES/ NOAA Physical Sciences Laboratory Integrated Data Assimilation and Artificial Intelligence Research Associate - Boulder, CO 80305 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CIRES/ NOAA Physical Sciences Laboratory Integrated Data Assimilation and Artificial Intelligence Research Associate University of Colorado Boulder 425 reviews Boulder, CO 80305 $70,000 - $75,000 a year  -   Full-time University of Colorado Boulder 425 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $70,000 - $75,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary 
 The NOAA Physical Sciences Laboratory (PSL) seeks to fill a Research Associate position to develop novel data assimilation capabilities using new advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning. Research areas include model emulation, forecast error covariance estimation, assimilation of high-resolution satellite data, and enhancement of data assimilation solution methods. These will all be developed with the targeted goal of producing a coupled atmosphere-ocean data assimilation capability for applications such as hurricane forecasts and subseasonal-to-seasonal prediction. 
 
The University of Colorado Boulder is committed to building a culturally diverse community of faculty, staff, and students dedicated to contributing to an inclusive campus environment. We are an Equal Opportunity employer, including veterans and individuals with disabilities.
 Who We Are 
 At CIRES, the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences, more than 800 environmental scientists work to understand the dynamic Earth system, including people’s relationship with the planet. CIRES is a partnership of NOAA and the University of Colorado Boulder, and our areas of expertise include weather and climate, changes at the Earth’s poles, air quality and atmospheric chemistry, water resources, and solid Earth sciences. Our vision is to be instrumental in ensuring a sustainable future environment by advancing the scientific and societal understanding of the Earth system. 
https://cires.colorado.edu/ 
Physical Sciences Laboratory website: 
https://psl.noaa.gov/ 
 What Your Key Responsibilities Will Be 
 Own an original effort in the development of new data assimilation methodologies that integrate artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
Perform supportive activities such as software development, conducting experiments using high-performance computing and cloud computing, and pre and post-processing of data as needed for analysis and visualization. 
Participate in regular discussion sessions with collaborators. 
Publish results in peer-reviewed journals. 
 What You Should Know 
 This position will be rostered in CIRES at the University of Colorado Boulder but will be physically situated in the David Skaggs Research Center, 325 Broadway, Boulder, CO 80305. If you are the selected finalist you will be required to pass a federal laboratory background clearance for site access. 
 What We Can Offer 
 CIRES can offer a generous compensation package. Salary is commensurate with education and experience and determined based on our CIRES internal career track classification. 
The annual hiring salary range for this position is $70,000.00 - $75,000.00. 
 Benefits 
 The University of Colorado offers excellent benefits, including medical, dental, retirement, paid time off, tuition benefit and ECO Pass. The University of Colorado Boulder is one of the largest employers in Boulder County and offers an inspiring higher education environment. Learn more about the University of Colorado Boulder. 
 Be Statements 
 Be collaborative. Be inclusive. Be Boulder. 
 What We Require 
 A relevant Ph.D. degree is required for this role. 
Experience in one or more fields is required: Data Assimilation, Mathematical Optimization, Atmospheric or Oceanic Science, Applied Mathematics and Statistics, Computer Science, Computational Science, Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning. 
 What You Will Need 
 Experience with high performance computing and/or cloud computing. 
Knowledge of data assimilation (particularly ensemble and variational methods), mathematical optimization, or related AI methods (e.g. advanced applications of recurrent neural networks, computer vision scene reconstruction). 
Knowledge of dynamical systems or geophysical systems. 
Interest in geophysical AI applications. 
 What We Would Like You To Have 
 Experience with forecasting in the Geosciences. 
Experience with data processing and data visualization. 
Experience with high-performance computing, including both CPU and GPU architectures. 
Experience with Python, C++, Fortran, or equivalent high-level languages. 
Experience with deep learning and related software tools such as Pytorch or Tensorflow. 
 Special Instructions 
 To apply, please submit the following materials: 
Resume or CV 
Cover letter addressed to the Search Committee briefly describing your qualifications, professional goals, and specific interest in this position. 
List of contact information for 3 references who may be contacted on your behalf. You don’t need to include letters of recommendation with your application. If you are selected as a finalist for this role, we will also use Skillsurvey to check references. SkillSurvey is an online automated reference check solution. 
If you are selected as the finalist, your degree will be verified by the CU Boulder Campus Human Resources department using an approved online vendor. If your degree was obtained outside of the United States, please submit a translated version as an optional attachment. 
The position will be open until filled. Applications will be screened as they are received. 
Note: Application materials will not be accepted via email. For consideration, applications must be submitted through CU Boulder Jobs. 
 Posting Contact Information 
 Posting Contact Name:  Steve Penny 
 Posting Contact Email:  steve.penny@noaa.gov University of Colorado Boulder 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at University of Colorado Boulder in Boulder, CO Research Associate salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Colorado Boulder University of Colorado Boulder 425 reviews As one of only 34 U.S. public research institutions in the Association of American Universities (AAU), the University of Colorado Boulder... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
