
 
 
 
 Chief Data Officer - Williamsburg, VA 23187 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Data Officer William & Mary 178 reviews Williamsburg, VA 23187 William & Mary 178 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $120,000 - $150,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Present Position Number   FP846W 
 
 Role Code Title   Prof/Lecturer/11-12Mth 
 
 Position Title   Chief Data Officer 
 
 Position Summary 
 The Chief Data Officer (CDO) is a strategic leader responsible for the collection management, storage, governance, and usage of university data assets Reporting to the Deputy Chief Information Officer (DCIO), the DCO serves as an essential member of the IT executive leadership team and key advisor to university leadership. The CDO is responsible for developing and maintaining data in a manner that promotes the routine use of analytics to inform institutional strategy and drive innovation. The CDO works directly with university administration, faculty, and staff in designing and implementing this strategy. 
Primary functions include:
 Strategic Leadership: Assure institutional data aligns with and enables realization of university strategic goals. 
 Data Governance: Oversees enterprise data governance efforts. 
 Data Content Management: Manages data quality, curation, and integrity efforts for new and existing data sources. 
 Data Access and Use: Creates and maintains reporting, access, compliance, and analytics standards and oversees related implementation efforts. 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 EDUCATION 
 Bachelor’s degree in a related field with evidence of increasing responsibility and specialized expertise directly related to the position. 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Strong leadership skills with proven ability to lead technical teams, manage projects and develop human capital. 
 Ability to identify administrative, academic, and research needs related to data collection, management, retentions, and distribution practices. 
 Expertise in the design and construction of information architectures that enable well-integrated transactional, collaborative, and analytical systems. 
 Practical understanding of data management and ETL tools, 
 Solid understanding of cloud computing strategies and best practices 
 Superb analytical and problem-solving skills with the proven ability to solve highly complex and technical issues to achieve practical results. 
 Outstanding interpersonal skills with ability to partner with functional and technical colleagues to build consensus, build collegial relationships, and foster collaborative interactions. 
 Understanding of institutional research function, academic research practices and information security standards and practices. 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Supervisory experience implementing and supporting information collection, management, retention, and distribution solutions. 
 Demonstrated experience building a technical team that fosters relationships, achieves meaningful results, and enriches the experience of the workforce. 
 Strong project management experience 
 Experience supporting and managing technically complex information solutions. 
 Experience designing and implementing data storage solutions such as data marts, operational data stores, data warehouses, or other archive and storage solutions. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 EDUCATION 
 Master’s degree in business, information science, data analytics or other closely related field. 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Expertise in Master Data Management (MDM) 
 Skills in modeling data from various source systems 
 Working knowledge of Banner or other education ERP, Salesforce CRM, Blackboard or other learning management systems, Blackbaud CRM or other fundraising data systems. 
 Understanding learning analytics and educational data mining 
 Understanding of machine learning, natural language, artificial intelligence, and block chain technologies as applied to data analytics. 
 Working knowledge of QLIK analytics platform 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Experience leading a business intelligence, institutional research, and data analytics team supporting enterprise data solutions. 
 Experience in implementing and supporting data systems for higher education. 
 Experience with MDM, data quality, data governance, ETL, and data integration tools. 
 Experience using statistical or analytical programming tools. Experience with QLIK analytics platform is highly desirable. 
 
 Advertised Pay Range   $120,000 - $150,000, Commensurate with Experience 
 
 Department   3H7000 IT 
 
 Location   William & Mary 
 
 University Salary Range   U21 
 
 Job Open Date   05/05/2021 
 
 Review Begin Date 
 
 Job Close Date 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Employment Category   Full Time Professional 
 
 Position Term   12-Month 
 
 Special Application Instructions 
 
 Conditions of Employment: 
 This position is subject to additional hours that extend beyond the typical work hours, to include weekend or holiday work. 
 May require occasional overnight travel as needed. 
 Information Security: This position requires administrative access to the university’s information systems and/or sensitive university data. The incumbent is expected to be aware of and adhere to the information security policies of the university as well as all applicable federal, state, and local laws, follow information security best practices applicable to their job area, and to pursue information security training and awareness opportunities when possible. 
 
 EEO Statement 
 William & Mary values diversity and invites applications from underrepresented groups who will enrich the research, teaching and service missions of the university. The university is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and encourages applications from women, minorities, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. 
 
 Background Check Statement 
 William & Mary is committed to providing a safe campus community. W&M conducts background investigations for applicants being considered for employment. Background investigations include reference checks, a criminal history record check, and when appropriate, a financial (credit) report or driving history check. 
 
 Benefits Summary Statement 
 William & Mary offers our employees a full array of benefits including retirement, health insurance with options for expanded dental and vision along with group and optional life insurance with coverage for spouse and children, flexible spending accounts, and an EAP (Employee Assistance Program). 
 
Our employees enjoy additional university benefits such as educational assistance, professional development, wellness benefits, and a robust holiday schedule. All employees have access to fitness facilities on campus. Staff members also have access to the university libraries, and much more. To learn more, go to: https://www.wm.edu/offices/hr/currentemployees/benefits/index.php William & Mary 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Nursing Officer jobs in Williamsburg, VA Jobs at William & Mary in Williamsburg, VA Chief Nursing Officer salaries in Williamsburg, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from William & Mary William & Mary 178 reviews We're the second oldest institution of higher learning in the country, and a cutting-edge research university.

Building on more than 3... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
