
 
 
 
 Principal I/O Investigator - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal I/O Investigator Micron 1,039 reviews San Jose, CA Micron 1,039 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Micron’s vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  Join an inclusive team focused on one thing: using our expertise in the relentless pursuit of innovation for customers and partners. The solutions we create help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible. We do it all while committing to integrity, sustainability, and giving back to our communities. Because doing so can spark the very innovation we are pursuing. 
Req. ID: 295482 
Are you ready for the opportunity of a lifetime? 
Micron’s Interface Pathfinding Team bridges corporate strategy and product execution through the forward-looking development of leading-edge interface technologies. As such, all members of the team are encouraged to proactively identify and explore opportunities for future interface performance extension, including collaborative development of innovative circuit, signaling, packaging, and interconnect solutions with a 3-5 year outlook, while building a robust intellectual property portfolio around the same. These objectives are realized in an environment of continuous learning. 
Engaging within the team, you will be encouraged to support Micron’s performance scaling strategies through: 
Investigating novel and literature-inspired I/O circuit functionality, and preparing promising solutions for future product adoption 
Realizing a return on investment through hand-shaking of new concepts with product teams 
Co-developing new Design-for-Test and in-situ characterization capabilities 
Developing new circuit analysis methods to support improved performance prediction and characterization 
Driving exploratory circuit preparation to take advantage of test-chip opportunities 
In these activities, you will engage across multiple fields including CMOS Process Development, Circuit and Chip Design, Signal Integrity, Packaging R&D, and System Integration. 
Successful candidates for this position will have:
 Ph.D. w/10 years, or MSEE w/15 years, of confirmed experience 
Deep knowledge of CMOS device and circuit theory as well as familiarity with process integration 
Comprehensive experience with end-to-end IC design flow and success taking circuits from conception through layout / tape-out and into manufacturing 
Proven success realizing high-speed SerDes including simple to sophisticated equalization at both ends of the link, and familiarity with CDR / PLL design and data-encoding / error-correction 
Experience designing within advanced logic nodes (20nm Planar  7nm FinFET) 
Solid understanding of signal and power integrity principles and sensitivities 
We are looking for a team member who is able to: identify gaps and opportunities and address them with minimal direction, think “outside-the-box” and yet offer innovative solutions within a set of practical constraints, clearly convey vital details of complex issues and corresponding solutions in both written and verbal formats, and work collaboratively within the larger pathfinding team. 
About Micron Technology, Inc. 
We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron® and Crucial® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies, including DRAM, NAND, 3D XPoint™ memory and NOR, is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 40 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, 5G, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like mobile, data center, client, consumer, industrial, graphics, automotive, and networking. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more visit micron.com/careers 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. 
Micron prohibits the use of child labor and complies with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and other international and industry labor standards. 
Micron does not charge candidates any recruitment fees or unlawfully collect any other payment from candidates as consideration for their employment with Micron. 
For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at  1-800-336-8918  or 208-368-4748 and/or by completing our General Contact Form 
Keywords: San Jose || California (US-CA) || United States (US) || Technology Development || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-JH1; Not Applicable || Tier 5 || Micron 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Micron in San Jose, CA Principal salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Micron Micron 1,039 reviews http://www.micron.com/careers

Who We Are
For over 40 years, Micron’s memory and storage solutions have been
foundational to innovati... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
