
 
 
 
 Sr. Principal Scientist/Principal Scientist, Structure Based Protein Analysis - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Principal Scientist/Principal Scientist, Structure Based Protein Analysis Pfizer 5,932 reviews Cambridge, MA Full-time Pfizer 5,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ROLE SUMMARY
 We are seeking a protein structure modeling expert to design industry-leading biotherapeutics as part of Pfizer's BioMedicine Design team. The successful candidate will join project teams to optimize protein-based therapeutic leads (such as antibodies, multi-specifics, and fusion proteins) in early through late discovery, primarily using protein structure, molecular simulation, and AI/ML property prediction models. The candidate will evaluate and create improved computational workflows, and collaborate across departments to generate and analyze high quality datasets to inform design of improved AI/ML prediction models. Other areas of opportunity in our group include AAV based gene therapy and RNA vaccine
 optimization, and engineering improved protein scaffolds.
 ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
 Works with project teams as a primary source of knowledge for structure-based computational analysis of protein biotherapeutic leads and provides optimized designs. Effectively communicates results and recommendations to colleagues with diverse scientific backgrounds. Evaluates/implements new or improved methods to increase throughput and/or accuracy of molecular modeling workflows. Analyzes data sets to discover relationships between protein structure and key pharmaceutical properties. Engineers improved general platforms for protein therapeutics, gene therapies, and RNA vaccines.
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
 PhD in biochemistry, chemistry, or a related field and experience in the biopharmaceutical industry.
 Strong track record of structure-based engineering of protein properties (such as stability and binding partner affinity).
 Expertise in one or more commonly used protein structure modeling software packages.
 Programming in a Linux environment using a scripting language such as Perl or Python.
 Working knowledge of bioinformatics tools and databases.
 Conducting research projects in a team setting, presenting results to scientists of varying technical backgrounds.
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Working knowledge of antibody structure and function is a significant advantage.
 Experience with computational RNA structure prediction and/or stabilization.
 Linux systems administration skills and knowledge of HPC environments.
 Knowledge of ML/AI methods.
 Experience with one or more of the following software suites: Schrodinger, Rosetta, Discovery Studio, FoldX.
 Experience integrating multiple scientific software toolkits to develop new analysis workflows usable by colleagues.
 Strong track record of publication in topics involving protein structure analysis.
 Other Job Details:
 Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus: YES
 #LI-PFE
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Research and Development
 #LI-PFE Pfizer 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Principal Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Pfizer in Cambridge, MA Senior Principal Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,932 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
