
 
 
 
 Director, Track Services Product Management – Entity Management & Analytics - Purchase, NY 10577 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Track Services Product Management – Entity Management & Analytics MasterCard 629 reviews Purchase, NY 10577 Temporarily remote Full-time MasterCard 629 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Mastercard’s Commercial Product team develops and delivers world-class solutions for small, middle and large sized enterprises around the world. As a part of this business, the Global Business to Business (B2B) Product team develops solutions and services to increase the efficiency, safety, security and electronification of business payments. Mastercard has developed the Track Business Payment Service (Track BPS). It is the first global open loop commercial solution built to simplify and automate the exchange of payments-related data between the world’s buyers and suppliers. It leverages common standards, richer data exchanges and multiple payment types to optimize the value, efficiency and control of B2B payments. The B2B payment opportunity is estimated at $125T annually.
 
The Director, Track Services Product Management – Entity Management & Analytics will lead the group’s efforts to create scalable products and analytics to maximize customer adoption of B2B Solutions.
 
This role reports to the Track Services Product Management Lead within Global Commercial B2B
 
Role
 
 Work in collaboration with the Track Services Product Management Lead to own Product Management for Entity Management within Commercial and B2B Analytics
 Create the strategy, design and implementation in partnership with Product Development to build the Track Search capability
 Be the Subject Matter Expert (SME) on Entity Matching & Support the Regional Market Managers and Agent Solutions team by equipping them with the tools to target priority agents and corporates pre- and post-implementation
 Identify enhancements and own the Product roadmap for Track Search
 Lead a group of data scientists to create decision-making tools and analytics to drive Track BPS virality and network effects
 Lead Commercial data strategy partnering across Commercial B2B data products to ensure data assets and strategy are coordinated
 Partners with Data & Services, Operations & Technology and Artificial Intelligence teams as necessary to create algorithms to identify trends with buyer, supplier and their agents
 Design, deliver and manage the data ingestion, matching and analytics processes for B2B Solutions across the pre-sales, enrollment and onboarding lifecycle
 Act as the gatekeeper and custodian of internal and client-provided Commercial data
 
All About You
 
 
 3-5 years of experience as a Senior Product Manager or 5-7 years of experience as a Product Manager
 3-5 years of experience in performing data analysis and developing business centric data strategies
 A self-starter with the intellectual curiosity to develop an optimized data strategy and management approach of information assets to maximize business outcomes
 The ability to leverage data analytics to maximize data match algorithms across disparate data sets
 Experience in leveraging SQL, Hadoop and data analytics Business Intelligence (BI) tools such Tableau, Power BI
 Ability to decompose business and technical process flows; develop optimized solutions and articulate business requirements to technical teams for implementation
 Strong analytical skills and attention to detail, with an ability to create and present objective analysis
 Undergraduate degree required in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Data Science, Applied Mathematics or related field
 MBA or relevant post graduate degree recommended
 
Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
 
Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 
If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly.
 Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
 Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact  reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com  and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. 
 Corporate Security Responsibility 
 
Every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security. All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and therefore, it is expected that the successful candidate for this position must:
 
 
• Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
 
• Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
 
• Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
 
• Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines. MasterCard 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Product Management jobs in Purchase, NY Jobs at MasterCard in Purchase, NY Director of Product Management salaries in Purchase, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from MasterCard MasterCard 629 reviews Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. We operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connectin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
