
 
 
 
 Global Innovation Strategic Programs and Marketing, Assistant Director - Secaucus, NJ 07094 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Global Innovation Strategic Programs and Marketing, Assistant Director EY 7,926 reviews Secaucus, NJ 07094 EY 7,926 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all. 
The opportunity 
 This is a great opportunity for an experienced communications and marketing specialist (with a tech background preferred) to work on a number of tech/innovation focused projects to help deliver on global marketing and communications initiatives. The candidate will work across the organizations with colleagues from BMC globally, public relations, service lines and regions to help manage internal and external programs. The individual should be detail-oriented, well-organized, and capable of handling multiple projects at once. The individual should be comfortable working across teams in a matrixed organization. Success of this role will be measured based on the program metrics and engagement and the individual’s strength in high performance teaming in a diverse team setting. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 In this role, you will play an important part in helping to lead and execute Global Innovation key communications and marketing initiatives. You’re likely to spend most of your time connecting with colleagues across sectors, geographies, service lines and external agencies and organizations to build and execute programs that amplify our innovation brand and capabilities internally and externally. To make that happen, you’ll need to demonstrate a good understanding of the latest in technology and its impact on today’s fast-changing business landscape.
 Lead and execute high impact strategic programs (internal and external) with an advanced tech focus for the Global Innovation team in a fast pace environment
 Collaborate across BMC, the Global Innovation team and regional/service line innovation teams to build impactful marketing events/programs to drive awareness of the innovation brand internally and externally
 Develop advanced tech/AI focused digital content and assets leveraging use cases and case studies for internal and external channels including ey.com, webcasts, and social channels 
Ensure budget management of all marketing spend 
Provide metrics and marketing analytics against all events and programs 
Skills and attributes for success 
 A strong team player, comfortable working collaboratively, virtually and independently 
Excellent communication and networking skills – able to effectively manage and influence senior leaders as well as a broad range of internal and client facing professionals 
Strong writing and written communication skills
 Ability to work in a high pace, agile environment and work under pressure and to tight deadlines, managing multiple priorities effectively 
Ability to synthesize complex information into simple, high impact messages 
Ability to initiate new ideas and solutions to solve challenges and problems 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 Experience executing high level, integrated content marketing programs with substantial experience in professional services and tech 
Experience working with tech companies and start ups and strong interests in the tech and innovation space
 Experience building media and social media strategies and working with external PR and media agencies 
Experience successfully managing multiple complex projects at a global level 
Experience with the use of a variety of digital channels to deliver initiatives to targeted buyers 
Ideally, you’ll also have 
 Good understanding of the EY business, key stakeholders and influencers and professional services
 Previous journalism or PR agency experience is a plus
 Availability for US and occasionally domestic travel 
What we look for 
We’re looking for an experienced, high energy individual who can lead and executive first class marketing and communications program (with a technology background or strong interests in tech and innovation). 
What we offer 
 We offer a competitive remuneration package where you’ll be rewarded for your individual and team performance. Our comprehensive Total Rewards package includes support for flexible working and career development, and with FlexEY you can select benefits that suit your needs, covering holidays, health and well-being, insurance, savings and a wide range of discounts, offers and promotions. Plus, we offer: 
Continuous learning:  You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next. 
Success as defined by you:  We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way. 
Transformative leadership:  We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs. 
Diverse and inclusive culture:  You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs. 
If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build. 
 EY | Building a better working world 
 EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets. 
 Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate. 
Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today. EY 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in Secaucus, NJ Jobs at EY in Secaucus, NJ Program Director salaries in Secaucus, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from EY EY 7,926 reviews Official EY Indeed Account. Join us as we ask #BetterQuestions and discuss topics that matter to you, the workplace, and the future of bu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
