
 
 
 
 Intelligence Analyst, Senior - Fort Shafter, HI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intelligence Analyst, Senior Booz Allen Hamilton 2,279 reviews Fort Shafter, HI Booz Allen Hamilton 2,279 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge: 
Critical decisions are made every single day in the military. What if you could use your analytical skills to help military leaders make informed decisions? With all the information available today, it takes a skilled analyst to know how to find and interpret the best data to give their clients the right answers. As an Intelligence Analyst you will use your specialized military, analysis, and intelligence experience to guide the development of reports, intelligence products, and analytic assessments to give your client the actionable intelligence and context they need to drive the mission. If you have strong analytical skills, a problem-solving mindset, and polished leadership skills, we have an opportunity to use those skills to support our warfighters and protect our national security. 
As an Intelligence Analyst, you’ll greatly enhance the client’s understanding of the rapidly evolving and dynamic operational landscape that directly challenges US interests in the region. Using your comprehensive understanding of the US Intelligence Community, you’ll apply your deep understanding of intelligence capabilities and regional issues to fulfill outstanding intelligence requirements, close intelligence collection gaps, and produce single source and all-source analytic assessment to meet the customer’s needs. As an authority for Indo-Pacific matters, your client will look to you for time critical recommendations, often under pressure. This is a chance to apply your amassed Indo-Pacific regional knowledge and intelligence expertise. You’ll share your expertise with other intelligence professionals through leadership and mentoring. As a technical leader, you’ll identify new opportunities to help your customers meet their toughest analytic challenges. Join us as we provide the right information at the right time to support the critical needs of senior decisionmakers. 
Empower change with us. 
You Have: 10+ years of experience in managing and coordinating Intelligence operations Experience in analyzing influential organizations across the Pacific Rim Experience with INDOPACOM Intelligence problem sets Knowledge of US Intelligence Community capabilities and resources Ability to collaborate and innovate to solve problems Ability to explain complex problems to senior military leadership TS/SCI clearance BA or BS degree 
Nice if You Have: Experience with working in a Processing, Exploitation, and Dissemination (PED) Center Experience in supporting US Army intelligence operations Knowledge of data visualization, AI/ML, and other technical tools to enhance analytic efficiencies Knowledge of data science tools and practices Ability to align service tasks to Combatant Command objectives TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph MA or MS degree 
Clearance: 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. 
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. 
#LI-AH1, APC7 Booz Allen Hamilton 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Fort Shafter, HI Jobs at Booz Allen Hamilton in Fort Shafter, HI Intelligence Analyst salaries in Fort Shafter, HI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Booz Allen Hamilton Booz Allen Hamilton 2,279 reviews At Booz Allen, we believe that your talents are the gateway to tomorrow. Working at the leading-edge of AI, data science, digital transfo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
