
 
 
 
 Gameplay Programmer - Downpour Interactive - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Gameplay Programmer - Downpour Interactive Facebook 631 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Downpour Interactive has stood out as a source of inspiration within the VR industry thanks to the stellar success of Onward, a multi-platform multiplayer MilSim. Onward launched as a multiplayer game long before social became a breakout VR trend and, accordingly, Downpour Interactive leads the VR industry as a best-in-class example of a developer working in tandem with its loyal community to create the best possible social and gaming experience. Onward is Downpour Interactive’s first game, a multiplayer masterpiece full of challenges, tactics, and teamwork, and has stood out over the last several years as a source of inspiration within the VR industry thanks to the stellar success of Onward, as one of the foremost multiplayer VR games, as well as its community support across Rift, Quest, and Steam.We are seeing Gameplay Programmers code content like enemy AI, weapons, character controls, and other functionality. Gameplay Programmers partner with our design and art teams to create compelling in-game experiences. 
Architect, design, and implement robust software systems 
Collaborate with designers and artists to achieve a shared vision 
Create usable tools, scripts, and components to empower content creators 
Research and solve difficult engineering problems 
Strive to add the extra polish that truly sets games apart 
3+ years of professional game development experience in a gameplay capacity 
Experience contributing to gameplay systems, such as player controls, game rules, scripting, weapons, and AI 
Experienced with C# and C++ 
Demonstrate knowledge of software engineering practices 
Solid understanding of 3D mathematics 
Problem solving and debugging skills 
Experience with full-cycle game development 
Experience writing well-structured, readable code 
Experience with Unity3D 
Understand all aspects of game programming including rendering and physics 
Experience working on a tactical FPS games 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 29 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Programmer jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Programmer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
