
 
 
 
 Data Scientist (Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning) - Birmingham, AL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist (Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning) NaphCare, Inc. 288 reviews Birmingham, AL Full-time NaphCare, Inc. 288 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NaphCare has an excellent opportunity for a  Data Scientist (Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning)  to join our Software Development team. The  Data Scientist ,  under the leadership of the Software Development Manager, will work with cross-functional teams to design and develop  machine learning and analytics solutions  for our cutting-edge TechCare Electronic Medical Records application. The ideal candidate has knowledge of Python, Keras, and Tensorflow frameworks, along with the ability to critically assess advanced data analytics problems for creative solutions in support of company goals. 
 Performance Expectations : 
 Collaborate with the Software Development team to develop data models, and artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning solutions using  Python, Keras, and Tensorflow frameworks from data sets 
 Performs testing and validation of AI/machine learning solutions 
 Performs data cleansing and aggregation activities in support of (AI)/machine learning training processes 
 
 Position Requirements: 
 Masters or PhD in Data Science or similar field, highly preferred 
 Minimum of 2 years of relevant Data Analytics or Software Development experience in Python highly preferred; knowledge of healthcare and EMR software is a plus 
 The candidate must possess excellent interpersonal and problem solving skills, must demonstrate efficiency, punctuality and professional communication via phone and email.
 Proficiency in basic computer operation within a Windows environment, and have a basic knowledge of .Net programming. 
 
 With NaphCare, you'll play a critical role in our continuing mission to be the leading provider of quality healthcare in the correctional industry. If you want a career that will make a difference, choose the company that is different. 
 Equal Opportunity Employer: disability/veteran NaphCare, Inc. 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Birmingham, AL Jobs at NaphCare in Birmingham, AL Data Scientist salaries in Birmingham, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from NaphCare, Inc. NaphCare, Inc. 288 reviews Since our founding in 1989, NaphCare, Inc. has been providing a wide range of services to our patients and partners within the correction... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
