
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Sunnyvale, CA 94085 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer Microsoft 7,110 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94085 Microsoft 7,110 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Are you interested in being part of an organization with close to $10 billion in revenue and rapid growth? Are you looking to join a fun and fast paced environment, where people openly collaborate and are empowered to innovate?
 Online Advertising is one of the fastest growing businesses on the Internet today, with about $70 billion of a $600 billion advertising market already online. Search engines, web publishers, major ad networks, and ad exchanges are now serving billions of ad impressions per day and generating terabytes of user events data every day.
 Our team focuses on understanding, predicting, and incentivizing how the advertisers and users interact with our marketplace through algorithm development, advanced machine learning, and optimization. Engineers and scientists on our teamwork at the edge of artificial intelligence and economics developing in the online stack as well as offline workflows. At its core, our team determines which ads are allocated and at what price. 
To help us achieve our ambitious goals, we are looking for a driven, technical, and highly collaborative Software Engineer to join our team 
Responsibilities 
Design and develop data pipelines, systems and tools that power the ads marketplaces. 
Work on new ad products to delight users and add value to advertisers using state of the art techniques in software engineering. 
Design and build automated systems to scale your ideas and monitor their impact. 
Collaborate with other teams in Microsoft. 
Influence and enable teams to make data driven decisions. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
3 or more years of industry experience in one or more of computer science, software engineering, or machine learning 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Statistics, Artificial Intelligence (or related area) or equivalent industry work experience 
Experience with developing complex software systems and data pipelines 
Passionate, self-starter 
Effective communicator - both written and verbal 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Working experience with online advertising 
Masters or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Statistics, Artificial Intelligence (or related area) or equivalent industry work experience 
Experience with building applications on large scale distributed platforms 
Experience with building data processing pipelines 
Experience working in collaboration with scientists to productionize ML models 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
#WebXT Microsoft 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Microsoft in Sunnyvale, CA Software Engineer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,110 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
