
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer DiDi Labs Mountain View, CA Didi autonomous driving is innovating the way we build our self-driving cars. We leverage our ride-sharing network to collect large amounts of data, and improve our algorithms with the data. In this role, you will lead a group of engineers to design, train and deploy ML models. It covers different algorithms across the whole stack. If you are interested in solving exciting and challenging problems, and are enthusiastic about autonomous driving, please join us! 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 From a research perspective, exploring, prototyping, validating, and iterating new  machine learning  algorithms 
 On the development side,  productionize ML algorithms to improve onboard intelligence of autonomous vehicles, including training, serving, evaluating and monitoring the ML models 
 Champion of the  best engineering practices , crafting solutions and not just identifying problems 
 
 
Qualifications: 
 
 MS, or higher degree, in CS/CE/EE, or equivalent industry experience 
 Extensive experience with ML frameworks such as  Tensorflow or PyTorch 
 Strong experience with state-of-the-art machine learning and classification 
 Strong programming skills in Python, C++, or other relevant languages 
 Excellent mathematical reasoning skills, especially with probability 
 Passionate about self-driving car technology and its impact on the world! 
 [plus] Solid research papers on AI/ML or robotics 
 
 About the Company: 
 
 Didi Chuxing ("DiDi") is the world's leading mobile transportation platform. We're committed to working with communities and partners to solve the world's transportation, environmental, and employment challenges by using big data-driven deep-learning algorithms that optimize resource allocation. 
 
 Didi Chuxing's Autonomous-Driving team was established in 2016, and has grown to a comprehensive research and development organization covering HD mapping, perception, behavior prediction, planning and control, infrastructure and simulation, labeling, hardware, mechanical, problem diagnosis, vehicle modifications, connected car, and security, among others. We're developing and testing self-driving vehicles in China and the United States. 
 
 In August 2019, DiDi upgraded its autonomous driving unit to an independent company to focus on R&D, product application, and business development related to self-driving technologies. The new company will integrate the resources and technology of DiDi's platform, continue to increase investment in R&D, and deepen collaboration with auto industry partners. DiDi Labs 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at DiDi Labs in Mountain View, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from DiDi Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
