
 
 
 
 Data Mining Analytics Engineer - Santa Clara, CA 95052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Mining Analytics Engineer Intel 5,494 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95052 Full-time Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
In this position you will help us with the following responsibilities: 
Provide innovative solutions for data mining according to a wide range of parameters, and for visualization of the data to be consumed by engineers, manufacturing and management teams. 
Provide an automation solution for running of different software applications on multiple hardware configurations for the purpose of performance data collection. 
Provide solutions for automating the gathering of performance data including reports in various formats. Provide interconnection between various reports as well as progress towards Key Performance Indicators. 
Application of statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, pattern recognition and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights from very large scale structured and unstructured data and summarize the results by data visualization tools to support process engineers. 
This is an entry level position and compensation will be given accordingly.
 This position is not eligible for Immigration Sponsorship 
Qualifications 
You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your schoolwork/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Candidate must possess a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or any other related field of study or expect the required degree by December 2021. 
Minimum of 3 months of experience in: 
Python scripting languages to automate tasks and manipulate data. 
Writing SQL queries to pull data, automate it, then publish it for analysis 
Modern data science techniques (applied statistics, operation research, data mining, machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence) or demonstrated experience in these fields 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Familiarity with Intel tools such as Graphics Performance Analyzer or VTune 
Minimum of 3 months of experience in: 
The semiconductor industry 
Understanding of performance analysis 
Performance profiling and optimization on the GPU and/or CPU. 
Inside this Business Group 
As the world's largest chip manufacturer, Intel strives to make every facet of semiconductor manufacturing state-of-the-art - from semiconductor process development and manufacturing, through yield improvement to packaging, final test and optimization, and world class Supply Chain and facilities support. Employees in the Technology and Manufacturing Group are part of a worldwide network of design, development, manufacturing, and assembly/test facilities, all focused on utilizing the power of Moore’s Law to bring smart, connected devices to every person on Earth 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. Intel 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mining Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Intel in Santa Clara, CA Mining Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
