
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Product Manager - Dearborn, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Product Manager Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Dearborn, MI Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Dearborn 
 Ford Motor Company 
 GDIA 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
 
Creating the future of smart mobility requires the highly intelligent use of data, metrics and analytics. That’s where you can make an impact as part of our Global Data Insight & Analytics team. We are the trusted advisers that enable Ford to clearly see business conditions, customer needs and the competitive landscape. With our support, key decision makers can act in meaningful, positive ways. Join us and use your data expertise and analytical skills to drive evidence-based, timely decision making. 
 
Global Data Insight & Analytics (GDI&A) organization is seeking a Product Manager that embraces lean and agile practices and can share our passion for building an Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) platform. This role will work in a small, cross-functional teams. The position will interact directly and continuously with business partners, product owners, software engineers and product designers, to release software and capabilities early and often. The team you will be working on is passionate about building an AI/ML enablement platform to democratize Machine Learning capabilities across the Ford enterprise. 
 
What you’ll be able to do: 
Work closely with GDI&A Partners to understand their product vision and break it down into an actionable backlog of user stories for the engineering development team. 
Focus on delivering product value through careful and deliberate prioritization. 
Work hands-on with the development team and other stakeholders to prioritize, plan, and deliver software and infrastructure that meets client requirements. 
Work with other Product Managers to understand Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning platform vision and help them solve challenging issues. 
Work in product teams focused on Machine Learning Tools or MLOps. 
Facilitate Agile ceremonies with the product team and working sessions with the partner group(s). 
Balance "doing it right" with "speed to delivery" by identifying and mitigating risk, generating options, educating business and other decision makers, and taking on justified technical debt. 
Lead by example for cross training/upskilling, problem solving, and speed to delivery. 
Help innovate and iterate on agile PM processes and share our takeaways! 
Mentor and train other Product Managers, Technical Anchors, Software Engineers and Product Owners to help them learn agile methods and build skills. 
 
The minimum requirements we seek: 
Bachelors degree in Data Science, Business Analytics, Computer Science or related field 
3+ years of experience in delivering products 
2+ years of experience with CA Agile Central (Rally) or similar Agile Tools. 
2+ years of experience in delivering Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML), or delivering Analytics software products using iterative approaches 
 
Our preferred qualifications: 
Masters degree 
3+ years of demonstrable experience leading teams as a Product Manager, understand the customer, deliver complex products/solutions 
3+ years of experience in design or software development, and exposure to Test-Driven Development or Paired Programming. 
2+ years of experience with Lean methodology 
1+ years of experience defining and prioritizing product features with software engineers. 
Strong understanding of ML lifecycle, with focus on Feature Store principles and techniques, Model building and Model deployment tools.
 Familiarity with Google Cloud's AI platform and associated products & services.
 Solid understanding of UX design, and design thinking principles. 
Strong understanding of Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm design, and complexity analysis. 
Experience working in automotive related projects. 
Ability to work collaboratively with others and navigate complex decision making. 
Ability to collaborate well with data scientists, engineers, designers, and Business Partners. 
Strong desire to learn new skills and apply to solve business problems/opportunities. 
Motivated to drive tasks to completion and take ownership of projects. 
Excellent communication skills. 
 
What you’ll receive in return: 
As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. 
 
If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us. 
 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is available for this position. 
 
By choice, we are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. 
 
For information on Ford’s benefits and compensation, click here: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-1.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 49859BR 
 State 
 Michigan
 Skill Team 
 Global Data, Insights & Analytics (GDIA)
 Sub-Component 
 GDI&A Ford Motor Company 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machining Manager jobs in Dearborn, MI Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Dearborn, MI Machining Manager salaries in Dearborn, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
