
 
 
 
 Senior Corporate Counsel - San Mateo, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Corporate Counsel Altran 653 reviews San Mateo, CA Full-time Altran 653 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Capgemini Engineering combines, under one brand, a unique set of strengths from across the Capgemini Group: the world leading engineering and R&D services of Altran – acquired by Capgemini in 2020 - and Capgemini's digital manufacturing expertise. With broad industry knowledge and cutting-edge technologies in digital and software, Capgemini Engineering supports the convergence of the physical and digital worlds. Combined with the capabilities of the rest of the Group, it helps clients to accelerate their journey towards Intelligent Industry. Capgemini Engineering has more than 52,000 engineer and scientist team members in over 30 countries across sectors including aeronautics, automotive, railways, communications, energy, life sciences, semiconductors, software & internet, space & defence, and consumer products.
 
 
Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 270,000 team members in nearly 50 countries. With its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2020 global revenues of €16 billion.
 
 
Get the Future You Want | www.capgemini.com
 Our offer 
 Altran Americas is seeking an experienced corporate counsel to manage commercial transactions and a variety of other corporate matters. The ideal candidate will have 5-10 plus years of relevant legal experience with a strong background in contract drafting and negotiation. This position is open to candidates in the San Mateo, CA, New York City, or Boston area(s) and reports to Altran North America’s Deputy General Counsel. 
 Altran Innovative Product Development (IPD) consists of around 150 US-based engineers working in small teams to develop a variety of complex systems in partnership with our clients. 
 
 Altran IPD focuses on the critical challenge of bringing products from concept to production-ready release, balancing speed and agility in delivery with an emphasis on creating reliable, supportable and extensible designs. Our engineers are not distracted by the ongoing and unpredictable demands of supporting existing products and instead are able to maintain a focus on driving the new development efforts. Thus, our teams move at a very rapid pace, delivering exciting results for our clients and maximizing the learning opportunities for our employees. 
 
 Altran provides a full complement of technology consulting, software and product development services to clients ranging from established startups to Fortune 500 companies, in industries such as medical devices, healthcare information systems, industrial automation, autonomous vehicles and capital equipment. 
 
 At Altran you will face a steady stream of new client challenges and work with a variety of talented coworkers, as you keep pace with the technological trends driving each generation of new products.
 For more information, visit www.altran.com/us/en/
 Your role 
 Draft, negotiate, and review a broad range of commercial agreements including master services agreements, software licenses (inbound and outbound), vendor agreements, and partnership agreements. 
 Advise business and cross-functional stakeholders in client management, human resources, operations, facilities, and finance on legal issues, compliance matters and applicable legal terms and negotiation strategies. 
 Be a key contributor to our legal team’s efforts in preparation and implementation of our legal processes, policies, templates, and practices, and related trainings, including but not limited to anti-corruption, data privacy, and intellectual property. 
 Support the legal department in other areas as needed. 
 Consult with and manage outside counsel on litigation matters or external projects. 
 Your profile 
 5-10 years of relevant legal experience, ideally with a combination of law firm training and at least one in-house role at a technology company. 
 Demonstrated experience with commercial contract drafting and negotiating with multi-national companies, especially in an in-house environment. Candidate must have strong familiarity with drafting and negotiating intellectual property, warranty, indemnity and liability clauses. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills with meticulous attention to detail. 
 Demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects, work in a fast-paced environment and to effectively communicate legal issues and policies to senior management. 
 High degree of independence, initiative and decisiveness. 
 Great business and practical legal judgment. 
 JD and/or LLM with a license to practice law. Altran 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Corporate Counsel jobs in San Mateo, CA Jobs at Altran in San Mateo, CA Senior Corporate Counsel salaries in San Mateo, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Altran Altran 653 reviews Capgemini Engineering combines, under one brand, a unique set of strengths from across the Capgemini Group: the world leading engineering... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
