
 
 
 
 Research Scientist Artificial Intelligence - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist Artificial Intelligence IBM 30,891 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 12 days ago IBM 30,891 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
We’re looking for a Research Scientist to join our AI Interaction team in Cambridge located at Kendall Square – one of the hottest technology hubs in the world. The mission of the IBM Research AI Interaction team is to leverage artificial intelligence to build intelligent interactive systems and visual experiences that help us study and understand Human-AI interaction including the automation of human workflows and processes through AI. We are exploring models and experiences that are explainable, trustable and learn from user interactions with the goal of informing the future design and construction of intelligent systems, tools, and platforms. These systems are designed to create new partnerships between people and machines to augment and scale human expertise in every industry, from healthcare to financial services to education.
 
 
In your role as a Research Scientists, you will lead and define research agendas and communicate results to both internal executive audiences and the academic community. Your proactive and collaborative approach to creative problem solving will be essential to the success of our team and the company. Our ambitious AI research agenda is both broad and deep, with leading edge projects in many areas such as conversational systems, AI-infused process automation, data visualization, trusted or automated AI. We want to bring out the best in you and expect you to do the same to us. 
 
We are specifically interested in scientists with experience in areas including multi-agent systems and conversational assistants, Natural Language processing, AI planning and sequential decision making, Business Process Automation and Robotic Process Automation. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Expertise and experience in programming in one or more of these languages: Python, Java, Javascript, C++ 
Advanced skill level in solving analytical problems using rigorous and quantitative approaches 
Advanced skill level in creating and applying AI techniques specific to traditional machine learning and natural language processing 
Experience communicating your research in technical communities, such as publications in NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, IJCAI, ACL, AAAI, KDD, or similar 
 
 
 
 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Advanced skill level with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks including but not limited to PyTorch, Tensorflow, scikit-learn etc. 
Experience analyzing large scale data from a variety of sources 
Design, validation, and characterization of algorithms and/or systems 
Contributions to open source projects 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at IBM in Cambridge, MA Research Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,891 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
