
 
 
 
 Cyber Artificial Intelligence (AI) SME - Huntsville, AL 35806 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cyber Artificial Intelligence (AI) SME Quantum Research International, Inc. 11 reviews Huntsville, AL 35806 Full-time Quantum Research International, Inc. 11 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview: 
Quantum Research International, Inc. (Quantum) provides our national defense and federal civilian and industry customers with services and products in the following main areas: 1) Cybersecurity and Information Operations; 2) Space Operations and Control; 3) Aviation Systems; 4) Ground, Air and Missile Defense, and Fires Support Systems; 5) Intelligence Programs Support; 6) Experimentation and Test; 7) Program Management; and (8) Audio/Visual Technology Applications. Quantum's Corporate Office is located in Huntsville, AL, but Quantum actively hires for positions nationwide and internationally. We pride ourselves on providing high quality support to the U.S. Government and our Nation's Warfighters. In addition to our corporate office, we have physical locations in Aberdeen, MD; Colorado Springs, CO; Shalimar, FL; and Tupelo, MS 
Mission: 
Quantum is seeking highly qualified Cyber Artificial Intelligence (AI) SME to provide support to the National  Cyber Security Operations Center.  In this role, you will help define AI and behavioral and predictive analytics strategy at the organization and project level and provide technical thought leadership and guidance for development efforts bringing advanced AI technologies to bear in the cyber domain. The candidate must be able to formulate and defend AI strategy informed by knowledge of the technical state-of-the-art within the challenges of the cyber operations domain. Ideal candidate will perform data-driven research and problem solving through the systematic application of mathematics, statistics and computer science as well as cutting edge data technologies. Results of this work manifest themselves in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications, web applications, predictive algorithms, and APIs. 
Responsibilities: 
Visionary with a broad knowledge of Artificial Intelligence and behavioral/predictive analysis with hands-on experience 
Ability to develop and articulate AI strategy and assume a leadership role at the organization and project level in the Cyber environment 
Lead projects and research initiatives and develop roadmaps for projects and services, data, and technology 
Design and analyze Cyber AI experiments 
Collect, validate, model, and analyze data from disparate data sources. 
Create info-graphics and visualizations for inclusion in Cybersecurity briefings and presentations. 
Collaborate with key stakeholders to gather reporting requirements. 
Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems 
Understand algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications 
Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations 
Other duties as assigned for this discipline 
Requirements: 
Bachelor's degree (Master's degree a plus) in Operations Research, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Analytics, Data Science, or a related field; Four (4) years of experience with data-oriented tasks for cybersecurity operations in an AI role, preferably in high-volume data environment. 
2+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems, developing probabilistic models, and machine learning algorithms 
Hands-on experience with AI in cloud environments a plus 
Application of AI techniques to cyber challenges 
Exceptional problem-solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies 
Ability to leverage a wide variety of data science capabilities and languages, analyze and resolve critical data issues using various methodologies, and ensure data integrity. 
Experience with developing and engineering data workflows to merge disparate data sources and draw data-driven insights. 
Experience in working with SIEM technologies. 
Experience with working in Windows and Linux OS environments. 
Ability to take poorly defined problems and convert them into questions for which practical quantitative solutions can be defined; must be detail-oriented and organized. 
Outstanding communication skills (publication history a plus) 
Experience developing documentation and explaining technical details in a concise, understandable manner. 
Ability to travel up to 10% 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action Employer M/F/D/V: 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other characteristic protected by law. *Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Quantum Research International, Inc. 10 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Quantum Research International in Huntsville, AL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Quantum Research International, Inc. 11 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
