
 
 
 
 Molecular Plant Biologist - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Molecular Plant Biologist Loon 3 reviews Mountain View, CA Part-time Loon 3 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description X is Alphabet’s moonshot factory. We are a diverse group of inventors and entrepreneurs who build and launch technologies that aim to improve the lives of millions, even billions, of people. Our goal: 10x impact on the world’s most intractable problems, not just 10% improvement. We approach projects that have the aspiration and riskiness of research with the speed and ambition of a startup. 
About the Role 
We are looking for someone to support a number of efforts we have with respect to molecular plant biology. This will initially consist of serving as a program manager for some externally funded projects, building new external experimental project capacity, and being a source plant molecular biology expertise, experimental design, logistics and execution. 
The role will later transition to include building molecular plant biology experimental capacity in-house, and eventually leading a small team of experimental plant biologists. 
To repeat - this role will require someone who is interested and content managing outside projects for the near-term future, but also has the capability and interest in building an experimental capacity in a few years. 
You will be part of a small team on an early stage project and should be willing to roll up your sleeves and get things done while having a high tolerance for ambiguity. There is no task that is either below or above you. You should be self-directed and comfortable operating with minimal oversight. This is an exciting opportunity to build innovative technology from the ground up to fundamentally impact agriculture. 
How you will make 10x impact: 
Lead the scoping, definition, and management of new external, laboratory-based, plant biology projects. 
Serve as the project manager for three existing external, laboratory-based, plant biology projects. 
Manage the planning of automation efforts for plant biology experiments. 
In 1-2 years: design and set up internal experimental capabilities in our offices in Mountain View, CA. 
Contribute general plant biology expertise to the team. 
Think outside of the box to propose creative, scalable and economical solutions for experimental systems. 
What you should have: 
MS in Plant Biology or Plant Genetics and 5+ years industrial experience, or equivalent. 
Experience in project and program management. Including managing budgets, timelines, milestones, contractors, and part-time employees. 
The ability to build and manage an experimental plant biology team and infrastructure. Capabilities will include DNA/RNA/Protein/Metabolite sample preparation from plant tissues, and related omics analytics; bacterial and plant transformations, tissue culture, plant growth, guide RNA design, in vitro (e.g. protoplast) assays, and vector construction including golden-gate cloning. 
Deep, hands-on, experimental experience in all the techniques listed above. 
A subject matter expert in plant synthetic biology, including the ability to stay up-to-date on the latest developments in the literature and industry. 
Interest in automation and mechanical engineering. 
Experience in plant tissue sampling and data collection for both field and controlled environments. 
As coronavirus restrictions ease, the ability to travel as per the following. All travel is US domestic: 
For the new external, laboratory-based project - up to one week, four times per year. 
For the three existing external, laboratory-based projects - up to three days per project, four times per year. 
Ability to work and thrive in a startup-like environment, e.g. comfortable with ambiguity/shifting priorities, ability to work under stressful conditions or tight timelines for limited periods, scrappiness. A voracious and fast learner. 
Ability to relocate to the San Francisco Bay Area by January, 2022. 
It’d be great if you also had these: 
PhD in Biology with 5+ years industrial experience, or equivalent. 
Experience in mechanical engineering and automation, preferably in life sciences, preferably in plant biology. 
Experience with genetic screening and diversity evaluation. 
Interest in machine learning and artificial intelligence. 
Expertise in program management, including Agile methodologies. 
Proficiency or fluency in Spanish. 
At X, we don't just accept difference - we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. 
If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at: x-accommodation-request@x.team. Loon 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Biologist jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Loon in Mountain View, CA Biologist salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Loon 3 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
