
 
 
 
 Associate Data Engineer - Minneapolis, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Data Engineer Delta 4,192 reviews Minneapolis, MN Delta 4,192 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. United States, Minnesota, Minneapolis
 Information Technology
 06-Aug-2021
 Ref #:  8645
 LinkedIn Tag:  #LI-Cb2 How you'll help us Keep Climbing (overview & key responsibilities) Delta Air Lines Information Technology is seeking an Associate Data Engineer to support critical technology applications, systems and integrations. The Associate Data Engineer will be responsible to analyze requirements, document technical solution, develop and engineer applications used by Delta employees or customers. This position requires working closely with agile teams.
 YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES IN THIS ROLE Understand, document technical requirements. Become and remain knowledgeable on key business processes and systems and how they operate/integrate. Leverage emerging technologies to facilitate business solutions. Work with business analysts to fix software bugs and escalate issues. Develop and support user acceptance Criteria. Own the quality of the product delivered by engaging closely in QA activities. Create visual models (flowcharts, class and activity diagrams, sequence diagrams). Provide interfaces to systems built on different technologies. Participate in regular project status reviews. What you need to succeed (minimum qualifications)
 High School Diploma, GED or High School Equivalency. Consistently makes safety and security, of self and others, the priority. Embraces diverse people, thinking and styles. 0-2 years of experience, training or education in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning or Information Systems. Relevant Technologies include, but are not limited to: Python, Java, R, Scala, SAS, SQL/NoSQL databases. Highly motivated self-starter Must have good analytical skills, verbal and written communication skills. An understanding of different software development life cycles including Agile is required. Must have the ability to work well with others in a time sensitive and team environment with minimal supervision, be results oriented and capable of meeting deadlines with attention to detail and follow through. Ability to work independently and in a collaborative setting. Where permitted by applicable law, must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered for U.S.-based job, if not currently employed by Delta Air Lines, Inc. What will give you a competitive edge (preferred qualifications)
 B.S or M.S in Information Systems and/or Computer Science is highly preferred. Experience deploying or migrating applications to AWS and managing infrastructures based on Docker, Kubernetes, or OpenStack is preferred. Knowledge of Machine Learning is preferred. Experience with DevOps: Git, Jenkins and/or Ansible is preferred. Candidate must be highly motivated, and keen to work in a fast-paced organization with a passion for working on new technologies. < Go back Delta Airlines 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Minneapolis, MN Jobs at Delta in Minneapolis, MN Data Engineer salaries in Minneapolis, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Delta Delta 4,192 reviews We’ve been connecting people since our first passenger flight in 1929. Since then, we’ve been steadily climbing toward our goal of being ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
