
 
 
 
 Senior Compiler Engineer - Deep Learning - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Compiler Engineer - Deep Learning NVIDIA 237 reviews Santa Clara, CA NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are now looking for a Deep Learning Compiler Engineer:
 NVIDIA is hiring software engineers for its Deep Learning Compiler team. Academic and commercial groups around the world are using GPUs to power a revolution in deep learning, enabling breakthroughs in problems from image classification to speech recognition to natural language processing and artificial intelligence. Join the team which is building software which will be used by the entire deep learning community.
 What you'll be doing:
 In this role, you will be responsible for analyzing deep learning networks and developing compiler optimization algorithms. You’ll collaborate with members of the deep learning software framework teams and the hardware architecture teams to accelerate the next generation of deep learning software. The scope of these efforts includes defining public APIs, performance tuning and analysis, crafting and implementing compiler and optimization techniques for neural networks, and other general software engineering work.
 What we need to see:
 Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D. or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field.
 8 - 12 years of relevant work or research experience in performance analysis and compiler optimizations.
 Ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort.
 Excellent C/C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.
 Knowledge of CPU and/or GPU architecture. CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required.
 Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: XLA, TVM, MLIR, LLVM, deep learning models and algorithms, and deep learning framework design.
 Strong interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product-oriented team. A history of mentoring junior engineers and interns is a bonus.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 You worked in Deep Learning and Compilers in the past.
 With highly competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package, NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology industry's most desirable employers. We have some of the most brilliant and hardworking people in the world working with us and our product lines are growing fast in some of the hottest state of the art fields such as Virtual Reality, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning and Autonomous Vehicles.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
