
 
 
 
 Head of Discovery Biology - Cambridge, MA 02142 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Discovery Biology Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Cambridge, MA 02142 Company Summary: 
 
Empress Therapeutics is an early stage biotechnology company pioneering Co-Evolved MoleculesTM, a repertoire of human-experienced chemistries that represent a privileged source of drugs, elite starting points for drugs, and new molecular insights into health and disease. 
 
The Empression product platform uses artificial intelligence and principles from co-evolution and pharmacology to harness patient data and uncover novel disease insights and drug candidates. Our mission is to turn Co-Evolved MoleculesTM into products that can diagnose, prevent, and treat a wide range of serious diseases. 
 
Empress Therapeutics, Inc. was founded in Flagship's venture creation engine, where companies such as Moderna Therapeutics (NASDAQ: MRNA), Rubius Therapeutics (NASDAQ: RUBY), and Editas Medicines (NASDAQ: EDIT) were conceived and created. Since Flagship's founding in 2000, the firm has originated and fostered the development of more than 100 scientific ventures, resulting in over $34 billion in aggregate value, 500+ issued patents, and more than 50 clinical trials for novel therapeutic agents. 
 
Position Summary: 
 
Empress Therapeutics, Inc. is seeking an experienced, innovative Head of Discovery Biology to build and lead a growing team responsible for discovering biological function of Co-Evolved MoleculesTM, from high throughput multi'omics, translational cell-based assays to MoA & target identification, and in vivo studies. The ideal candidate will have strong expertise in high throughput biology such as transcriptomics, systems biology, RNAi, CRISPR-cas9 KO, and experience in discovery of multiple small molecule drugs across a broad range of target classes. The candidate will be responsible for developing R&D strategy and discovery experiment plans, with a goal of building out an industry-leading platform to deconvolute biological function, interrogate mechanism of actions, and identify targets of Co-Evolved MoleculesTM. The candidate will bring a strong entrepreneurial orientation along with highly developed leadership skills. 
 
Key Responsibilities:
 Build and lead a cutting-edge high throughput biology discovery group, driving massively parallel target ID and MoA 
 Expand the company's external network of advisors and establish deep domain area expertise in early program areas such as immunology, oncology, metabolism and neurology. 
 Collaborate closely with the computational discovery group and the drug discovery group to drive a large pipeline of hits to multiple development candidates. 
 Set goals and milestones, communicate scientific findings effectively to potential collaborators or investors. 
 Build and lead a strong team of Directors, Scientists, and RAs to achieve company milestones. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Track record of small molecule drug discovery, from hit identification to IND filings. 
 Track record of target discovery and validation, across therapeutic areas and target classes; experience working in completely novel biology a plus. 
 Therapeutic expertise in immunology, oncology, metabolic disorders or neurobiology. 
 Self-driven and demonstrated ability in working with a diverse team in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial setting. 
 
 Flagship Pioneering and our ecosystem companies are  committed to equal employment opportunity  regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. 
 
 Recruitment & Staffing Agencies : Flagship Pioneering and its affiliated Flagship Lab companies (collectively, "FSP") do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to FSP or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Flagship Pioneering's internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of FSP, and FSP will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto. Flagship Pioneering, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Flagship Pioneering in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Flagship Pioneering, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
