
 
 
 
 Talent Sourcer - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Talent Sourcer Teladoc Health 157 reviews New York State Remote Teladoc Health 157 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company The Opportunity 
 
Teladoc Health is transforming how people access and experience healthcare. Recognized as the world leader in virtual care, we are partnering with over a thousand clients to serve hundreds of thousands (soon millions!) of people living with chronic conditions every day. Teladoc Health offers a whole person virtual care platform that empowers all people everywhere to live their healthiest lives by transforming the healthcare experience, from acute and primary care to chronic care, mental health, and specialty care. Our team of data scientists aggregate and interpret substantial amounts of health data and information to create actionable, personalized, and timely health signals for our members. This approach delivers better clinical and financial outcomes while creating a different and better healthcare experience for people everywhere. 
 
Teladoc Health's growth trajectory is shooting beyond the solar system. We're ready to attack recruiting and talent acquisition with all our technology guns blazing. We need some help – someone who knows how to explore online for new, progressive candidate sourcing techniques. The job will be part analyst, part researcher, 100% go-getter. 
 
The competition is stiff for companies looking to bring on top talent and technology gurus. In your role as our Talent Sourcer, you don't have to close on these job candidates, you just need to know where to find them for us. You do need to understand their jobs to the degree that you can tell the difference between a good candidate and a mediocre one. This isn't a job for keyword searches. This is a job that takes ingenuity and creative digital digging. 
 
In this role you won't be a small cog in an enormous machine. Your work will have real impact – impact on your team's success, as well as impact on the millions of people that Teladoc Health's innovative digital healthcare platform can help. This is an amazing growth opportunity for you, as well as the chance to be part of a truly fun and amazing mission. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Uncover and explore new methods and channels for identifying top talent 
 Leverage tools such as AI, algorithms, predictive analytics, and a variety of recruitment automation platforms to support and enhance our recruitment efforts 
 Dig for treasure in online databases, corporate websites, social channels, etc. 
 Analyze stats and metrics to determine the areas of richest opportunity, worth further pursuit and development 
 Find and provide market data 
 Evaluate candidate qualifications on an insightful level, beyond keywords 
 Assess the marketplace to improve Teladoc Health's understanding of what truly motivates top talent 
 Devise creative ways to catch candidates' attention 
 Advise management on strengths and weaknesses and improvement opportunities for our recruiting process 
 Reach out to talented candidates through email templates that we provide 
 Provide status reporting on active searches 
 Candidate Profile 
 4-7 years' experience in job candidate sourcing 
 Deep familiarity and finesse with a wide variety of digital platforms and online tools 
 Technically savvy, with an understanding of today's technology trends and needs 
 Market research experience 
 Data analytics experience 
 An innovative approach to solving problems 
 A hunger for teamwork in support of the company mission 
 Resourcefulness and flashes of brilliance 
 Why Join Teladoc Health? 
 
A New Category in Healthcare : Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives. 
 
Our Work Truly Matters:  Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person's health journey. 
 
Make an Impact:  In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals. 
 
Focus on PEOPLE : Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment. 
 
Diversity and Inclusion : At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position. 
 
Growth and Innovation : We've already made healthcare yet remain on the threshold of very big things. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members. 
 
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy (including breastfeeding – we have a mother's room in both our offices). In our innovative and inclusive workplace, we prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind. Teladoc Health 3 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Recruitment Resourcer jobs in New York State Jobs at Teladoc Health in New York State Recruitment Resourcer salaries in New York State Company Info Follow Get job updates from Teladoc Health Teladoc Health 157 reviews Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives. Recognized as the worl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
