
 
 
 
 AI Machine Learning Engineering Asc - Entry Level - King of Prussia, PA 19406 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Machine Learning Engineering Asc - Entry Level LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,674 reviews King of Prussia, PA 19406 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,674 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Define and develop. Code and test. Integrate and sustain. Whatever it is you like most about the software life cycle, we are working on it every day. We are seeking talented software engineers to join our Artificial Intelligence team to help develop many best-in-class products and solutions in our Rotary & Mission Systems business area in. Click to learn more about RMS.
 
 
What You'll Do: 
 
AI & Machine Learning Engineer working on a portfolio / pipeline of projects to deploy AI / ML algorithms in a relevant mission environment & business context. 
 
Responsible for developing, integrating, and deploying autonomy and artificial intelligence algorithms for mission systems, supporting the technology development life cycle from requirements generation through development, integration, and testing, as well as research in some organizations. Develops, integrates, and implements algorithms to enable perception, motion/mission planning, controls, etc. functionality in LM products and platforms; Translates requirements and applies requirements to development code, integrating autonomy, AI or machine learning algorithms to LM products and platforms; Determines software methods to best acquire and execute knowledge; Implements algorithms into software to train systems to recognize patterns and perform specific functions; Responsible for various phases of developing and maintaining autonomy software from requirements generation, software design and development to integration, testing, troubleshooting and debugging, and implementation; Review test outcomes, conducts troubleshooting, and works to debug issues; Develops human-machine interface scenarios, breaking missions into tasks; Documents interface requirements and implements human-machine interfaces 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Bachelor's or Master's Degree is Software Engineering. 
 
AI / ML expertise 
 
SW development & DevSecOps Integration & Test experience 
 
Experience with Python, GO, SQL, C#/C/C++ or Java, Simulation or Logistics 
 Desired Skills: 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 
Ability to work in a collaborative and team-based environment 
 
Proficient with Microsoft Office 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
4 yr and up College Lockheed Martin Corporation 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in King of Prussia, PA Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in King of Prussia, PA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in King of Prussia, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,674 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
