
 
 
 
 Sr. Machine Learning Engineer - San Jose, CA 95138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Machine Learning Engineer Velodyne 10 reviews San Jose, CA 95138 Velodyne 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Velodyne Lidar provides smart, powerful lidar solutions for autonomy and driver assistance. Headquartered in San Jose, CA, Velodyne is known worldwide for its portfolio of breakthrough lidar sensor technologies. Our lidar technology has revolutionized perception and autonomy for automotive, new mobility, mapping, robotics, and security applications. 
 
Velodyne Lidar is seeking a Sr. Machine Learning Engineer for Velodyne Software. The candidate in this role will be responsible for building & deploying highly optimized and efficient Deep-Learning based Lidar perception models on edge devices. This role will require in-depth knowledge of different machine learning frameworks and hands-on experience in training large scale machine learning models. Furthermore, you will be challenged to develop new paradigms for training, optimizing and deployment of Deep Leaning models for 4-d data. 
 
Specific Job Requirements: 
 
 Design, train and deploy Deep-Learning models for Velodyne's latest Lidar sensor to enable different perception tasks. 
 Formulate requirements and QA criteria for training data leveraging available datasets, simulations, data-augmentation and manually labeled data. 
 Lead the effort to streamline the backend pipeline for development, data preparation, hyper-parameter training, and deployment for production. 
 Investigate, optimize and architect the system requirements for different edge compute devices. 
 Mentor and collaborate with engineers across the organization 
 
 Minimum Education and Experience Requirements: 
 
 Minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree; or 3 years and a Master's degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent work experience. 
 Bachelor Degree/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics or equivalent engineering field with a focus on machine learning, robotics, computer vision and similar fields, or equivalent experience 
 
 Preferred  Education and Experience Requirements: 
 
 3+ years of experience in industry in the area of computer vision machine learning preferably working with camera, lidar and radar data. 
 Fluency in machine learning libraries and frameworks such as PyTorch and Tensorflow and familiarity with ML-Ops frameworks such as MLFlow. 
 Hands-on experience in training large models using distributed computed, GPGPU programming and experience with different edge devices. 
 Passionate about solving hard problems in Artificial Intelligence for robotics and autonomous navigation. 
 Solid programming experience in Python, C++ and bash on Linux OS families 
 Excellent communication and teamwork skills 
 
 #LI-PBVLDR 
 
Note to all recruitment agencies: Velodyne Lidar does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our career page or any Velodyne employees. Velodyne is not responsible for any fees related to any unsolicited resumes. Velodyne 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Velodyne in San Jose, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Velodyne 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
