
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Foster City, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Visa 1,002 reviews Foster City, CA Full-time Visa 1,002 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
As the world's leader in digital payments technology, Visa's mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secure payment network - enabling individuals, businesses, and economies to thrive. Our advanced global processing network, VisaNet, provides secure and reliable payments around the world, and is capable of handling more than 65,000 transaction messages a second. The company's dedication to innovation drives the rapid growth of connected commerce on any device, and fuels the dream of a cashless future for everyone, everywhere. As the world moves from analog to digital, Visa is applying our brand, products, people, network and scale to reshape the future of commerce. 
At Visa, your individuality fits right in. Working here gives you an opportunity to impact the world, invest in your career growth, and be part of an inclusive and diverse workplace. We are a global team of disruptors, trailblazers, innovators and risk-takers who are helping drive economic growth in even the most remote parts of the world, creatively moving the industry forward, and doing meaningful work that brings financial literacy and digital commerce to millions of unbanked and underserved consumers. 
You're  an Individual.  We're  the team for you.  Together , let's transform the way the world pays. 
 
 Job Description 
Payments has become a very active/hot area in the last couple of years, creating a strong demand for innovation. This will be a very exciting area in the next 5 to 10 years. Not only is VISA a leader in the payment industry and has been for a long time, but it is also quickly transitioning into a technology company that is fostering an environment for applying the latest technology to solve exciting problems in this area. For a payment system to work well, the risk techniques, performance, and scalability are critical. These techniques and systems can benefit from big data, data mining, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cloud computing, & many other advance technologies and in VISA, we have all of these. If you want to be in the exciting payment space, learn fast, and make big impacts, Payment Systems Risk team @ VISA is an ideal place for you! 
This position is for a Data Scientist who will focus on solving business problems using data and machine learning techniques. In this position, you are first a passionate and talented individual who can work in a dynamic environment as a member of Agile Scrum teams. Your strong technical leadership, problem-solving abilities, coding, testing, and debugging skills is just a start. 
Essential Functions 
Execute model implementation and performance tracking for risk models 
Compile complex predictive model packages for production deployment; support model installations, and monitor and calibrate production models 
Propel analytic product development via conducting statistical analyses on various data sources; and add values to products by being innovative and applying the analysis 
Assist in scoping and designing financial and analytic metrics to measure development and production outcomes and produce performance reports 
Find opportunities to create and automate repeatable analyses or build self-service tools for business users 
Conduct transaction data analyses with Hadoop/Cloud and big data technologies for internal and external product owners, and develop deeper insights into the products using advanced statistical methods 
Work on cross functional teams and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders 
Promote big data innovations and analytic education throughout the Visa organization 
 
 Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications 
2 years of work experience with a Bachelor's Degree or at least 0 years of work experience with an Advanced degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD) 
Preferred Qualifications 
Minimum of 1 year of experience in developing statistical predictive models 
Real world experience using Hadoop and the related query engines (Hive/SparkSQL) 
High level of competence in Python, Spark and Unix/Linux scripts 
Experience with SAS/SQL/Hive for extracting and aggregating data 
Ability to program in one or more scripting languages such as Perl or Python and one or more programming languages such as Java or Scala 
Experience with one or more common statistical tools such SAS, R, KNIME, MATLAB 
Proficiency in designing & solving classification/prediction problems using open source libraries such as Scikit learn 
Proficiency in data manipulation using Python tools such as Pandas, NumPy etc. 
Deep learning experience with TensorFlow is a plus 
Experience with data visualization and business intelligence tools like Tableau is a plus 
Additional Information 
Work Hours:  Varies upon the needs of the department 
 Travel Requirements:  This position requires travel 5-10% of the time. 
 Mental/Physical Requirements:  This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers. 
 Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law. 
 Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of Article 49 of the San Francisco Police Code. Visa 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Foster City, CA Jobs at Visa in Foster City, CA Data Scientist salaries in Foster City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Visa Visa 1,002 reviews As the world's leader in digital payments technology, Visa's mission is to connect the world through the most creative, reliable and secu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
