
 
 
 
 Post Doc - Autonomous Systems/Artificial Intelligence - Syracuse, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doc - Autonomous Systems/Artificial Intelligence Syracuse University 554 reviews Syracuse, NY Full-time Syracuse University 554 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job #   075612 
 
 Job Title   Post Doc - Autonomous Systems/Artificial Intelligence 
 
 Location   Syracuse NY 
 
 Pay Range   Commensurate with Experience 
 
 FLSA Status   Exempt 
 
 Hours 
 As determined by supervisor 
 
 Job Type   Full-time 
 
 Rank   Post Doc 
 
 Campus   Syracuse, NY 
 
 Unionized Position Code   Not Applicable 
 
 Job Description 
 Syracuse University’s Autonomous Systems Policy Institute invites applications for a postdoctoral associate in the interdisciplinary study of autonomous systems and/or artificial intelligence (AI). The postdoc will work with Dr. Jamie Winders and other faculty on research related to the policy needs or societal impacts of emerging technologies associated with autonomous systems and/or AI. We are particularly interested in candidates who connect their research to one or more of the following themes: technology policy & regulation; transportation policy; infrastructure; privacy & surveillance; healthcare; international security & law; environmental impacts & applications of emerging technologies; the future of work & workers; impacts on marginalized communities; society & technology; and urban/regional planning. This position will offer exceptional opportunities to collaborate with scholars in the social sciences, natural sciences, and humanities and with new faculty hired as part of a cluster hire initiative in autonomous systems, AI, and the human-technology frontier. At least 25% of the scholar’s time will be reserved for the individual’s own research. The initial term of appointment is one year, starting in August 2022, but reappointment for a second year is expected, subject to good performance. 
 
 Qualifications 
 a. Applicants must have a Ph.D. in one of the social sciences, public policy, or a related field at the start date and must be in residence for the duration of the position 
b. Strong collaboration skills 
c. Strong writing skills. 
d. Organization and communication skills, willing to work as part of a team of researchers. 
 
 Job Specific Qualifications 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Under the direction of the faculty mentor, collaborate on research that theoretically and methodologically advances approaches for the interdisciplinary study of autonomous systems and artificial intelligence. Under the direction of the faculty mentor, collaborate on teaching that introduces students to and/or deepens their understandings of the interdisciplinary study of autonomous systems and artificial intelligence. With the supervision of a faculty mentor, work on publishing from the dissertation and developing new lines of inquiry. Coauthor peer-reviewed publications and present research at conferences. 
 
#HEJ
 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 
 Tools/Equipment 
 
 Application Instructions 
 Please attach a curriculum vitae, cover letter, a two-page research statement, and two representative papers in addition to completing an online application. Peer-reviewed publications are preferred. Dissertation chapters are also acceptable, as long as they are under 20 pages. 
 
 About Syracuse University 
 Syracuse University is a private, international research university with distinctive academics, diversely unique offerings and an undeniable spirit. Located in the geographic heart of New York State, with a global footprint, and nearly 150 years of history, Syracuse University offers a quintessential college experience. 
 
The scope of Syracuse University is a testament to its strengths: a pioneering history dating back to 1870; a choice of more than 200 majors and 100 minors offered through 13 schools and colleges; nearly 15,000 undergraduates and 5,000 graduate students; more than a quarter of a million alumni in 160 countries; and a student population from all 50 U.S. states and 123 countries. For more information, please visit www.syracuse.edu. 
 
 About the Syracuse area 
 Syracuse is a medium-sized city situated in the geographic center of New York State approximately 250 miles northwest of New York City. The metro-area population totals approximately 500,000. The area offers a low cost of living and provides many social, cultural, and recreational options, including parks, museums, festivals, professional regional theater, and premier shopping venues. Syracuse and Central New York present a wide range of seasonal recreation and attractions ranging from water skiing and snow skiing, hiking in the Adirondacks, touring the historic sites, visiting wineries along the Finger Lakes, and biking on trails along the Erie Canal. 
 
 EEOC 
 Syracuse University is an equal-opportunity, affirmative-action institution. The University prohibits discrimination and harassment based on race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, ethnicity, marital status, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law to the extent prohibited by law. This nondiscrimination policy covers admissions, employment, and access to and treatment in University programs, services, and activities. 
 
 Commitment to Supporting and Hiring Veterans 
 Syracuse University has a long history of engaging veterans and the military-connected community through its educational programs, community outreach, and employment programs. After World War II, Syracuse University welcomed more than 10,000 returning veterans to our campus, and those veterans literally transformed Syracuse University into the national research institution it is today. The University’s contemporary commitment to veterans builds on this historical legacy, and extends to both class-leading initiatives focused on making an SU degree accessible and affordable to the post-9/11 generation of veterans, and also programs designed to position Syracuse University as the employer of choice for military veterans, members of the Guard and Reserve, and military family members. 
 
 Commitment to a Diverse and Inclusive Campus Community 
 Syracuse University maintains an inclusive learning environment in which students, faculty, administrators, staff, curriculum, social activities, governance, and all other aspects of campus life reflect a diverse, multi-cultural, and international worldview. The University community recognizes and values the many similarities and differences among individuals and groups. At Syracuse, we are committed to preparing students to understand, live among, appreciate, and work in an inherently diverse country and world made up of people with different ethnic and racial backgrounds, military backgrounds, religious beliefs, socio-economic status, cultural traditions, abilities, sexual orientations and gender identities. To do so, we commit ourselves to promoting a community that celebrates and models the principles of diversity and inclusivity. 
 
 Quick Link   https://www.sujobopps.com/postings/86146 
 
 Job Posting Date   08/17/2021 
 
 Application Deadline 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Priority Consideration   11/01/2021 
 
 Job Category   Faculty 
 
 Message to Applicants Syracuse University 9 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Syracuse University in Syracuse, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Syracuse University Syracuse University 554 reviews Syracuse University, commonly referred to as Syracuse, 'Cuse, or SU, is a private research university located in Syracuse, New York. The ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
