
 
 
 
 Graduate Administrator - Princeton, NJ 08542 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graduate Administrator Princeton University 205 reviews Princeton, NJ 08542 Full-time Princeton University 205 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
This position administers the Department of Art and Archaeology's Graduate Program. The Graduate Administrator (GA) provides support to the Director of Graduate Studies, Graduate Placement Officer, faculty, and graduate students, acts as the primary contact person for all matters pertaining to graduate students in the department, manages all aspects of the graduate program in consultation with the Director of Graduate Studies (DGS), faculty Graduate Committee and Department Manager, and disseminates information to students and faculty as needed. 
The position is responsible for maintaining student records and organizing financial support for students (for Assistants in Instruction, fellowship awards, and hourly work), and preparing proper forms for the Graduate School. The GA oversees the administrative aspects of graduate admissions and readmissions (using the PeopleSoft graduate admissions program). During the admissions process, the GA assists with the recruitment process, including coordinating visits of admitted students; prepares and monitors files for admissions evaluations; and coordinates the process of faculty review of application materials. The GA works closely with the Graduate School on admissions, reenrollment, financial matters, and student support and maintains in-depth knowledge of Graduate School and departmental guidelines. 
 
The GA oversees the scheduling of graduate examinations (language, general examinations, dissertation proposal orals, and final public orals) and organizes and schedules graduate student events, academic as well as department-sponsored enrichment and social activities. The position also assists the Director of Graduate Studies and the Department Manager in collecting information and preparing reports, surveys, and analyses. The GA reviews and edits material on the department's web page related to the graduate program, including the Graduate Student Handbook, the Princeton University Application and Guide to Graduate Admission Bulletin, and the Graduate School's Fields of Study guide. 
The position requires a person who can work both autonomously and as a member of the department's small administrative team. The DGS will rely heavily on this post for daily support as well as technical, administrative and policy guidance. An advanced knowledge of word processing and spreadsheet programs is desirable. The Graduate Administrator must be able to act with a great deal of autonomy, answering inquiries both verbally and in writing. 
To be considered for this opportunity, a cover letter is required and can be submitted as an iForm in the application process. 
Responsibilities:
 
Recruitment/Admissions/Reenrollment: 
Recruitment: Responds to queries from prospective students. Utilizing the Graduate School's applications system, the GA shares materials with the faculty graduate committee to inform their decision making regarding admissions. 
Admissions: The GA coordinates the visits of admitted students, including meetings with the DGS, faculty and current graduate students. 
Reenrollment: Coordinates annual reenrollment process between the Graduate School and eligible students. Prepares readmissions report of enrolled graduate students for the DGS, faculty graduate committee and department manager, including compilation of academic progress and financial information. 
Graduate Milestones (language exams, general exams, dissertation proposal orals, and final public orals): 
The GA oversees the scheduling of graduate examinations (language, general examinations, dissertation proposal orals, and final public orals) and all communications and adherence to university and department policy related to these matters. The GA must convey accurate and succinct information to students and faculty about these processes which often requires multiple reminders to the relevant parties. 
Graduate Student Funding: 
Manages graduate program budget and financial reporting. 
Organizes requests for fellowship and DCE fees support from the department's students with external funding/fellowships and post-enrolled students (years 6 and beyond). 
Maintains detailed records of a student's financial support including banked Graduate School funding due to external fellowships. 
Disburses funding for post-generals research funding in SAFE. 
Creates job postings and hires graduate students for hourly work in JobX/TimeSheetX. 
Follows Graduate School policy regarding maximum number of hours a student may work. 
Course scheduling and teaching assignments: 
Utilizing a curriculum-planning spreadsheet maintained by the Department Manager, the GA follows the timeline and requirements of the University Registrar and Graduate School in scheduling graduate courses and advises faculty accordingly. 
The GA coordinates graduate student precepting in undergraduate courses, including synching those hours in the Labor Accounting system and ensuring that first-time preceptors are informed of and sign up for training. The GA must also be conversant in Grad. School policy regarding AI eligibility. 
On occasion, the GA coordinates local (NY/Philly) graduate seminar travel requiring train tickets or chartered bus/van transportation. 
Graduate Program Communications: 
Updating Graduate Handbook on the department's Drupal website to reflect changes, as requested by the DGS/Graduate Committee. 
Conveying important department and university deadlines and internal and external fellowship opportunities to current graduate students. 
Updating professional organizations, such as the College Art Association, with annual dissertation listings. 
Coordinating with the Department's SCAD on updated graduate student bios for the dept. website. 
Graduate Events: 
Organizes new graduate student department orientation and social event to welcome first-year graduate students. 
Provides administrative support to annual graduate student symposium. 
Assists graduate students with plans/communications related to graduate works-in-progress and department-sponsored graduate workshops, including professional development activities in consultation with the Graduate Placement Officer. 
Organizes department event on Commencement Day for PhD graduates and their families. 
Qualifications:
 
Essential: 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent 
3+ years work experience 
Problem-solving skills and effective engagement with public, faculty, staff, and students at all levels. 
Must be detail-oriented and responsive to deadlines. 
Must possess a demonstrated ability to gather, analyze, and present data; take positive approaches to tasks; work independently; take initiative, have the ability to prioritize tasks, and function effectively as part of a small and highly collaborative team. 
Demonstrated ability to use excellent judgment, maintain confidentiality and discreetly handle sensitive information. 
Proficiency in word processing, Outlook for email, and other university systems. 
Must exhibit respect and support for a diverse community. 
Preferred: 
Experience with Princeton Business systems, such as Prime, Concur, Labor Accounting, SAFE and Canvas. 
Prior University experience preferred, including knowledge of University policies and procedures. 
Experience with academic event planning (seminars, conferences, workshops). 
Proficiency with Drupal website templates. 
Princeton University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. EEO IS THE LAW
 Standard Weekly Hours: 36.25 Eligible for Overtime: No Benefits Eligible: Yes Probationary Period: 180 days Essential Services Personnel (see policy for detail): No Physical Capacity Exam Required: No Valid Driverâs License Required: No Experience Level: Entry Level : #LI-NC1 Princeton University 24 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrator jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Princeton University in Princeton, NJ Administrator salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Princeton University Princeton University 205 reviews Princeton University is a vibrant community of scholarship and learning that stands in the nation's service and the service of humanity. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
