
 
 
 
 AVP, Cyber Artificial Intelligence Expert - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AVP, Cyber Artificial Intelligence Expert Deloitte 10,220 reviews New York, NY Full-time Deloitte 10,220 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description AVP, Cyber Artificial Intelligence Expert 
 
Are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? If so, Deloitte & Touche LLP could be the place for you. At Deloitte, we are creating a world-class Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) Center of Excellence to enhance Deloitte's existing services and empower our clients to gain exponential value from their data. Our focus is on bringing data, analytics, and technology together with our deep expertise in multiple industries to drive new product development and significant automation/efficiencies. We are seeking to grow our team with brilliant and diverse contributors with technical ability. We are looking for AI/ML leaders with demonstrated success leading teams to develop and apply Deep Learning to impact a wide range of commercial and national security problems.
 
 
 Work you'll do 
 
You will be responsible for leading and directing teams focused on developing cutting-edge quantitative solutions for our commercial and national security Cyber client's most challenging problems. You will not only provide advanced technical leadership and research guidance, but will also provide direct supervision, mentorship, support, guidance, oversight, and recruitment of your team. Opportunities to assist clients will span from Cyber's Digital Identity, Infrastructure, Detect and Respond and beyond. This is an exciting role that will stretch your knowledge and curiosity, offering the opportunity to deepen your skills, learn new industries, and work within a global community.
 
 
 The Team 
 
This is a hands-on position where you will be empowered to be creative, ambitious, and bold; to solve novel problems and have the potential to directly impact the lives of people around the world. We have impressive toolkits and clients with world class data, and we are now looking for talented people to join our team. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future 
 A degree in Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Computational Biology, Computational Chemistry or related quantitative field (Masters or PhD preferred for Senior Manager direct hires) 
 Expert understanding of a programming language such as Python. 
 Experience with at least one Deep Learning framework such as PyTorch or TensorFlow/Keras 
 Demonstrated ability to write high-quality, production-ready code (readable, well-tested, with well-designed APIs) 
 Demonstrated ability to develop novel machine learning methods that go beyond putting together of existing code, and to apply problem-solving skills to complex issues 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Ability to work autonomously and collaboratively as part of a team to both teach and learn every day 
 Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning 
 
 Preferred 
 
PhD or Master's degree
 A domain specialization such as Cyber Security, Fraud/Waste/Abuse, or Data Management 
AI/ML publication in a peer-reviewed journal 
Proficiency in Linux environment (including shell scripting), experience with database languages (e.g., SQL, No-SQL) and experience with version control practices and tools (Git, Perforce, etc.) 
Familiarity with cloud computing services (AWS, GCP, or Azure) 
Large-scale deep learning model training #indeedpush Deloitte 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Vice President jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Deloitte in New York, NY Assistant Vice President salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,220 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
