
 
 
 
 Scientist - Pittsburgh, PA 15238 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist Cernostics, Inc Pittsburgh, PA 15238 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Cernostics is a leading AI tissue diagnostics company. We apply artificial intelligence and spatial biology to tissue diagnostics, delivering precision diagnostic testing to patients and physicians that improve clinical outcomes. Our first commercial assay, the TissueCypher Barrett’s Esophagus Assay, is the world’s first precision medicine test that predicts future development of esophageal cancer in patients with Barrett’s Esophagus (BE). 
Cernostics, Inc is seeking a  Scientist  at our laboratory in Pittsburgh, PA. The purpose of the Scientist position is to perform research and clinical duties related to tissue-based cancer diagnostic testing. The successful candidate will develop and validate precision medicine assays using Cernostics’ proprietary TissueCypher® computational pathology platform. The Scientist will perform multiplexed immunofluorescence slide labeling, digital slide imaging and image analysis, cell culture, and data management for both research and clinical testing, as well as work with clinical and academic collaborators on development and validation studies, supervise technical staff and perform other research and clinical duties as assigned. The position requires close collaboration with a dynamic, multidisciplinary group of scientists, bioinformaticians and engineers. The responsibility of this position is managing specialized work efficiently, with confidence, competence and discipline. The position requires above average attention to details, concern for the exact correctness of work, and strong commitment to tasks completed on time. A somewhat faster-than-average pace will be the norm for this position. Detailed, specialized work is the major focus. Recent PhD-graduates and experienced candidates are welcome to apply for this laboratory-based position. The candidate of choice will be hired into the level that is commensurate with their educational background and experience. 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Design and execute studies to develop and validate quantitative, multiplexed fluorescence assays, including image analysis elements. 
Conduct tests on patient samples using Cernostics proprietary tools and established protocols, including preparation of laboratory reagents, immunofluorescence labeling of tissue slides, digital slide imaging and image analysis. 
Cell culture 
Management of digital imaging and analysis data and patient metadata. 
Conduct routine analytic performance studies to support clinical laboratory operations. 
Supervise the work of technical staff. 
Other laboratory duties as assigned. 
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES: 
Ph.D. in the Life Sciences required. 
Experience with immunolabeling and fluorescence imaging required. 
Experience with multiplexed immunolabeling techniques, image analysis, and image processing software preferred. 
Specific experience in cancer biomarkers research preferred. 
Outstanding written and oral communication. 
Meticulous attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. 
Strong ability to work in a fast-paced, technical, team-oriented, standard operating procedure-driven environment. 
Cernostics is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, color, religion, national origin, age and disability (so long as such disability can be reasonably accommodated) or any other status protected by applicable law. Cernostics encourages all qualified applicants to apply. 
 YhEJEpXR0j Cernostics, Inc 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Pittsburgh, PA Jobs at Cernostics in Pittsburgh, PA Scientist salaries in Pittsburgh, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cernostics, Inc Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
