
 
 
 
 Distinguished Data Scientist - Ethical AI - Colorado Springs, CO 80919 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Distinguished Data Scientist - Ethical AI Verizon 29,100 reviews Colorado Springs, CO 80919 $111,000 - $207,000 a year  -   Full-time Verizon 29,100 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $111,000 - $207,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 In this technical lead role, you will use with AI expertise and experience with implementation of AI in commercial applications (500m dollar plus business applications) to serve as an expert in ethical AI, particularly including areas such as fairness and bias in datasets, models and products, explainable machine learning, and machine learning audit. 
You will work closely with data science and engineering teams and the entire data scientist community at Verizon in proactively researching, designing and implementing Verizon’s demonstrable AI fairness, accountability and transparency. You will also significantly influence the formation and implementation of Verizon’s ethical AI best practice to safeguard Verizon’s responsible AI innovations and applications. 
At Verizon, we are on a multi-year journey to industrialize our data science and AI capabilities. Very simply, this means that AI will fuel all decisions and business processes across the company. At 130B+ dollars in annual revenue, this is a pioneering opportunity to design and shape AI at scale in the Telco industry. With our leadership in bringing 5G network nationwide, the opportunity for AI will only grow exponentially in going from enabling billions of predictions to possibly trillions of predictions that are automated and real-time. Therefore, it will be critical that this candidate possess previous experience in research and validation of AI and data science techniques. 
Partner closely with business, scientists, engineers and different stakeholders to provide audit and review of internal/external AI systems regarding fairness, accountability, and transparency in development and deployment. 
Communicate findings to diverse technical and non-technical stakeholders with differing perspectives and needs. 
Serve as a trusted advisor to all stakeholders at Verizon in defining and implementing ethical AI best practices. 
Research and develop methods to detect and quantify bias, understand where biases come from, explain models and their decisions, and attribute responsibility. 
Assist engineering teams in productizing and deploying research outcomes. 
Operate as an expert and thought leader both within Verizon and externally within industry via open source, speeches, publications, etc. 
Coach and mentor our high potential talent. 
What we’re looking for... 
 You have a keen passion in delivering AI for social good, excellent communication skills, critical thinking, and strategic thought leadership above and beyond the technical knowledge and commercial application experience. 
You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Knowledge of AI ethics (including fairness, accountability and transparency). 
Experience manipulating and analyzing data from different sources (cloud and on-premise), at different scales (big data and small data), and of different formats. 
Coding experience with demonstrated expertise in Python, Java, R, etc. 
Expert level knowledge of a variety of AI/ML models, frameworks(keras, pytorch, etc.) and libraries/packages/apis (e.g., scikit) 
Experience in scaling AI in areas like personalization, forecasting, experimentation, computer vision, etc. 
Experience developing models and algorithms independently, writing your own code, developing strategy for algorithmic experimentation, monitoring model performance, and deploying in production. 
Experience with hypothesis testing, sampling, and causal inference methods. 
Even better if you have one or more of the following: 
A degree. Ph.D. degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Econometrics, Operations Research, Quantitative Social Science). 
Understanding and ability to explain both the code and the underlying math used in algorithms/models. 
Previous work experience related to Machine Learning audit. 
A strong publication record in AI/ML, preferably in ethical AI. 
Excellent communication & cross-functional collaboration skills. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $111,000 and $207,000  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Colorado Springs, CO Jobs at Verizon in Colorado Springs, CO Data Scientist salaries in Colorado Springs, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 29,100 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
