
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Researcher - New York, NY 10005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Researcher Hudson River Trading 2 reviews New York, NY 10005 Hudson River Trading 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Machine learning is central to HRT's approach to building trading strategies. As a result, we are heavily invested in hiring the best and brightest ML researchers and providing them with the freedom to explore and pursue their own ideas. 
 
Financial markets present a variety of unique and interesting technical challenges for ML research, including latency constraints, non-stationarity, and low signal-to-noise ratios. As a Machine Learning Researcher in HRT AI Labs (HAIL), you will work with vast amounts of market data to overcome these challenges. You will collaborate with your fellow researchers and engineers to develop and test your ideas as a part of HRT's live trading strategies. Successful ideas will be put into practice almost immediately, contributing to the firm's performance and impacting the landscape of global financial markets. 
 
Responsibilities include 
 
 Conduct independent research in applying machine learning to a wide variety of datasets and trading problems 
 Following latest developments in academic research and incorporating research techniques from different fields to our problems 
 Independently implementing research in production using Python / C++ 
 
 The Profile 
 
 Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field 
 At least two years of demonstrated experience of ML research in a professional setting 
 Track record of academic publications preferred 
 Experience with software engineering in Python / C++ 
 
 The Culture 
 
Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticated computing environments for research and development. Our researchers are at the forefront of innovation in the world of algorithmic trading. 
 
At HRT we come from all sorts of backgrounds: mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, and engineering. We're a community of self-starters who are motivated by the excitement of being at the cutting edge of automated trading. Our culture celebrates great ideas whether they come from HRT veterans or new hires. At HRT we're friends and colleagues, whether we are sharing a meal, playing the latest board game, or writing elegant code. We embrace a culture of togetherness that extends far beyond the walls of our office. 
 
Seem like something you might be interested in? Our goal is to find the best people and bring them together to do great work in a place where everyone is valued. HRT is proud of our diverse staff; we have offices all over the globe and benefit from our varied and unique perspectives. HRT is an equal opportunity employer; so whoever you are we'd love to get to know you. Hudson River Trading 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Hudson River Trading in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Hudson River Trading Hudson River Trading 2 reviews Hudson River Trading (HRT) brings a scientific approach to trading financial products. We have built one of the world's most sophisticate... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
