
 
 
 
 Vice President Strategy & Transformation - Whippany, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President Strategy & Transformation Barclays 5,958 reviews Whippany, NJ Barclays 5,958 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Vice President Strategy & Transformation 
 Whippany, NJ 
 As a Barclays Vice President Strategy & Transformation, you’ll be an instrument part of the COO Strategy and Transformation (S&T) team which is responsible for leading critical re-engineering and diagnostic efforts across four transaction cycles: Cards Platform, Merchant Services, Fraud, and Contact Center (all of which have Operations and Technology Teams), as well as supporting US Collections initiatives. This is a highly visible role where you’ll need to use your analytical skills, project management experience, and expertise in operational transformation to execute Strategy and Transformation projects across the bank transaction cycles to drive operational efficiency; examples include location strategy, vendor strategy, cost of service, operations digitization/automation, control automation. 
 Barclays is one of the world's largest and most respected financial institutions, with 329 years of success, quality and innovation behind us. We've helped millions of individuals and businesses thrive, creating financial and digital solutions that the world now takes for granted. An important and growing presence in the USA, we offer careers providing endless opportunity. 
 What will you be doing? 
 Identifying and executing Strategy and Transformation projects across the TCs to drive operational efficiency. Completing de facto Chief of Staff office activities, such as pulling together papers from across the organization for Boards, Regulators, and senior leadership and running required governance forums. Lead a portfolio of Special Projects (that drive cost efficiency, operational efficiency, better customer service, and/or better controls. Scope and manage projects day-to-day. Own key stakeholder relationships (including cross-functional). Develop knowledge and understanding of portfolio/project risks and dependencies to be able to assess the impact of issues and make useful recommendations to impacted stakeholders. Partner with various project managers and key stakeholders to develop an agreed engagement and escalation process; include risks and issues where dependencies have been identified. 
 What we’re looking for: 
 Process Oriented mind-set as demonstrated by prior experience with operational transformation, continuous improvement, lean or 6 sigma experience Substantial years’ experience delivering on transformation programs in a regulated environment Proven experience improving profitability and reducing cost by optimizing operational capabilities Well versed in making changes in an operational setting by interfacing with compliance, front office, and tech personal to implement procedural, technical and automation solutions (e.g. machine learning, AI, RPA) 
 Skills that will help you in the role: 
 Credit Card, Online Banking, or Call Center industry knowledge/experience Financial Services or Consulting Experience Desire to work in a fast-paced environment. High energy, high level of commitment. MBA preferred 
 Where will you be working? 
 At Barclays, we are proud to be redefining the future of finance and here at Whippany we are defining the future of the workplace and the future of the way we work and live. We are creating a unique community, one of four strategic tech-enabled hubs that will redefine opportunity for everyone who works here. Whatever you do at Whippany, you’ll have every chance to build a world-class career in this world-class environment. 
 #LI-DE2021 Barclays 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Strategy jobs in Whippany, NJ Jobs at Barclays in Whippany, NJ Vice President of Strategy salaries in Whippany, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Barclays Barclays 5,958 reviews Finance is the oxygen of the economy. Acting transparently and with expertise, we deploy finance responsibly to support people and busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
