
 
 
 
 Assistant Registrar/Curriculum - Fayetteville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Registrar/Curriculum Fayetteville Technical Community College (E) Fayetteville, NC Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Fayetteville Technical Community College is seeking qualified applicants for this full-time position. This position will assist in the planning, organization, and supervision of the College’s registration and student records services; to actively participate in registration activities with faculty, staff and other College divisions and departments; and to perform a variety of technical tasks relative to registration. 
 
Qualified candidates will possess excellent record keeping and communication skills both written and oral as well as organizational skills. The appropriate candidate should possess exemplary customer service skills and will coordinate activities with other college divisions, federal and state agencies, institutions, and various lenders. The candidate will also perform various other duties as assigned by the Sr. Registrar 
Duties
 The successful candidate will: 
Lead and participate in the registration of students for College courses and in the maintenance of student records. 
 
Assist in the coordination and supervision of registration staff and workflow processes including monitoring the registration of students, publication of class schedules, and information dissemination and verification using communication management to support outreach to students. 
 
Monitor operations and activities of records and registration function; recommend improvements and modifications; prepare various reports on operations and activities using Informer to analyze and access the registration data to share with various departments campus-wide. 
 
Assist in the implementation of goals and objectives; establish schedules and methods for providing efficient and effective registration and student records services; implement policies and procedures. 
 
Interpret, apply, and assist in ensuring staff compliance with College policies and procedures, and federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to disclosure of student information. 
 
Assist in the coordination of assigned registration activities with those of faculty, administrative staff, and other College divisions and departments. 
 
May lead and participate in the maintenance of student records system (AI portal); establish procedures that support service member tuition assistance programs; advise staff in appropriate systems administration and maintenance procedures. 
Maintain documentation covering registration and records policy and office procedures; compile and maintain a variety of statistical records and reports using Informer to distribute to various departments. 
 
Confer with and provide staff assistance and advice to higher level College staff as assigned; develop, prepare, and present recommendations and reports as requested, create manuals to keep Registration and Records processes up-to-date. 
 
May perform more complex registration issues enrolling students and provide counseling to students regarding Army requirements and procedures as they pertain to the College. 
 
Answer questions and provide information to students and the public; investigate complaints and recommend corrective action as necessary to resolve complaints. 
 
Participate in the selection of staff; provide or participate in staff training; work with employees to correct deficiencies. 
 
Serve as Acting Registrar/Curriculum in the absence of the Sr. Registrar/Curriculum. 
 
Perform related duties as assigned. 
Minimum Qualifications
 An Associate degree from an accredited college in business administration, records management or a closely related field; or equivalent and three years of increasingly responsible experience involving student registration and records activities. 
 
Must possess both written and oral communication skills. 
 
Must have expert efficiency in Microsoft Office and operational functions of a personal computer. 
Preferred Requirements
 Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in business administration, records management or a closely related field; or equivalent. 
 
Experience working with Ellucian Colleague. 
 
Computer Programming skills a plus 
Full or Part Time Full Time College Pay Scale Number of Months 12 Position End Date (if temporary) Posting Number S32-21
 EEO Statement 
 The Fayetteville Technical Community College is an Equal Opportunity Educational Institution/Employer. Fayetteville Technical Community College (E) 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Registrar jobs in Fayetteville, NC Jobs at Fayetteville Technical Community College in Fayetteville, NC Assistant Registrar salaries in Fayetteville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fayetteville Technical Community College (E) Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
