
 
 
 
 Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence for Biology (University Grad) - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence for Biology (University Grad) Facebook 631 reviews New York, NY Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The FAIR Protein team does fundamental research to help shape the future of AI in biology. Central to this is using state-of-the-art AI to learn biology in its native language. This encompasses training large language models on protein sequence data, building research frameworks in protein ML, leveraging those techniques for protein design, and all aspects of conducting exploratory research in collaboration with FAIR’s research scientists and various academic collaborators at universities. Candidates are expected to be graduate or postgraduate level researchers capable of using machine learning and deep learning techniques to model and design proteins. The position is for a full-time visiting researcher position for a one-year period. The ideal candidate has a deep background in both machine learning and protein sequences and structure. 
Analysis of protein language models using biology domain expertise. 
Develop datasets for biological case studies on specific protein families. 
Developing and evaluating new language modeling paradigms to learn from protein sequence data. 
Develop ML models at the intersection of language modeling and protein structure prediction/folding. 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Masters or PhD degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Computational Biology, or related field. 
Experience in Python, Lua, C++, C, C#, Java or similar language. 
Experience in Machine Learning. 
Research experience in computational biology, protein engineering, computational protein design, or systems biology. 
Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Research and software engineering experience in an academic or industrial setting demonstrated via an internship, work experience, or coding competitions, or open-source contributions. 
Experience with ML applied to biology, specifically language models or deep learning for protein structure prediction. 
Research track record in computational biology, protein engineering, computational protein design, or systems biology. 
Experience in ML frameworks such as PyTorch, Caffe2, TensorFlow, and Keras. 
Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 29 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Graduate Researcher jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Facebook in New York, NY Graduate Researcher salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
