
 
 
 
 Autonomy and Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Engineer Asc - Fort Worth, TX 76108 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomy and Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Engineer Asc LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,674 reviews Fort Worth, TX 76108 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,674 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At Lockheed Martin we work to transform how humans and machines work together through purposeful innovation. We are seeking talented Software Engineers with a desire to use and apply technical standards, principles, theories, concepts, and techniques in the software field to develop solutions to complex problems supporting the Mission Control Advanced Software team within Advanced Development Programs (ADP). You will focus on supporting research, development, and analysis of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies that enable and advance semi and fully autonomous systems for military defense customers at our Aeronautics business area in Fort Worth, Texas.
 
 
What you will do: 
 Drive the design and development of key technologies within the scope and realm of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning by applying new and existing technologies in a dynamic fast paced environment. Develop, integrate, and deploy autonomy and artificial intelligence algorithms for mission systems, supporting the technology development life cycle from requirements generation through development, integration, and testing. Translate requirements and apply requirements to develop code, integrate autonomy, AI or machine learning algorithms to LM products and platforms. Determine software methods to best acquire and execute knowledge and implement algorithms into software to train systems to recognize patterns and perform specific functions. Responsible for various phases of developing and maintaining autonomy software from requirements generation, software design and development to integration, testing, troubleshooting and debugging, and implementation. 
Willing to travel up to 10% of time, primarily domestic. 
 
*** Must be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access and an Interim Secret clearance to start. *** 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Math, or Physics from an accredited university. Experience developing software using Python, C++ Ability to obtain DoD Secret Clearance, therefore, U.S. Citizenship is required. Interim Secret clearance required to start. 
Desired Skills: 
 Minor or Focus in Artificial Intelligence Basic experience with practical applications of AI techniques for perception, decision making, planning, and interacting with humans. Basic understanding and knowledge different types of machine learning, including: supervised, unsupervised, semi-supervised, reinforcement, and hybrid learning approaches. Experience developing applications on Linux Knowledge of Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a collaborative and team-based environment Proficient with Microsoft Office 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
4 yr and up College Lockheed Martin Corporation 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Fort Worth, TX Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Fort Worth, TX Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Fort Worth, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,674 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
