
 
 
 
 Autonomy Artificial Intelligence Lead - St. Louis, MO 63136 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Autonomy Artificial Intelligence Lead BOEING 8,355 reviews St. Louis, MO 63136 $103,950 - $193,050 a year BOEING 8,355 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $103,950 - $193,050 a year Full Job Description At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us. 
The Boeing Company is currently seeking an  Autonomy Artificial Intelligence   Lead  to join the Phantom Works Advanced Autonomous Systems (AAS) team to lead development of technology supporting our newest and future autonomous systems located in  St. Louis, MO . This position will focus on supporting the Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) business organization. 
The successful candidate will grow, lead and mentor a team of Artificial Intelligence (AI) researchers and software engineers and become a company-wide resource for AI technology, especially as it pertains to autonomous systems. As an advanced technologist / developer, you will conduct and transition original research that result in innovative solutions deployed to aerospace platforms. 
As a member of Phantom Works your primary focus will be the maturation and application of new technology to current and future Boeing products. You will work with partner organizations inside and outside Boeing, and you will be supported by Boeing’s extensive resources including high fidelity simulation environments, hardware in the loop test facilities, cloud computing and autonomous system test ranges. 
Position Responsibilities: 
Create artificially intelligent systems to control, augment, and enhance Boeing products 
Identify new tools/technologies and evaluate them for use by Boeing 
Participate in proposals and other business development activities 
Understand needs of internal and external customers to build technology roadmaps that meet those needs 
Oversee directed research projects at Boeing labs and partner organizations 
The Senior AI Technologist is an individual contributor, but will lead a team of engineers and technologists performing applied R&D and must be able to drive the overall vision of the team 
Soft skills related to consensus-building, communication, conflict resolution, communication and active listening are a must 
This position allows telecommuting. The selected candidate may be required to work onsite approximately two days a week in St. Louis, MO. 
Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience) 
This position requires the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. A final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required. 
Experience working in the field of Artificial Intelligence including Machine Learning 
Minimum 3 years of experience with Robotics and/or Autonomy Techniques 
Minimum 5 years of team leadership experience 
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience) 
PhD in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning or a related field 
Active U.S. Secret Security Clearance 
Domain knowledge of Autonomous Systems or Robotics 
Broad knowledge of AI tools and Techniques 
Research experience in at least one area relevant to autonomy such as Perception, Decision Making, Game Theory, Reinforcement Learning, Probabilistic Reasoning, or Anomaly Detection 
Experience with computer vision libraries such as OpenCV 
Experience with deep learning libraries, such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Theano, or Caffe, Fast.ai, etc. 
Experience with path planning, goal planning, data optimization and data filtering algorithms 
Experience with sensors (cameras, LiDAR, RADAR, GPS-IMU), embedded systems, and system integration related to autonomous systems 
Experience with military applications 
Experience with version control systems such as Git 
Software language experience, including C++, Python, Java and Ruby 
Typical Education/Experience 
Typically 14 or more years' related work experience or relevant military experience. Advanced degree (e.g. Bachelor, Master, PhD, etc.) preferred, but not required. 
Relocation 
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility. 
Drug Free Workplace 
Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies 
Work Shift: 
This position is for 1st shift. 
At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities. 
The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work. 
The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements. 
Please note that the salary information shown below is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations. 
Summary pay range: $103,950 – $193,050 Boeing 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at BOEING in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from BOEING BOEING 8,355 reviews We are the world’s largest aerospace company and leading provider of commercial airplanes, defense, space and security systems, and globa... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
