
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Fairness, Equity, Validity and Efficacy - Princeton, NJ 08541 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - Fairness, Equity, Validity and Efficacy Educational Testing Service (ETS) 435 reviews Princeton, NJ 08541 Remote Full-time Educational Testing Service (ETS) 435 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Center for Research on Validity, Fairness, and Equity in Learning and Assessment is seeking a Research Scientist to conduct research on fairness, equity and inclusion, or validity and efficacy research, in K-12 and postsecondary learning and assessment. A passion for and commitment to social justice is essential in this role.
 The newly formed center will expand ETS’s research on validity and fairness methodologies in assessment and learning and investigate approaches to reducing inequities in learning opportunities and outcomes. In addition to methodological research, the Center will take a systematic, empirically based approach to investigating issues that affect inequality in educational outcomes, including poverty, structural stigma, and inequities in educational resources. The Center will form collaborations with scholars, educational institutions, and other research organizations to address complex issues such as improving the efficacy of instruction and assessment and advancing work on fairness in education and assessment in the U.S. and worldwide. At this critical time in education and society, which involves significant changes in how individuals learn and are assessed, the Center’s work will focus on research that advances the science and practice of assessment and learning while also informing policy and practice.
 The Research Scientist will take responsibility for conceptualizing, proposing, directing, and collaborating on projects and, when appropriate, seek external funding for research. This research portfolio will cover a wide range of topics that might include methods for evaluating fairness of assessments and learning environments, equity of opportunity to learn and advance through the education system, methods for validating new assessment approaches (e.g., those that rely on automated scoring or remote proctoring), or evaluations of the efficacy of learning or assessment interventions. The Research Scientist will be a key collaborator in generating or contributing to new knowledge or capability, and in applying that new knowledge and capability to existing and/or new ETS products and services. This may take the form of new or modified frameworks and theories regarding fairness, equity, validity or efficacy; new research methodology; new assessment development methodology; new statistical, analytic or interpretative procedures; new test designs and item types; new approaches to scoring examinee responses; and new approaches to reporting.
 Responsibilities: 
Develop and implement an innovative research agenda in one or more areas of Center focus on fairness, equity, validity or efficacy in learning and assessment
 Collaborate with teams of external and internal ETS researchers on activities that advance ETS’s research and assessment programs and services
 Manage or assist in managing research projects, involving staff assignment and scheduling, budgeting, acquisition and utilization of equipment and interaction with other areas of R&D
 Document and disseminate the results of research in a variety of outlets for optimal impact of research
 Lead or participate in efforts to seek external research funding
 Provide ongoing thought leadership to testing programs, R&D management, or other ETS management concerns
 Develop external professional relationships and work to refine the scientist’s identity; play an active role in activities sponsored by one or more organizations substantively related to the work of ETS (e.g., not only as member and regular presenter, but also serving as a committee member).
 
 Required Experience: 
Education, Certifications, or Special Licenses: 
A Ph.D. or Ed.D. in Education, Psychology, Sociology, Political Science, Economics, Educational Measurement, Quantitative Psychology, or allied fields.
 Relevant Years of Experience: 
At least three years of progressively independent research experience 
Other Requirements: 
Demonstrated expertise and record of conducting research related to at least two of the following:
 Fairness and equity in learning or assessment
 Fairness research in AI and digital assessment methods
 Validity research in learning or assessment
 Experimental and quasi-experimental design as applied to intervention studies related to education and assessment
 At ETS, we believe that diversity is a key to success. If you are not sure you exactly match this job description but believe you have other characteristics that will make you successful in this role, please apply and tell us how.
 COVID-19 Requirements: 
ETS requires all new hires to either certify that they have been fully vaccinated or request and obtain an exemption due to medical or religious reasons by their start date.
 EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of Women and Minorities. 
EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. 
EDUCATIONAL TESTING SERVICE is a Drug-free workplace. 
 From: Educational Testing Service Educational Testing Service (ETS) 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Educational Testing Service in Princeton, NJ Research Scientist salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Educational Testing Service (ETS) Educational Testing Service (ETS) 435 reviews We believe in the life-changing power of learning. For the last 70 years, we’ve been driven by a vision of what’s possible when all peopl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
