
 
 
 
 Fashion Designer - Woonsocket, RI 02895 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fashion Designer Summer Infant Inc 4 reviews Woonsocket, RI 02895 Full-time Summer Infant Inc 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Summary: 
The Fashion Designer works as an individual contributor within the Fashion Department to bring an on-trend, visually appealing line of products aligned to multiple SUMR Brands, to market. Works cross functionally with Product Managers and Product Designers and manages all work effectively and meets all deadlines. 
Duties & Responsibilities: 
Develop Adobe Illustrator Line Art for technical and fashion designs. 
Apply color palettes, prints and patterns to product designs. 
Create Print Layouts and Color Ways in both AI and Photoshop programs. 
Create technical spec packs for all products. 
Assist in the development of prototypes with the sewing room. 
Responsible for creating and organizing the fabric, trim and color libraries. 
Researching hardware and trims. 
Support the Fashion Manager in the preparation, communication and execution of fashions on products. 
Prepare and management of product fashion specifications. 
Apply fashions and color ways to derivative products and new collections. 
Organization of the Design studio. 
In charge of all color approvals for all materials; fabrics, plastics and trims and communicating them to Product Mangers and vendors. 
Creative Skills and Qualifications 
Good eye for color, pattern and trends with strong textile background 
Ability to coordinate multiple materials for cohesive new fashion statements 
Proficient in pattern repeats, print layouts and colorings, as well as more engineered placement designs 
Create and develop textile patterns 
Ability to texture prints from products for 3-dimensional design renderings 
Apply and develop fashions and colorways to derivative products and new collections 
An awareness of current and future aesthetic, color, textural and conceptual trends across multiple platforms. 
Translate new market trends into trend forward, innovative and still commercial products 
Strong textile background, understand different fibers, finishing’s and their strengths 
Material and fabric sourcing 
Soft goods engineering background – whether in sewing, patternmaking or 3D conceptualizing with fabrics 
Create Adobe Illustrator and/or Photoshop presentations both internally or externally for buyers and retailers 
Evaluate prototypes and troubleshoot with our factories 
Good communication skills, both internally and externally with overseas manufacturers 
Strong organizational skills 
Time flexibility, ability to multi task to support changing demands and needs of the department 
Technical Skills 
 Proficient in Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Acrobat 
Physical and Mental Demands 
Work Setting: Office setting, indoors, environmentally controlled 
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 90% of the time 
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc. 
Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine and computer printer 
The ability to communicate information and ideas so others will understand. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations. 
The ability to observe details at close range 
It is the policy of SUMR Brands to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law. Summer Infant Inc 12 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Fashion Designer jobs in Woonsocket, RI Jobs at Summer Infant in Woonsocket, RI Fashion Designer salaries in Woonsocket, RI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Summer Infant Inc 4 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
