
 
 
 
 Senior Artificial Intelligence Engineer - McLean, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Artificial Intelligence Engineer The MITRE Corporation 259 reviews McLean, VA Full-time The MITRE Corporation 259 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities, and a culture of innovation that embraces diversity, inclusion, flexibility, collaboration, and career growth. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE—and make a difference with us. 
Use Artificial Intelligence to solve problems for a safer world! At MITRE we work across the whole of government to identify opportunities that shape our nation’s future. We use our strengths to build coalitions of collaboration that strengthen government and create positive change for citizens. You can be a part of this! 
MITRE’s AI-enhanced Discovery and Decisions department has a need for a Lead Artificial Intelligence Engineer. Our work programs need top individuals with a passion for artificial intelligence, experience and proficiency with algorithmic design and development; specifically, in machine learning (including deep learning), and one or more of the following technical areas: decision science, human machine teaming, cognitive science, multi-agent systems, knowledge-based reasoning, automated planning, semantics, and ontologies. 
You will have opportunities to work on a wide range of problems, leading and working with teams possessing a broad range of skills. Your experience will allow you to influence research directions; evaluate the challenges and potential solutions for designing, developing, and fielding artificial intelligence solutions that inform mission-critical decisions; assess the adequacy and maturation of existing research programs and shape their technical and programmatic direction; and identify new areas where research and development are needed to strengthen the nation’s growing artificial intelligence capabilities. 
Job Responsibilities: 
Work on, or lead, a cross-functional team to develop and implement Al algorithms that can help solve wicked problems 
Apply modern engineering techniques to develop decision support software prototypes 
Propose and execute novel, cutting-edge research in Al-enhanced decision systems 
Evaluate Al solutions in the context of sponsor requirements and produce actionable recommendations 
Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering discipline related to artificial intelligence 
5+ years impactful experience in Al-relevant fields, such as machine learning, deep learning, multi-agent systems, planning, and data science. 
Demonstrated ability to articulate Al-specific challenges and identify gaps. 
A keen interesting in learning about and rapidly responding to new problems across a variety of domains. 
Excellent communication written and verbal skills to articulate challenging technical concepts to both lay and expert audiences. 
Ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, and systems. 
Ability to work independently and as a member of cross-functional teams. 
Experience with programming languages such as C++ and Python. 
Must be a US citizen able to obtain and maintain a US government clearance (e.g., DoD Secret) 
Preferred Qualifications : 
Advanced degree in Computer Science or Engineering discipline related to artificial intelligence. 
Track record of successful deployment of AI-enhanced decision systems that have been used by key decision makers. 
Active DoD Secret clearance. 
This requisition requires the candidate to have a minimum of the following clearance(s): 
This requisition requires the hired candidate to have or obtain, within one year from the date of hire, the following clearance(s): 
MITRE is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. MITRE recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of age; ancestry; color; family medical or genetic information; gender identity and expression; marital, military, or veteran status; national and ethnic origin; physical or mental disability; political affiliation; pregnancy; race; religion; sex; sexual orientation; and any other protected characteristics. For further information please visit the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission website EEO is the Law Poster, EEO is the Law Poster-Supplement and Pay Transparency. 
MITRE intends to maintain a website that is fully accessible to all individuals. If you are unable to search or apply for jobs and would like to request a reasonable accommodation for any part of MITRE’s employment process, please contact MITRE’s Recruiting Help Line at  703-983-8226  or email at recruitinghelp@mitre.org. 
Copyright © 1997-2021, The MITRE Corporation. All rights reserved. MITRE is a registered trademark of The MITRE Corporation. Material on this site may be copied and distributed with permission only. 
Benefits information may be found here Mitre Corporation 23 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in McLean, VA Jobs at The MITRE Corporation in McLean, VA Senior Engineer salaries in McLean, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from The MITRE Corporation The MITRE Corporation 259 reviews The MITRE Corporation's mission-driven team is dedicated to solving problems for a safer world. We are a not-for-profit company that oper... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
