
 
 
 
 Digital Sales Representative – Synapse - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Sales Representative – Synapse Microsoft 7,267 reviews Atlanta, GA Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
 
The Digital Sales organization is an organization with a charter to accelerate Microsoft’s growth in its cloud-first, mobile-first businesses along with the traditional businesses. This organization is at the forefront of establishing a new sales model leveraging modern technology and big data and analytics to drive impactful demand response and targeted sales coverage. The Digital Sales Representative – Data & AI Cloud Acquisition role is focused on working with Microsoft’s account teams to identify and drive opportunities for Azure Synapse The key goal of this role is to increase incremental sales volume through the generation of new opportunities that result in additional customer revenue. As a Digital Sales Representative, you will work closely with Specialists and Partners to plan and execute account coverage and campaign strategies to unlock new sales opportunities for Azure Synapse in our Enterprise managed accounts. The role is adept at understanding the needs and process pains of customers to identify opportunities where Microsoft solutions can add long-term value. 
As an Azure Data & AI Digital Sales Representative focused on Azure Analytics solutions you will work within our enterprise sales organization with our most important customers. You will lead a virtual team of technical, partner and consulting resources to advance the sales process and achieve/exceed quarterly Azure Analytics service revenue and usage/consumption targets in your assigned accounts. You will be a trusted advisor and a Data & AI subject matter expert with core capability and expertise in Data Modernization, Analytics and AI. You will work with customers to leverage data to help them achieve their business priorities and help guide customer’s journey through Analytics-led Azure Data transformation. You will help customers evaluate their applications and business requirements, recommend solutions that meet their requirements and demonstrate these solutions to win the technical decision. You will need to support customers to remove roadblocks to deployment and drive customer satisfaction. You will help our customers take advantage of our unique hybrid data platform and leading Analytics & AI solutions to realize the value of digital transformation. 
Responsibilities 
Customer Engagement 
Closes large, multi-cloud complex deals with multiple decision makers. Executes high levels of pipeline hygiene. Leads pipeline reviews for the team. Prioritizes customers to contact based on gathered intelligence and automated sources. Keeps accurate and complete documentation of customer contacts. Identifies sources of information for customer intelligence. Demonstrates actively driving pipeline progression. Increases multi-cloud, cross-selling results. Provides customer insights for impactful business change. 
Dispositions quality leads appropriately and in a timely manner. Meets expected activity levels to reach targets (e.g., calling customers on leads, appointment booking, email follow ups). Gathers and assimilates additional data and insights to inform lead dispositioning. Shares and seeks best practices in lead management. Prepares and delivers multiple demos and execution with a breadth of technical topics.
 Regularly achieves and/or exceeds targets for wins and revenue with consistent above average performance in market/solution area. Lands complex multi-cloud deals with high customer focus. Develops and shares methods for contacting customers and follow ups. Demonstrates disciplined approach to managing complete funnel in order to achieve targets. 
Consistently grows average deal size through cross-sell, upsell, and strong customer focus. Drives resolution of blockers to help customers make decisions favoring Microsoft products and services. Aligns appropriate partners to drive best solutions for customers. Prepares and share best practices across regions. Drives deeper conversations with customers regarding digital transformation and alignment to Microsoft solutions. Leverages competitive insight in customer engagements. Actively leverages marketing insights to drive holistic customer conversations. 
Internal Engagement 
Provides coaching to new hires. Proactively provides positive and constructive feedback on process, programs, culture, and areas of focus for potential improvement. Participates in v-team tasks related to driving improvements. Shares information with stakeholder groups to drive improvement. Shares customer insights with manager, peers, and cross-workload. 
Acts as a subject matter expert in a chosen area and shares best practices and insights with other team members proactively and consistently. Acts as a mentor for new hires. Expands onboarding activities to broader teams. Leads a stretch project. Coaches team on selling. Covers for manager when needed. Motivates and uplifts others. Provides kudos, praise, and recognition to teammates. Promotes inclusion by leveraging and executing best practices. Partners with peers from different teams to share ideas and best practices. Demonstrates curiosity in seeking out best practice. Expands network of experts. 
Reviews plans with manager on regular cadence. Has regular one-to-one meetings to review progress and status against targets. Participates in team and all-hands meetings as needed. Proactively provides feedback on potential improvements. Iterates on processes to drive improvement. Stays abreast of product knowledge, company news, and market trends. Follows processes with rigor and timeliness in accordance with pipeline management and target achievement. Recognizes current state and takes action appropriately to improve or course correct as needed. Shares perspective to drive operational improvement.
 Complies 100% with Demand Response and Microsoft-wide processes. Elevates compliance concerns as needed. 
Leveraging Others 
Completes all required training. Completes optional/recommended training (e.g., deeper solution area training/certifications). Seeks and achieves stretch learning projects. Creates and manages Personal Development Plan (PDP) in partnership with manager. Conducts regular reviews with manager. Seeks and achieves stretch projects or learnings. Learns to prepare and deliver multiple demos with a depth of technical topics. 
Executes Digital Sales excellence through use of tools such as LinkedIn, PointDrive, and Elevate to better identify, connect, and engage with customers and key decision makers and promote professional brand. 
Works across partners and internal teams to deliver strong customer experience. Increases scale and productivity through partners. Works with mentor outside Demand Response. Explores new ways of execution, and leverages best practices shared by others. Proactively identifies opportunities to leverage deal-winning resources as appropriate (e.g., business desk, Digital Win Room [DWR], End Customer Investment Funds [ECIF]). Manages conflict and resolves by finding common ground and agreed-upon path forward. 
Other 
Represent the Microsoft Culture 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
6+ years sales and negotiation experience 
OR Bachelor's Degree in Business Management, Information Technology, Marketing (or equivalent) or related field AND 3+ years sales and negotiation experience or related work or internship experience 
OR equivalent experience. 
Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
7+ years sales and negotiation experience 
OR Bachelor's Degree in Business Management, Information Technology, Marketing (or equivalent) or related field AND 4+ years sales and negotiation experience or related work or internship experience 
Master's Degree in Business Management, Information Technology, Marketing (or equivalent) AND 1+ year(s) sales and negotiation experience or related work 
OR equivalent experience. 
Sales experience in Azure Synapse technology preferred (Data ingestion, Big Data analytics, Data warehousing). 
Sales experience in Inside Sales or Digital Sales environment preferred. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Representative jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Microsoft in Atlanta, GA Sales Representative salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
