
 
 
 
 Campus - Fresher Software Developer Trainee - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Campus - Fresher Software Developer Trainee LeewayHertz Remote Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description This is a remote position. 
 Basic Information 
 
 LeewayHertz is looking to hire B.E./B.Tech/M.Tech B.Sc/M.Sc. CS/IT, BCA/MCA. 
 
 Computer Science Freshers through Campus Recruitment. 
 
 A candidate will be working either on Frontend Technology / Backend Technology / Blockchain / Android/ iOS. Based on the requirements of customers, company and candidates’ skill sets, they will be assigned to a specific technology domain. 
 
 
 Learning Opportunity 
 
 You will be undergoing lot of trainings/ workshops with a full time support from industry experts. 
 
 You will be able to learn and responsible to develop either iOS, Android, desktop or Web Applications 
 
 You will be able to learn and develop software using the web, desktop, or mobile technology 
 
 You will be developing re-usable application frameworks and user interface controls 
 
 You will be getting an opportunity to deliver the project modules within the given timeline with a guidance of project experts. 
 
 
 
 Requirements 
 Programmer/ Coder only 
 
 The candidate should be keen to learn multiple technologies. 
 
 Candidate should be open to flexible work timings 
 
 Knowledge of Android, iOS, Blockchain, or ReactJS & nodeJS would be preferred. 
 
 Candidate should be keen to learn and to make a career in software development 
 
 Passionate to work on mobile and web technology 
 
 The candidate should be B.Tech (IT) / B.Tech(CSE)/MCA/ M.Tech or similar engineering 
 
 Candidate should have strong knowledge of OOPS, Java / C, C++, HTML, Data Structure, Algorithms. 
 
 The candidate must have excellent programming skills. 
 
 The candidate should be a fast learner 
 
 Knowledge of Android, iOS, or angular, ReactJS or NodeJS would be preferred. 
 
 
 Benefits 
 Work from home 
 Opportunity to work on latest technology domains including Blockchain, IoT, Cloud or AI. 
 Fast Learning 
 Flexible working hours 
 Deep technical training from coding to architecture 
 Opportunity to interact and present work directly to the customer based in US/UK. 
 Job Information 
 Number of Positions 
 17
 Industry 
 Technology
 Work Experience 
 0-1 year
 Remote Job LeewayHertz 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Trainee jobs in Remote Jobs at LeewayHertz in Remote Software Trainee salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from LeewayHertz Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
