
 
 
 
 Chief Scientist - AI - Palo Alto, CA 94303 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Scientist - AI Cheetah Mobile 12 reviews Palo Alto, CA 94303 Cheetah Mobile 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job description 
Title: Chief Scientist - AI 
Location: San Francisco Bay Area - Palo Alto, California 
Who We Are 
Cheetah Mobile (NYSE: CMCM) is a leading, profitable global mobile internet company founded and based in Beijing, China. We also have built our dual HQ in Palo Alto, California. We aim to provide the best apps for mobile users worldwide, while building a leading global mobile ad platform for advertisers. Our mission is to Make the World Smarter. 
Our mission critical applications, including Clean Master, CM Security, Battery Doctor and Duba Anti-virus, help make the internet and mobile experience speedier, simpler, and safer for users worldwide. We have 600+ million global mobile monthly active users, and we’re continuing to grow! We also provide multiple user traffic entry points and global content promotional channels capable of delivering targeted content to hundreds of millions of users. 
We invest in the latest technologies and trends, such as robotics, artificial intelligence, and data-driven content strategies. 
Learn more about us at: www.cmcm.com 
What will you be doing… 
Cheetah Mobile is looking for a Chief Scientist in AI to lead Cheetah Research Lab in Palo Alto. We are committed to advancing the field of artificial intelligence by building technologies to help our users create a deeper connection with the world around us. We’re looking for talented individuals interested in: deep learning, natural language processing (NLP), machine translation, video analysis, computer vision, computational statistics, speech, images, and applied mathematics. 
Responsible for the development strategy, technical path, and key technology direction 
Lead research in advanced Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning, majorly focusing on the long-term research topics 
Build up and lead a team of machine learning scientists evolving distinctive practices 
Publication, presentation, and contribution as a thought leader in the field of machine learning and AI 
What we are looking for: 
Ph.D. in Machine Learning or related fields from a highly reputable institution 
8+ years of hands-on research experience in Deep Learning and related fields, industrial experience required 
Highly cited publications in relevant fields 
Deep insight in machine learning and deep learning 
Extensive experience in natural language process (NLP), Machine translation, and/or video analysis 
Experience with Caffe/TensorFlow/Torch or similar deep learning frameworks 
Programming experience with R/Scala/C++/Python, or other related programming languages 
Strong passion in technology and willingness to make an impact 
What's in it for you? 
Opportunity build up and lead a world class team in AI 
Work in a start-up environment with a profitable company 
Free lunches daily 
Excellent benefits 
Monthly team building events 
International travel opportunities 
401(K) with match 
12 weeks of fully paid maternity / 6 weeks for paternity leave 
It is the policy of Cheetah Mobile to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Cheetah Mobile will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Cheetah Mobile 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Cheetah Mobile in Palo Alto, CA Scientist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cheetah Mobile Cheetah Mobile 12 reviews Cheetah Mobile Inc is a Chinese mobile Internet company headquartered in Beijing, China. It is best known as the developer of the Battery... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
