
 
 
 
 Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer Citi 18,274 reviews New York, NY Citi 18,274 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer 
Responsibilities: 
Consulting with managers to determine and refine machine learning objectives. 
Designing machine learning systems and self-running artificial intelligence (AI) software to automate predictive models. 
Transforming data science prototypes and applying appropriate ML algorithms and tools. 
Ensuring that algorithms generate accurate user recommendations. 
Turning unstructured data into useful information by auto-tagging images and text-to-speech conversions. 
Solving complex problems with multi-layered data sets, as well as optimizing existing machine learning libraries and frameworks. 
Developing ML algorithms to analyze huge volumes of historical data to make predictions. 
Running tests, performing statistical analysis, and interpreting test results. 
Documenting machine learning processes. 
Keeping abreast of developments in machine learning. 
Requirements: 
Bachelor's degree in computer science, data science, mathematics, or a related field. 
Master’s degree in computational linguistics, data analytics, or similar will be advantageous. 
At least two years' experience as a machine learning engineer. 
Advanced proficiency with Python, Java, and R code writing. 
Extensive knowledge of ML frameworks, libraries, data structures, data modeling, and software architecture. 
In-depth knowledge of mathematics, statistics, and algorithms. 
Superb analytical and problem-solving abilities. 
Great communication and collaboration skills. 
Excellent time management and organizational abilities. 
Education : 
Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent Experience 
- 
Job Family Group:
 Technology 
- 
Job Family: 
Data Science 
- 
Time Type: 
- 
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. 
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. 
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review  Accessibility at Citi . 
View the " EEO is the Law " poster. View the  EEO is the Law Supplement . 
View the  EEO Policy Statement . 
View the  Pay Transparency Posting Citi 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Citi in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Citi Citi 18,274 reviews Citi is today's pre-eminent financial services company and was built to create a highly diversified financial services company that could... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
