
 
 
 
 Quantitative Researcher - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Quantitative Researcher SEVEN EIGHT CAPITAL New York, NY The partners at Seven Eight Capital have a long track record of successfully implementing quantitative trading strategies in the global equity markets and have delivered superior risk-adjusted returns regardless of market conditions. At Seven Eight Capital, research is about working with the smartest quants on Wall Street to better model the markets. Seven Eight is built on the idea of hiring the best research team we can, and enabling those researchers to reach their full potential. Machine Learning is critical to what we do, and we have significant in-house expertise to help keep us on top of the latest trends. 
 
Do you want to learn about Risk Modelling, Alpha Generation, Portfolio Construction and Trade Execution? Our researchers can gain exposure to all parts of the business. And to enable our researchers, we have a top-notch technology group, producing the best tools available. 
 
Ideal candidates will have the following skill sets: 
 
 BS / MS from top tier university with a focus on Statistics / Applied Math / Computer Science / Machine Learning & AI / Engineering. 
 Strong Python skills for conducting research 
 Programmer with strong hands-on OOP skills in C++ or Java. 
 Experience in Linux scripting is a plus. 
 Strong research skills, preference for research applied to large financial data sets. 
 A general understanding of optimization theory, linear / non-linear models, machine learning techniques and various financial models (Risk models & T-Cost models) is a plus. 
 Ability to clearly communicate, think independently and be an excellent problem solver. The position is well suited for an entrepreneurial spirit SEVEN EIGHT CAPITAL 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in New York, NY Jobs at SEVEN EIGHT CAPITAL in New York, NY Researcher salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from SEVEN EIGHT CAPITAL Seven Eight Capital's strategy focuses on trading a wide number of liquid equity securities and futurescontracts that trade on establishe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
