
 
 
 
 Digital Forensics Analyst - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Forensics Analyst TikTok 21 reviews Washington, DC TikTok 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices, including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Mumbai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.
 The Global Security Organization provides industry leading security and privacy services to ByteDance globally. Our organization uses four principles that guide our strategic and tactical operations. First, we champion trust and transparency, leading the charge in organizational transparency and execution of security and privacy capabilities that drive customer trust. Second, we are a business catalyst and enabler, embodying the DNA of technical innovation. Third, We drive risk informed and empowered decision making, giving our business leaders the information needed to make key decisions. Finally, we proactively identify and reduce risk while enabling innovative product development – to consistently build sustainable world-class security capabilities.
 As a direct report to the Forensics Lead Analyst, you will be responsible for digital forensics, electronic discovery, litigation material management, & evidentiary chain of custody management. In your role you will collect and preserve incident forensics data in support of investigations and litigation. You and your team will also provide data discovery, search, and document production in support of litigation and legal matters. Additionally, you will examine data or evidence in the wake of an incident to identify cause and impact. Finally, you will provide support, as needed, to business stakeholders regarding litigation.
 The candidate must have expert skills in conducting digital forensics during incident response, preserving evidence and identifying artifacts that may be evidence of a compromise. The candidate must also have the ability to communicate well, contribute to cross functional and individual contributor teams, participate in response and defensive actions over a variety of security disciplines, and disseminate technical information as appropriate in support of TikTok’s critical business, go to market, and operational infrastructure needs.
 
Responsibilities
 
 Perform incident root cause, forensic analysis and reporting, preserving forensics artifacts 
 Collect event-related data for further analysis and evidentiary support to investigations and litigation 
 Preserve legally admissible artifacts 
 Provide expertise and testimony for investigations and litigation as requested/necessary 
 
Minimum Qualifications
 
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Excellent communication skills (verbal and written), ability to influence without authority 
 Ability to balance risks in ambiguous and complex situations 
 Highly motivated to contribute and grow within a complex area of emerging importance 
 Expert level understanding of digital forensics 
 Experience and knowledge of IT and cyber incident response procedures 
 Extensive experience in eDiscovery methodologies 
 Experience with forensics tools such as Encase, Forensics ToolKit (FTK) 
 Experience dealing with digital chain of custody, secure storage, and law enforcement forensic guidelines 
 Demonstrates excellent organizational direction, time management, problem-solving, prioritization, goal setting, leadership, motivation, negotiation, and interpersonal relations 
 Works well under pressure and within time/budget constraints to solve problems or meet objectives 
 Ability to communicate technical concepts to a broad range of technical and non-technical staff 
 Must possess a high degree of integrity, be trustworthy, and have the ability to lead and inspire change 
 Bachelors’ Degree or industry equivalent work experience in international security architecture and engineering in a converged security program 
 
Preferred Qualifications
 
 One or more programming/scripting languages (e.g., C++, Perl, Java, Python, etc.) 
 Working knowledge of the applications of Artificial Intelligence in security 
 CFCE, CCE, EnCE, ACE certification 
 Experience in the social media industry 
 Preferred candidate will have the ability to obtain a US Government Top Secret Clearance 
 
TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We believe individuals shouldn't be disadvantaged because of their background or identity, but instead should be considered based on their strengths and experience. We are passionate about this and hope you are too. TikTok 27 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Forensic Analyst jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at TikTok in Washington, DC Forensic Analyst salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from TikTok TikTok 21 reviews TikTok is a destination for short-form mobile videos. Our mission is to capture and present the world's creativity, knowledge, and moment... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
