
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Newton, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Gravyty Newton, MA Remote Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 2 days ago Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Gravyty, the industry leader in AI for social good, seeks a Machine Learning Engineer. As a, A Gravyty MLE, you'll be responsible for developing natural language processing systems and ML pipelines to help fundraisers reach the right donors with the right messages. We seek candidates with in-depth knowledge of statistics, machine learning models, and deep learning frameworks. You will work closely with our Data Engineers and Data Scientists to build and deploy models. 
 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 Research and implement machine learning models for NLP and AI applications 
Assess performance of models using appropriate metrics 
Integrate models into existing infrastructure 
Deploy models in a microservice architecture 
 
 
 Required: 
 Strong coding skills 
Proficient in at least one programming language 
Understanding of data structures, data modeling, and software architecture 
In-depth knowledge of machine learning techniques, statistics, and NLP 
Experience with machine learning libraries and frameworks such as Scikit-learn and TensorFlow 
Proficient in SQL 
BS degree in Computer Science or Engineering 
 
 
 Plus 
 Familiar with natural language processing techniques 
Experience with NLP frameworks such as spaCy 
Commercial/Enterprise application of data science or machine learning 
Knowledge of Big Data solutions (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce) 
 About Gravyty 
 Gravyty is the social good sector's first and leading provider of fundraiser enablement tools powered by artificial intelligence (AI). Fundraisers love Gravyty because AI and machine learning automate the most time-consuming processes that get in the way of doing the work they love – developing and cultivating relationships with donors. By empowering frontline fundraisers to personalize outreach more efficiently than ever before, build new relationships faster, and deepen existing relationships with donors through automated stewardship Gravyty and AI transform what's possible for entire organizations through fundraising. Visit www.gravyty.com (http://www.gravyty.com/) to explore how Gravyty and AI expand the fundraising workforce without making new hires, build donor pipeline, inspire giving, and raise revenue for organizations on a mission to change our world. 
 Gravyty's culture is what sets it apart. Our office is casual and collaborative and thrives on forging connections—both within and across departments. We offer a 401K and subsidized medical, dental and vision benefits. Gravyty 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Newton, MA Jobs at Gravyty in Newton, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Newton, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Gravyty Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
