
 
 
 
 IT Engineer (Full Time) United States - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Engineer (Full Time) United States Cisco Systems 6,014 reviews San Jose, CA Full-time Cisco Systems 6,014 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description IT has never been more important to Cisco and our communities. Our Digital Enterprise Solutions team reimagining the Cisco experience in order to show the world how to reinvent applications and leverage the future of the Internet and showcase the power of Cisco: our people, products, processes, systems, and data.
 As a technical engineer, you will play a key role in designing, implementing, automating, and supporting solutions that are critical to Cisco’s strategy and operations.
 
What You’ll Do
 From our Technical Systems Engineers who build, configure, and upgrade our systems, to our Site Reliability Engineers who bring a software engineering mindset to our systems administration, our IT technical engineers are making Cisco’s IT transformation happen, all with their swagger for collaboration and innovation.
 
 Your roles & responsibilities may include: 
 
 Specify, build, maintain, and support technical infrastructure to achieve desired performance and site reliability. 
 Analyze, install, modify, configure, and support operating systems, IT environments, platforms, database or utilities software. 
 Operate in and/or maintain engineering environment to support automated testing of code that is actively being used by customers. Perform root cause analysis for bugs or service interruptions and bring system or services back online once a problem is resolved. 
 Work cross-functionally to be proactively aware of potential changes needed with applications or systems 
 
Who You Are Recent graduate or on your final year of studies toward a bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related major such as Math, Physics, etc; equivalent experience accepted in lieu of degree Eligible to start July/August 2022 Passionate about cloud technology, automation techniques, systems integration, data, and security Ability to simply and effectively communicate complex technical concepts to stakeholders Possess strong problem-solving instincts and attention to detail Self-Motivated learner who can ramp up on new technology in a fast-paced, dynamic environment Ability to work efficiently as part of a collaborative team
 
Who You’ll Work With
 We are engineers, developers, network administrators, analysts, project managers, and technology professionals. We are also community leaders, activists, parents, daughters/sons, and we stay united as one Digital Enterprise Solutions Family to “power an inclusive future for all.”
 
You would play a crucial role in transforming the Cisco experience for our customers, partners, and employees through strategic and architecture-led projects, transparency and data-driven decision making, and finding ways to become more efficient.
 
Why Cisco
 #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.
 
We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!
 
But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
 
Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
 
So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Passion for technology and world changing? Be you, with us! Cisco Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Cisco Systems in San Jose, CA IT Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cisco Systems Cisco Systems 6,014 reviews #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We em... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
