
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer, Applied Machine Learning (Speech Processing) - Boulder, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer, Applied Machine Learning (Speech Processing) SoundHound Inc. Boulder, CO $119,500 - $154,500 a year Job details Salary $119,500 - $154,500 a year Full Job Description SoundHound Inc. builds voice AI products that make it easier for people to engage with the world around them. We do this by creating custom voice assistants that make it possible for companies to extend their brand in new and meaningful ways. Today, our customized voice AI solutions allow people to talk to phones, cars, smart speakers, mobile apps, coffee machines, and every other part of the emerging 'voice-first' world. 
 
We are looking for an experienced software engineer to join our core speech technology team. You will collaborate with researchers and software engineers to ship various speech technology solutions. Team projects include deep learning acoustic models, wake word detection, voice biometrics, and sound event detection. 
 
Our team is distributed across our office in Europe and North America. We enjoy flexible working hours and a high level of ownership across our projects. 
 
In this role you will: 
 Productionize deep learning acoustic models for our Houndify Voice AI Platform 
 Build feature extraction tools and inference engines 
 Guide junior teammates on projects and share best practices 
 We would love to hear from you if: 
 You have five-plus years of industry experience 
 You graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science 
 You are well-versed writing production level C++ or Python code 
 You are adept with algorithms and data structures 
 You do your best work when you're in a creative and diverse environment 
 
 We'd be especially excited if you have experience with large-vocabulary speech recognition engines and toolkits such as Kaldi. Be sure to let us know how comfortable you are using deep learning frameworks like Tensorflow and PyTorch. Familiarity with real-time audio and signal processing is also a plus! 
 
 Here at SoundHound, diversity, equity, and inclusion are key to who we are as a company. With a mission to build Voice AI for the world, creating a team with global perspectives is critical to our success. 
 
We care deeply about fostering an environment where everyone is supported and can do their best work. SoundHound will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits of employment. 
 
The estimated range of base pay for this position in Colorado is $119,500 - $154,500 USD/year, however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Stock options will be provided as a component of the total compensation package for this role, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits dependent on the position offered. A sign on bonus may be provided as a component of total compensation. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act. Base pay information is based on market location. 
 
Employees enjoy comprehensive health care, paid time off, discounted fitness classes, and flexible working hours. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and culture at https://soundhound.com/careers/. 
 
Come join our growing team and bring your unique voice to our mission! SoundHound Inc. 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Boulder, CO Jobs at SoundHound in Boulder, CO Senior Software Engineer salaries in Boulder, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from SoundHound Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
