
 
 
 
 Managing Director, Center for Learning the Earth with Artificial Intelligence & Physics - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Managing Director, Center for Learning the Earth with Artificial Intelligence & Physics Columbia University 1,128 reviews New York, NY Full-time Columbia University 1,128 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Requisition no: 518128 
 Work type: Full Time 
 Location: Morningside 
 School/Department: School of Engineering and Applied Science Admin 
 Grade: Grade 16 
 Categories: Commun/PR/Editorial, Finance/Accounting, General Administration 
 Job Type: Officer of Administration 
 Bargaining Unit: 
 Regular/Temporary: Regular 
 End Date if Temporary: 
 Hours Per Week: 35 
 Salary Range: 
 
 Position Summary 
 
The Managing Director will build, manage, and innovate the administrative infrastructure of a world-class, federally-funded climate data science research center with extensive outreach, educational, and diversity programming. The Managing Director will assume chief responsibility for the design and implementation of financial and operational policies and procedures, including finance, pre- and post-award grant management, information technology, facilities, human resources, communications, events, academic governance, non-academic partnerships, and workforce development. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 (30%) Personnel & Project Management:  Hire, supervise, and develop six full-time staff supporting the Center’s integrated research and broader impacts initiatives. Set performance objectives, motivate personnel to achieve desired results, and ensure staff support of faculty efforts across research, workforce development and education, broadening participation, and knowledge transfer. Lead and manage daily operations, including supervise and facilitate cross-institution collaboration and internal and sub-award milestones achievements staff development, technology, and space, and ensure that operations are defined by and aligned with the Center’s academic priorities and University policy. 
 
 (30%) Finance & Operations:  Work with the Engineering School and other University-wide offices to build, manage, and report upon a $5M annual operating budget, including monitoring sub-award agreements and milestones achievements of four partner universities. Report on financial affairs to the federal agency sponsor, and communicate sponsor requests and other updates to University partners. Administer the Center’s seed funding program and the disbursement of funds to awardees. Facilitate the recruitment and supervision of postdoctoral, graduate, and undergraduate researchers, and work study students. 
 
 (20%) Leadership Support:  Staff the Center’s monthly Executive Committee meetings, and delegate staffing duties for all other advisory and subcommittee meetings. Ensure that Center faculty and leadership have the administrative support necessary to achieve excellence in intellectual activities, societal impact, and overall operations. Represent the Center Director and Deputy Director’s goals and vision and serve as a liaison to faculty, schools, and administrative units of Columbia University, including senior University leadership. Facilitate integration, engagement and check deliveries from all members of the Center’s 50+-person/multi-institutional team of faculty, trainees, non-academic institutional partners, and administrators. 
 
 (20%) Communications, Events & Special Projects:  Spearhead special projects as directed by the Center Director and Deputy Director, including but not limited to external communications, partnership development, event planning, new program design, and/or personnel recruitment. Manage Institute internal and external communications initiatives to align with the Center Director and Deputy Director’s strategic priorities. Oversee Center-wide communications, regular events and annual meetings, NSF Site Visits, and outreach. Facilitate joint initiatives and expand impact through strong and productive relationships with key business, academic, and government leaders both locally and globally. Represent the Center at meetings, conferences, symposia, and other events. Oversee education programming, in partnership with the Universities’ schools, and identify areas to expand, grow offerings, and enhance interaction among programs and students. Develop new initiatives to foster collaborative inter- and transdisciplinary programming (e.g. seed funding, networking, seminars), including broadening the Center’s activity across underrepresented disciplines. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 Graduate degree required, preferably in environmental engineering or sciences, data science and/or public administration. 
 At least 8-10 years of management and organizational leadership and change management experience, including a strong commitment to supervising and developing staff combined with the ability to plan and manage multiple diverse projects, work collaboratively across functions, levels, and departments toward shared objectives, and integrate resources on a timely and organized basis. Experience within a complex and matrix enterprise is a must. 
 Demonstrated operational and financial management experience, including formulating and executing a strategic plan in support of growing and scaling an organization in terms of staff, budget, activity, and impact. 
 Experience or familiarity with the federal grantmaking landscape and government funding policies and guidelines. 
 Demonstrated ability to think strategically, to anticipate future consequences and trends, and to incorporate them into organizational planning processes. 
 Ability to effectively collaborate with diverse personnel and partners, notably those from academia, industry, non-profits, and the city and federal government, with the ability to convey a vision of the Center’s strategic future. 
 Exceptional interpersonal, organizational, and oral and written communication skills. 
 Ability to consider multiple points of view and to make sometimes difficult decisions. 
 A working knowledge of the higher education environment and academia is essential. 
 Track record of handling sensitive information with the highest level of professionalism and confidentiality. 
 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran 
 
Columbia University is committed to the hiring of qualified local residents. 
 
 Applications open:  Sep 08 2021 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Columbia University 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Managing Director jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Columbia University in New York, NY Managing Director salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbia University Columbia University 1,128 reviews Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learnin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
