
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer SADA 38 reviews Los Angeles, CA Temporarily remote SADA 38 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Join SADA as a Machine Learning Engineer! 
 
Your Mission 
 
As a Machine Learning Engineer at SADA, you will work collaboratively with architects and other engineers to recommend, prototype, build, and debug machine learning (ML) infrastructures on Google Cloud Platform (GCP). You will have an opportunity to work on real-world data problems that need existing solutions using Google ML APIs or by developing custom models. Most engagements will include building and deploying ML solutions using cloud ML pipelines while collaborating with SADA data scientists and data engineers. 
 
You should be adept at executing every stage of the ML development lifecycle in a business setting, from initial requirements gathering through final model deployment, including iterative measurement and improvement. You will be working with large volumes of structured and unstructured data from multiple data sources. You can design and implement data pipelines to clean and merge these data for research and modeling. 
 
You will be recognized as an established contributor by your team. You will contribute critical components for multiple ML projects. You will work mostly independently with limited oversight. You will also participate in client-facing discussions in the areas of your expertise. 
 
Pathway to Success 
 
#BeDataDriven: Data is so much more than simply what we experience – it's how leaders use those experiences to drive innovation. At SADA, we believe data is the new oil, that companies have only begun to capitalize on their vast data resources. Help us guide our customers to new highs as they innovate new products and make better choices based on the data they already have. 
 
Your success starts by positively impacting the direction of a fast growing practice with vision and passion. You will be measured quarterly by the breadth, magnitude, and quality of your contributions, your ability to estimate accurately, customer feedback at the close of projects, how well you collaborate with your peers, and the consultative polish you bring to customer interactions. 
 
As you continue to execute successfully, we will build a customized development plan together that takes you through the engineering or management growth tracks. 
 
Expectations 
 
Required Travel - None. This is a remote position. You should have great remote work discipline. This could change in the future, but we see remote work as the future and have embraced it at SADA. 
 
Customer Facing - You will interact with customers on a regular basis, sometimes daily, other times weekly/bi-weekly. Common touchpoints occur when qualifying potential opportunities, at project kickoff, throughout the engagement as progress is communicated, and at project close. You can expect to interact with a range of customer stakeholders, including engineers, technical project managers, and executives. 
 
Training - Ongoing with first week orientation at HQ followed by a 90 day onboarding schedule. Details of the timeline can be shared.  Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, all onboarding will be temporarily conducted remotely. 
 
Job Requirements 
 
Required Credentials: 
 
 Google Professional Machine Learning Certification or the ability to complete within the first 45 days of employment 
 
 Required Qualifications: 
 
 Experience articulating and translating business questions into solvable machine learning problems 
 Experience using one or more ML related Google Cloud products (such as Vision AI, Cloud Natural Language, or AutoML) 
 Experience enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building systems 
 Experience processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis 
 Experience doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner 
 Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets 
 Experience with relevant software (e.g., Python, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL) 
 Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques 
 
 Useful Qualifications: 
 
 Experience working with other Google Cloud related data products (Kubeflow, TFX, Datalab, Dataprep, Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Dataflow, Dataproc, etc) 
 Experience working in a customer-facing, consultative role on data science projects 
 
About SADA 
 
Values:  We built our core values on themes that internally compel us to deliver our best to our partners, our customers and to each other. Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is core to SADA's values. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 Make them rave 
 Be data-driven 
 Be one step ahead 
 Be a change agent 
 Do the right thing 
 
 Work with the best : SADA has been the largest partner in North America for Google Cloud portfolio of products since 2016 and has been named the 2020, 2019, and 2018 Google Cloud Global Reseller Partner of the Year. SADA has also been awarded Best Place to Work year after year by the Business Intelligence Group, Inc. Magazine, as well as LA Business Journal! 
 
Benefits : Unlimited PTO, Paid Parental Leave, competitive and attractive compensation, performance-based bonuses, paid holidays, rich medical, dental, vision plans, life, short and long-term disability insurance, 401K/RRSP with match, professional development reimbursement program as well as Google Certified training programs. 
 
Business Performance:  SADA has been named to the INC 5000 Fastest-Growing Private Companies list for 15 years in a row garnering Honoree status. CRN has also named SADA on the Top 500 Global Solutions Providers for the past 5 years. The overall culture continues to evolve with engineering at its core:  3200+ projects completed, 4000+ customers served, 10K+ workloads and 30M+ users migrated to the cloud. Sada 27 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at SADA in Los Angeles, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from SADA 38 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
