
 
 
 
 Senior Scientist - Computational Biology - Seattle, WA 98109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Scientist - Computational Biology Novo Nordisk 942 reviews Seattle, WA 98109 Novo Nordisk 942 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. About the Department 
 Discovery Biology works to develop strategies for identifying novel pathways, platforms, or technologies that can be leveraged to produce target candidates for the treatment of metabolic disease – specifically diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and NASH. We also provide support for the Obesity Research therapeutic area through a diverse team with technical expertise in proteomics, histology, bioinformatics, and flow cytometry. And our competitive compensation package and support of a healthy work-life balance all add to a best-in-class employee experience. We are changing lives for a living. Are you ready to make a difference? 
The Position 
A highly skilled and experienced Sr. Computational Biologist to drive new approaches to drug discovery through application of state-of-the-art computational sciences within the Global Obesity and Liver Disease research unit. As a senior member of the Target Discovery team, this individual will contribute to the development of scientific strategies and platform technologies for identification and validation of novel drug targets. This individual will collaborate closely with experimental biologists, bioinformaticians, computational data scientists, and project leads within Seattle and across global R&D to leverage computational technologies for advancement of novel target discovery platforms and programs. 
The Sr. Scientist will represent the organization to the external scientific community as a subject matter expert in computational systems biology through the publication and presentation of research, and through development, management, and leadership of external collaborations. 
Relationships 
Reports to a member of the Global Obesity and Liver Disease Research Management team at Novo Nordisk Research Center Seattle. 
Internal relationships include working closely with scientific staff, project leads & other members of the leadership team; regular collaborations with members of other research departments at NNRCSI; & frequent interaction with other colleagues across global R&D. Individual may direct the work of other staff members and lead project teams. 
External relationships include academia- & industry-based research collaborators and key opinion leaders. 
Essential Functions 
Develop and optimize computational pipelines for high-dimensional, high-throughput datasets including transcriptomics, proteomics, and cellular imaging data. 
Design, guide, and conduct statistically rigorous data analyses to support research projects and discover biological insights and new drug targets. 
Develop and apply computational tools for data sharing and visualization. 
Maintain awareness of emerging methods and novel technologies in computational biology, AI/ML and applications for omics and cellular imaging. 
Propose, plan, and execute complex, diverse projects that require a strong technical and scientific understanding and expertise in advanced bioinformatics, computational sciences, and systems biology 
Provide expert-level guidance to design experiments, analyze data, and interpret results, including in vitro & in vivo experiments, public data sets, and clinical data plans and interpretation 
Troubleshoot highly complex tasks through independent and team-based efforts 
Demonstrate deep subject matter expertise and in-depth experience, as well as creative, independent thinking and solutions for addressing critical scientific questions 
Make independent decisions related to day-to-day experimental computational activities 
Assume responsibility for project design, implementation, and interpretation 
Analyze complex data with high degree of sophistication, connect disparate datasets to reach conclusions, and communicate project updates and experimental results to relevant stakeholders 
Function as project leader for global, cross-functional experimental teams to achieve project goals 
Communicate regularly with international colleagues within Novo Nordisk 
Actively participate in cross-functional teams to drive project success 
Achieve business goals, share learnings, knowledge and skills & promote cross-functional teamwork 
Share knowledge & expertise to expand team capabilities and goals 
Demonstrate superior cross-cultural understanding to effectively interact with relevant stakeholders in the global organizationShare knowledge & expertise to expand team capabilities and goals 
Recommend, present, and champion new targets or methodologies 
Propose and lead external research efforts to support project goals 
Write and review collaborative research manuscripts, project documents, and milestone documents 
Identify biology-, target-, or technology-focused gaps and questions & be able to propose solutions for long-term benefit of department, site, or company 
Represent the organization as NN-subject matter expert by attending and presenting at scientific conferences and global meetings 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's Degree required; Phd highly preferred in computational or systems biology, computer science, or a related technical field 
18+ years’ relevant experience required, or a master’s degree with 12+ years’ relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree in with 6+ years’ post-doctoral and/or industry relevant experience can be considered 
Relevant required experience includes: (industry experience preferred) 
Experience in disease related systems biology research; experience with metabolic disease preferred 
Experience with multi-omics or multi-modal high dimensional data analysis and pipelines, e.g. next-generation sequencing, proteomics, metabolomics, epigenomics, phenotypic readouts, imaging, and clinical data 
Experience driving innovative data integration across studies in disparate model systems and public resources to gain insight into disease pathology and distill potential drug candidates and target mechanisms 
Experience translating results of bioinformatics studies into actionable drug candidates 
Working knowledge of cell and molecular biology 
Solid understanding of biostatistics and experimental design principles 
Fluency in Python and/or R programming languages 
Familiarity with command line, linux environments, and running jobs on high-performance computing clusters 
Commitment to reproducible research and demonstrated ability to document code and work collaboratively with computational colleagues (eg git, markdown, notebooks) 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills; demonstrated ability to communicate complex methods and results to non-experts 
Ability to balance multiple projects and receive feedback from multiple teams simultaneously 
Preferred experience includes one or more of the following technologies or specializations: 
Design, analysis, and interpretation of epigenomics studies relating to cell differentiation and cell fate prediction. 
Application of systems biology to clinical data including patient population stratification, responder-nonresponder analysis, and/or identification of predictive & prognostic biomarkers. 
Understanding/application of deep learning techniques using high dimensional, multi-modal biological data in the pursuit of novel biological insights, drug targets and/or biomarkers. 
We commit to an inclusive recruitment process and equality of opportunity for all our job applicants. 
At Novo Nordisk we recognize that it is no longer good enough to aspire to be the best company in the world. We need to aspire to be the best company for the world and we know that this is only possible with talented employees with diverse perspectives, backgrounds and cultures. We are therefore committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates the diversity of our employees, the patients we serve and communities we operate in. Together, we’re life changing. 
Novo Nordisk is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by local, state or federal laws, rules or regulations. 
If you are interested in applying to Novo Nordisk and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply, please call us at  1-855-411-5290 . This contact is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. Novo Nordisk 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Novo Nordisk in Seattle, WA Senior Scientist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Novo Nordisk Novo Nordisk 942 reviews Changing diabetes. It’s a challenge that impacts the lives of hundreds of millions of people worldwide. It's a number that’s growing ever... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
