
 
 
 
 Adjuncts, Graduate Data Science and Analytics (Online) - North Andover, MA 01845 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjuncts, Graduate Data Science and Analytics (Online) Merrimack College 63 reviews North Andover, MA 01845 Part-time Merrimack College 63 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Position Description & Responsibilities 
 The Department of Data Science and Analytics invites applications to teach online graduate courses as adjunct instructors. Instructors are needed for DSA 5010 Foundations of Data Management and DSA 5300 Data Visualization. Individuals who are qualified to teach other graduate data science and analytics courses are also invited to submit application materials.
 All classes are taught online with a live session one evening per week for eight weeks. The salary for this position is $4,400 per four-credit course section.
 The Department of Data Science and Analytics in conjunction with the School of Science & Engineering, the Girard School of Business, and the School of Health Sciences offers cross-disciplinary MS degrees in Data Science, Business Analytics, and Healthcare Analytics. We are expanding our group of part-time faculty members and are planning to introduce new elective and required courses in areas such as natural language processing, artificial intelligence, and Bayesian statistics among others.
 Qualifications 
 The ideal candidate will be able to blend theory and practice by infusing their industry perspectives into their teaching. Hands-on knowledge of one or more of the commonly used open source programming languages such as R or Python, and/or proprietary applications such as SQL or Tableau is required. Master’s degree in Data Science, Business Analytics, Healthcare Analytics, or a related discipline is required, Ph.D. preferred. Candidates must have significant industry experience. Previous experience teaching online in executive programs or other programs focused on working with adult students, including from underrepresented and underserved groups preferred.
 Additional data science, business analytics, or healthcare analytics program courses may also be available depending on background and interest.
 Statement on Our Mission 
 Merrimack College is a Catholic Augustinian institution of higher education committed to building a culturally and racially diverse community. Our mission is to enlighten minds, engage hearts and empower lives and is inspired by our Catholic faith and the Augustinian tradition of seeking truth through inquiry and dialogue.
 Merrimack College seeks candidates who understand, respect and can contribute to Merrimack’s Augustinian mission and values and advance our work in the area of diversity, equity and inclusion. We strongly encourage applications from members of underrepresented groups. All candidates should describe in their application previous experience related to equity, diversity, and inclusion, as well as how they will engage in fostering a culture that supports our Augustinian mission, our Catholic faith and our values of diversity, equity and inclusion.
 Application materials should include: 
 Cover letter stating motivation and interest in the position, citing experience relevant to the qualifications and including experience with, and commitment to, our Catholic Augustinian mission, our values, and our desire to be a more diverse, equitable and inclusive institution of higher learning.
 Resume or Curriculum Vitae
 This position is subject to the successful completion of a criminal background check.
 Required Vaccinations & Remote Work: 
 Unless otherwise stated above, this is an on-campus position. This is not a remote or hybrid position as employees are essential in order to provide a fully on-campus, residential college experience for our students and the community.
 Merrimack College currently has a COVID-19 Vaccination Policy. Students, faculty and staff are required to be vaccinated for COVID-19.
 About Merrimack College: 
 The only Catholic, Augustinian institution of higher education in New England, Merrimack College is a private, independent, coeducational institution with more than 5,000 undergraduates and graduate students from 32 states and 37 countries, and comprises schools of liberal arts, science and engineering, health sciences, education and social policy, and business. The college’s 260- acre campus is approximately 25 miles north of Boston in North Andover and Andover, Massachusetts. Merrimack is a Master’s Colleges & Universities/Medium Programs institution in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. Merrimack is one of the fastest growing educational institutions in the country and has steadily climbed up U.S. News & World Report’s ranking of Best Colleges, coming in 46th out of 170 schools ranked in the Regional Universities North category in 2020. Merrimack is also listed as one of the top 10 most innovative schools and placed 35th for best undergraduate teaching programs among schools in the U.S. News category.
 Merrimack College is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 Internal Applicants - Merrimack College 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in North Andover, MA Jobs at Merrimack College in North Andover, MA Data Scientist salaries in North Andover, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Merrimack College Merrimack College 63 reviews Merrimack College is a private college in the Roman Catholic, Augustinian tradition located in North Andover, Massachusetts, 25 miles nor... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
