
 
 
 
 Predictions of Precipitation and Extremes - Postdoctoral Research Staff Member - Livermore, CA 94550 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Predictions of Precipitation and Extremes - Postdoctoral Research Staff Member Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 173 reviews Livermore, CA 94550 Full-time Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 173 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
 Join us and make YOUR mark on the World! 
Are you interested in joining some of the brightest talent in the world to strengthen the United States’ security? Come join Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) where our employees apply their expertise to create solutions for BIG ideas that make our world a better place. 
We are looking for individuals that demonstrate an understanding of working in partnership with team peers, who engage, advocate, and contribute to building an inclusive culture, and provide expertise to solve challenging problems. 
 Job Description 
 We have an opening for a Predictions of  Precipitation and Extremes Postdoctoral Researcher  to conduct research on improving the predictions of precipitation and extremes over the US in the Energy Exascale Earth System Model (E3SM). You will work with a team of scientists to conduct model diagnosis with application of machine learning/artificial intelligence (ML/AI) techniques to better understand underlying problems in E3SM model physics critical to the prediction of precipitation and its extremes. This position is in the Atmospheric, Earth & Energy Division of the Physical Life Sciences Directorate. This is a two-year postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of extension to a maximum of three years. 
In this role you will 
Conduct original research on model diagnosis with application of ML/AI techniques to better understand underlying problems in E3SM model physics critical to the prediction of precipitation and its extremes. 
Conduct hypothesis-testing experiments with E3SM on high-performance computing environment. 
Document research by publishing papers in peer-reviewed journals and present technical results at scientific conferences. 
Pursue independent (but complementary) research interests and interact with a broad spectrum of scientists internally and externally to the Laboratory. 
Perform other duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications 
 Ph.D. in atmospheric science, physics, applied math, engineering, or a closely related discipline. 
Experience in one or more of the following areas: precipitation processes, extremes, atmospheric convection, global climate modeling, and application of ML/AI techniques to climate sciences. 
Proficient in at least one scientific programming language for modeling and climate data analysis (e.g., Python, Fortran, C++). 
Experience with large model and observational datasets, modern programming environments, and visualization techniques. 
Proficient verbal and written communication skills, as evidenced by published results and presentations. 
Interpersonal skills necessary to interact with a diverse set of scientists, engineers, and other technical and administrative staff. 
Qualifications we desire 
Experience with analysis of precipitation and its extremes with global climate model simulations and observations. 
Knowledge of parameterizations of precipitation and convection in climate models. 
 Additional Information 
 Why Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory? 
Included in 2021 Best Places to Work by Glassdoor! 
Work for a premier innovative national Laboratory 
Comprehensive Benefits Package 
Flexible schedules (*depending on project needs) 
Collaborative, creative, inclusive, and fun team environment 
Learn more about our company, selection process, position types and security clearances by visiting our Career site. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
LLNL is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer that values and hires a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. 
If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please submit a request via our online form. 
California Privacy Notice 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants privacy rights to all California residents. The law also entitles job applicants, employees, and non-employee workers to be notified of what personal information LLNL collects and for what purpose. The Employee Privacy Notice can be accessed here. Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Livermore, CA Jobs at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in Livermore, CA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Livermore, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 173 reviews For more than 60 years, the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory has applied science and technology to make the world a safer place.
... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
