
 
 
 
 Associate Plant Scientist - San Carlos, CA 94070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Plant Scientist Iron Ox, Inc. San Carlos, CA 94070 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us 
Iron Ox is reimagining the modern farm, utilizing robotics and AI to grow fresh, consistent, and responsibly farmed produce for everyone. Our experienced team of growers, plant scientists, engineers, and innovators are passionate about deeply understanding and developing this new wave of technology to feed an ever-growing population. 
Our mission at Iron Ox is dedicated to addressing some of the most significant issues in food security, now and in the future. We’re focused on sustainable, scalable food production for a changing climate and an ever-growing population. 
We are looking for an Associate Plant Scientist who is excited to be part of a mission and data driven company. The ideal candidate shares our passion to innovate the way that we grow plants. You will support the design and execution of experiments that will allow us to improve current and new crop recipes. This role requires an aptitude and desire for continued learning. In this role, you will be part of a unique initiative that focuses on the development of crop modeling systems in climate-controlled environments. You are an energetic, forward-thinking, detail-oriented, and creative individual. This role reports directly to the Head of Plant Science.
 What You'll Do
 Support planning, management, and execution of research trials for crop optimization 
Collect, analyze data, and synthesize results on a timely basis 
Reports findings internally in a collaborative environment 
Support the Grow team in data collection and basic statistical analysis 
Manages and maintains Crop Matrix dashboards 
Engage with Head Growers, Growers, Plant and Crop Specialists on the development of tools and metrics that allow us to evaluate outcomes 
Collaborate with the Plant Science team to develop optimal crop recipes for current and upcoming crops 
Remains up-to-date on developments and interests in the indoor ag market 
Work closely with engineers, computer vision, data scientists, and software developers to tackle multidisciplinary challenges 
 What You'll Bring 
A passion for food crop production 
BS in Crop Science, Plant Pathology, Botany, Agronomy, Horticulture, or a closely related discipline 
2+ years plant related research 
Basic computer skills, including experience with Google Suite 
A good understanding of experimental designs and data analysis 
Knowledge of hydroponic farming systems, including lighting, control systems, fluid systems etc. 
Ability to work independently in a highly collaborative team environment 
Ability to navigate ambiguity in a fast-paced environment and prioritize multiple work threads to maximize impact 
Familiarity with food safety procedures and requirements. 
 Nice-to-haves 
Interest in the robotics space and love the fun of the startup environment and its culture 
Passion for problem-solving and critical thinking 
Knowledge and experience with operating controlled environment agriculture systems 
 What We Offer 
Iron Ox is a small startup with a big dream. You’ll be a part of a team founded on transparency, creativity, and impact on our mission to feed people 
Competitive compensation and meaningful equity package 
Medical, vision, and dental insurance 
401K 
 We are a mission-driven and well-funded startup, backed by the likes of YCombinator, Pathbreaker Ventures, R7, and Crosslink Capital. We are headquartered in San Carlos, CA with our primary production greenhouse facility located in Gilroy, CA and Lockhart, TX. 
Iron Ox is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
Please note: Iron Ox does not accept unsolicited resumes from staffing vendors, including recruitment agencies and/or search firms. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Iron Ox employees, or any other company location. Any submittals without a prior signed agreement will become property of Iron Ox. 
U.S. E-Verify Notice: Iron Ox participates in E-Verify in the United States. Iron Ox will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Iron Ox, Inc. 9 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Scientist jobs in San Carlos, CA Jobs at Iron Ox in San Carlos, CA Associate Scientist salaries in San Carlos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Iron Ox, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
