
 
 
 
 Data Scientist / Artificial Intelligence Researcher - Aurora, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist / Artificial Intelligence Researcher Raytheon Intelligence & Space 156 reviews Aurora, CO Full-time Raytheon Intelligence & Space 156 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Raytheon Intelligence and Space (RI&S) Data Science and Technologies (DST) team leads interdisciplinary applied research and development (R&D) for all of RI&S. R&D ranges from concept development, trade studies, and rapid prototyping for customized engineering products and services. We develop solutions to solve customer needs as well as plan future capabilities and technology roadmaps. 
 
Raytheon is looking to fill several data science and Artificial Intelligence (AI) positions in Dulles, VA, Richardson, TX, or Aurora, CO. The candidate will join a small, agile group focused on applying state of the art data science (DS), data engineering (DE), and AI approaches to a variety of customer problems. Modern DS/DE/AI approaches are inherently interdisciplinary, integrating concepts from Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, and Mathematics among other fields. Therefore, the candidate must have both technical depth in data engineering combined with interdisciplinary breadth to integrate concepts from other fields.
 
 
Raytheon data scientists combine knowledge of statistical and machine learning practices with practical programming skills to provide data-driven solutions to real world problems. We are looking for data scientists who will be able to work in a team composed of data scientists and data engineers to support a variety of software development teams who are building applications for the modern warfighter and intelligence analyst. The ideal candidate will be able to work with product teams to identify rich data science opportunities, develop data-centric solutions, and deploy those solutions to a secure production environment. 
 
Typical tasks may include: 
Work with product teams, users, and other stakeholders to identify opportunities for data-driven solutions. 
Help build sophisticated optimization models and create algorithms for quickly producing cutting-edge solutions according to those models. 
Use supervised and unsupervised machine learning approaches to develop insights and provide recommendations or predictions for future events. 
Generate hypotheses, design experiments, gather, review and transform data, and test the hypotheses using modern and statistically rigorous methodologies. 
Develop new techniques and applications in optimization, statistics, and machine learning fields and present those findings to internal leadership teams, external DoD/IC customers, and/or academic communities. 
Requirements: 
Requires 8 years of relevant engineering experience 
Theoretical and practical background in one or more of statistical analysis, machine learning, sensor phenomenology, predictive modeling, and/or optimization. 
Experience in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python. Candidates must have a strong coding background.
 Experience working with large-scale data sets. 
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of audiences. 
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences. 
Ability to start with a messy unstructured problem, identify specific research questions from it, and propose data and model-driven solutions that would create value for end-users and other stakeholders. 
Knowledge of current developments and trends in statistics, machine learning, and big data. 
U.S. Citizen and have the ability to obtain a U.S. Security Clearance 
 
Desired Skills: 
Entrepreneurial zeal – capability and strong desire to solve problems from concept development, customer engagement, and technology transition. 
Experience working on front-end, back-end, or full-stack web development projects. 
 
Required Education: 
B.S. in Data Science, Computer Science, AI, Math or similar quantitative focused degree. Advanced degree preferred. 
In compliance with Colorado’s Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, the salary range for this role is $87,500 to $188,000 however, Raytheon Technologies considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience, education/training, and key skills 
 
Benefits offered: medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, EAP, education assistance, parental leave, paid time off, and holidays. 
 
#ACT #datascience185994 
Raytheon Technologies is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status. Raytheon 8 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Aurora, CO Jobs at Raytheon Intelligence & Space in Aurora, CO Data Scientist salaries in Aurora, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Raytheon Intelligence & Space Raytheon Intelligence & Space 156 reviews Raytheon Intelligence &amp; Space specializes in developing advanced sensors, training, and cyber and software solutions — delivering the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
