
 
 
 
 Robotics Research Engineer - Union City, CA 94587 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Robotics Research Engineer Vicarious Union City, CA 94587 Union City, California 
Vicarious aims to transform robotics by creating robots with human level performance on real-world manipulation tasks. We are passionate about changing the world with science and software, and we are looking for exceptional people to join us in that mission. As a robotics research engineer here, you will be involved in designing and implementing the future of robotics alongside other world-class software engineers and researchers. 
Responsibilities 
Understanding the latest advances in robotics and AI and applying them to our problems. 
Developing and implementing new techniques for robotic manipulation, motion planning, control, and learning. 
Helping to architect and build a powerful, flexible, and well-engineered software platform that can be used for variety of robotics tasks. 
We offer the opportunity to take ownership of cutting edge problems and to work with the latest tools and technologies. We encourage a culture of learning and innovation. There are journal clubs on various topics (Machine Learning, Robotics, Software Engineering) and a budget for professional development. The hours are flexible, and we have a generous work-from-home policy. 
Background/Experience 
A bachelors degree in a robotics-related field (including computer science, engineering, applied math/physics) is required. 
Ideal candidates will also have multiple of: 
Strong programming skills in Python/C++. 
Strong mathematical background and familiarity with modern machine learning/AI. 
Ability to rapidly implement and iterate on ideas. 
Significant open source contributions. 
Desired personal qualities: 
Integrity 
Ability to admit when wrong 
Altruism 
Rigorous and empirical approach to decision making 
Fast learner, unfazed by complex systems and difficult problems. 
Patience with others 
Described by others as the best engineer / researcher they know 
Tenaciousness and ability to get things done 
Sense of humor 
Vicarious is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We’re committed to fair hiring practices and a welcoming working environment. All candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, age, gender, sexual identity or expression, medical condition, or socioeconomic status. We value our differences and we’re excited to learn what you can add to our team. Vicarious 26 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Robotics Engineer jobs in Union City, CA Jobs at Vicarious in Union City, CA Robotics Engineer salaries in Union City, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vicarious Vicarious FPC Inc. is an artificial intelligence company based out of San Francisco, California. They are using the theorized computation... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
