
 
 
 
 Workstation Specialist Inside Sales Rep - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Workstation Specialist Inside Sales Rep Lenovo 1,107 reviews Morrisville, NC Remote Full-time Lenovo 1,107 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why Work at Lenovo
 Here at Lenovo, we believe in smarter technology for all, so we spend our time building a society that’s brighter and more inclusive. 
And we go big. No, not big—huge. 
We’re not just a Fortune Global 500 company, we’re one of Fortune’s Most Admired. We’re in 180 markets, working with 63,000 brilliant colleagues and counting. And we’re known for the world’s most complete portfolio of smart technology, from devices to software to infrastructure. 
With our ingenuity, we help millions—not just the select few—experience our version of a smarter future. 
The one thing that’s missing? Well… you... 
 Description and Requirements
 This individual will be responsible for supporting the US SMB sales team for our Corporate Division. They will advise, quote and build out our Workstation Product Line. This is an overlay support position selling our Workstation Brand at Lenovo.
 About Lenovo: We are focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all by developing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable digital society. We design, engineer and build one of the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure. Our goal is to enable intelligent transformation to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world. We make technology that powers the world’s best ideas. We design tools for those who are driven by accomplishment. We are the company that powers the people who Do. The engine that helps them Do more. Do better. Do what’s never been done. And we are united in the quest to help our users defy the impossible. Join us in defining the New IT world of tomorrow!
 Who You’ll Work With: We manufacture one of the world’s most extensive portfolios of connected products, including: PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations; as well as augmented and virtual reality, data center, smart home office solutions, software and services. In this role you will be supporting our Intelligent Device Group (IDG). The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions.
 What You’ll Do: As an Inside Workstation Sales Specialist, you will be tightly aligned with Lenovo's strategic business partners and will be expected to drive a significant amount of their revenue growth by leveraging our channel partners. Acquisition is key to the success of this role, and successful candidates will be responsible for driving new business, customer acquisition, increasing revenue, and building customer satisfaction in Lenovo's Mid-Market prospects (US-based corporate accounts with 500 -1000 employees) within the territory.
 Identify & engage with Mid-Market accounts to acquire & develop Workstation business for Lenovo.
 Demonstrate ability to build strong professional relationships with key IT & business executives. Collaborate with Lenovo Channel partners to initiate customer acquisition & development strategies *Learn and have a full product understanding of our Workstation Product, both Mobile and Desktop.
 Understanding of the IT industry strongly preferred. 
The ideal Inside Sales Specialist will be strategic; goal-oriented, articulate and possess sound phone and face to face customer skills. A strong personality with the desire to reach high performance goals is a must. This position will be responsible for uncovering opportunities, selling the benefits of the full suite of Lenovo products and services; and selling against the competition. The Inside Sales Specialist will work within segment initiatives including weekly forecast and opportunity management.
 About Our Team: We are a blend of innovators and entrepreneurs who relentlessly pursue new ideas and are committed to driving change. As a team, we nurture a culture of doing and performing by operating with a high level of integrity and trust. Why Lenovo? Lenovo is a US $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 57,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. We are #1 PC company on the planet, BCG's 50 most innovative companies, and one of Interbrand’s 100 BEST global brands.
 Awards & Recognition: Fortune Magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, 2020 & 2019 Human Rights Campaign, Corporate Quality Index - Perfect Score 2020, 2019, 2018
 Universum’s World’s Most Attractive Employers, 2020 Best Places to work for LGBTQ Equality, 2021 & 2020 Top 100 Internship Programs Winner, 2020
 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights, 2020
 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index - Perfect Score, 2020 IoT Breakthrough Award, 2020
 2020 Fortune Global 500, #224 Top 100 to Watch for Remote Jobs, 2019 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Inside Sales Representative jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Inside Sales Representative salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,107 reviews Here at Lenovo, we believe in smarter technology for all, so we spend our time building a society that’s brighter and more inclusive. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
