
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, Language - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, Language Facebook 631 reviews Remote Remote Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is seeking a Research Scientist to join our AI Research Team, a research organization focused on making significant progress in AI. Individuals in this role are expected to be recognized experts in identified research areas such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, computational statistics, and applied mathematics, particularly including areas such as deep learning, graphical models, reinforcement learning, computer perception, natural language processing and data representation. The ideal candidate will have a keen interest in producing new science to understand intelligence and technology to make computers more intelligent. 
Lead research to advance the science and technology of intelligent machines 
Lead research that enables learning the semantics of data (images, video, text, audio, speech and other modalities) 
Devise better data-driven models of human behavior 
Work towards long-term ambitious research goals, while identifying intermediate milestones 
Influence progress of relevant research communities by producing publications 
Contribute research that can be applied to Facebook product development 
Lead and collaborate on research projects within a globally based team 
Experience holding a faculty, industry, or government researcher position 
Ph.D. and publications in machine learning, AI, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, data science, or related technical fields 
Experience leading a team in solving modeling problems using AI/ML approaches 
Experience in theoretical and empirical research and for addressing research problems 
Experience communicating research for public audiences of peers 
Knowledge in a programming language 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment 
1+ year(s) of work experience in a university, industry, or government lab(s), in a role with primary emphasis on AI research 
Experience driving original scholarship in collaboration with a team 
First-author publications at peer-reviewed AI conferences (e.g. NeurIPS, CVPR, ICML, ICLR, ICCV, and ACL) 
Experience in developing and debugging in C/C++, Python, or C# 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. 
#LI-REMOTE Facebook 29 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Facebook in Remote Research Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
