
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Elk Grove, CA 95757 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist AutoZone 11,775 reviews Elk Grove, CA 95757 AutoZone 11,775 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Business Environment and Job Description 
ALLDATA is a large contributor to the success of AutoZone. It is an exciting blend of commercial software products with strong market leadership around the globe. Within ALLDATA, the new Data Science and Insights organization contributes critically to business strategy, planning, and operations. Our advanced analytics and collective business acumen drive business results. 
 We are launching a large-scale Big Data program whereby we are collecting a high volume of vehicle repair and part sale data to create a competitive advantage for AutoZone. To better leverage our data resources, we are looking for a Data Scientist to contribute to the development of predictive models in key products and services, engage with management and senior stakeholders across the business, advise and provide solutions and communicate the value of our services to the market. 
 Responsibilities 
 Translate complex datasets into strategic insights for the business and to communicate to non-technical audiences, visualize results, and create understandings and solution buy-in 
 Contribute to the development of automotive analytics products to solve challenges in automotive and other market (i.e. actuarial, data services, supply chain, manufacturing, etc.), taking account of user needs, technology and operational landscape 
 Collaborate with a range of stakeholders to deliver commercial value 
 Identify new analytics trends and opportunities to drive the innovation agenda across business functions & Big Data Analytics community 
 Evaluate and improve the quality of both internal and external data assets and work with technology in setting key requirements for data sourcing and decision making. 
 Contribute to expand the knowledge base within area of expertise, which includes IaaS, DaaS, visualization, analytics, OR techniques, and strategy recommendations 
 Required Qualifications 
 Advanced degree (PhD or Master) in quantitative fields. 
 Minimum 5-7 years of related experience 
 Solid understanding of machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistical analysis (including probability, inference, and a good portfolio of modeling approaches), and/or Operations Research. Experience in IaaS/DaaS is a plus 
 Experience working with large datasets using tools like SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc. 
 Ability to create/test hypotheses from raw data sets, build and validate relevant models, draw meaningful conclusions, effectively communicate results verbally, in writing, and by visualization 
 Ability to implement data transformation and to deploy predictive models in at least one of the common programming languages (e.g. Python, Java/Scala, C/C++/C#) 
 Proficient in statistical packages and ML libraries (e.g. R, SAS, Spark MLlib) 
 Experience with Natural Language Processing is a strong plus 
 Experience with Microsoft Azure is a strong plus 
 Familiarity with leading visualization tools (e.g. Power BI, Tableau) 
 Passionate about learning new technologies and solving difficult problems 
 Effective communication skills and ability to collaborate in a cross functional AutoZone 4 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Elk Grove, CA Jobs at AutoZone in Elk Grove, CA Data Scientist salaries in Elk Grove, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AutoZone AutoZone 11,775 reviews AutoZone is the leading retailer and a leading distributor of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the U.S. We sell auto and l... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
