
 
 
 
 Research Scientist (Augmented/Artificial Intelligence) - Torrance, CA 90501 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist (Augmented/Artificial Intelligence) Intellisense Systems Inc 6 reviews Torrance, CA 90501 Full-time Intellisense Systems Inc 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Intellisense Systems  innovates what seemed impossible. We are a fast-growing Southern California technology innovator that solves tough, mission-critical challenges for our customers in advanced military, law enforcement, and commercial markets. We design, develop, and manufacture novel technology solutions for ground, vehicle, maritime, and airborne applications. Our products have been deployed in every extreme environment on Earth! 
We are looking for an exceptional researcher to join our artificial/augmented intelligence (AI) team. The AI team works to translate state-of-the-art machine learning and deep learning techniques for government customers and DoD applications.
 As part of the team, you will work alongside other experienced AI scientists and engineers to develop novel cutting-edge solutions to several challenging problems. From creating experiments and prototyping implementations to designing new learning algorithms, Research Scientists work on challenges in computer vision, RF signal classification, hardware optimization, embedded AI, and sensor processing in multiple domain areas. 
Projects You May Work On:
 Real-time object detection, classification, and tracking 
RF signal detection, classification, tracking, and identification 
Fully integrated object detection systems featuring edge processing of modern deep learning algorithms 
Deep learning based super-resolution 
Optimization of cutting-edge neural network architectures for deployment on neuromorphic processors 
What You'll Do: 
Design, develop, and implement novel computer vision algorithms or RF signal classification algorithms for unique use cases. 
Formulate new solutions and write proposals to solve customer problems and lead those projects.
 Apply experience in using modern programming, modeling, and simulation tools (e.g. C/C++, Python, TensorFlow, PyTorch, OpenCV libraries, etc.) for object detection, tracking, classification and recognition, point-cloud/solid-model conversion, and other processing algorithm/systems developments to contribute to R&D programs. 
Understanding of developing designs or prototypes that incorporate hardware components (optical, electronics, mechanical) 
Work with government and non-government representatives to ensure the system integration and fielding requirements are understood and addressed. 
Provide technical write-ups related to system, hardware, and software development on bids and proposals. 
Other duties as assigned. 
What You'll Bring: 
PhD Physics, Computer Science, Robotics, Applied Physics, Electrical Engineering, or Applied Mathematics 
At least 3 years of experience in RF signal processing, machine learning, computer vision, algorithm development, and/or algorithm hardware optimization. 
Proficiency in python and C/C++
 Must be able to design, simulate and prototype novel algorithmic approaches to 
RF identification and/or computer vision problems
 Must demonstrate proficiency and knowledge in design, test, evaluation, and analysis of algorithms/software/hardware architecture. 
Must be able to successfully contribute and lead multiple programs simultaneously, achieving required results on time and on budget
 Ability to present technical concepts and designs to Senior Management and customers.
 Must have excellent technical writing, verbal communication, and presentation skills. 
US Citizenship is required 
Nice To Have’s: 
Experience with deep learning and common DL frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch)
 Experience with some of the following standard computer vision tasks: object detection, target tracking, image enhancement, video processing 
Experience with deploying algorithms on embedded hardware such as NVIDIA Jetson SoC and microcontrollers.
 What You Could Expect: 
The freedom to take risks, to innovate, and to be rewarded 
Partner with trusting leadership that approaches tasks and requests with urgency 
Deliver products that are continually recognized as industry disruptors 
Benefits: 
Alternative Work Schedule (alternating Fridays off) 
Relocation 
Medical, Vision, Dental Insurance 
Flexible Spending Accounts 
Health Savings Accounts 
4 Weeks PTO a year (plus an additional 40 hours of PTO your first day) 
10 paid holidays 
Tuition Assistance 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
401(k) with 4% employer matching 
Workers Compensation Insurance 
Voluntary Life Insurance 
Unless otherwise stated in the requirements section of an individual job listing, our positions require U.S. Citizenship, U.S. Permanent Residency, or other status as a U.S. Person as defined by 8 USC 1324b(a)(3). We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. Intellisense Systems, Inc is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or religion or other legally protected status. 
 
 FGt94bv7Jx Intellisense Systems Inc 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Torrance, CA Jobs at Intellisense Systems in Torrance, CA Research Scientist salaries in Torrance, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intellisense Systems Inc Intellisense Systems Inc 6 reviews Headquartered in Torrance, California, Intellisense Systems Inc. (ISI) is a small business committed to providing innovative, timely, and... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
