
 
 
 
 Consulting Development Program - Consulting Analyst - Applied Intelligence - West - San Francisco - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Consulting Development Program - Consulting Analyst - Applied Intelligence - West - San Francisco Accenture 20,796 reviews San Francisco, CA Full-time Accenture 20,796 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description CDP provides opportunities to access projects across different industries, build skills in consulting and new technologies, unite community through culture, and develop strong relationships with leadership. 
What You Could Do Deliver new technologies and unique business solutions to world class clients Provide management support and analyze/improve business processes Develop change management and organizational strategies Build front-end solutions or design and implement software Use quantitative methods and statistical models to create insights, patterns, and outcomes from data Combine Artificial Intelligence (AI) with data, analytics and automation under a strategic vision to scale AI and transform business—across every function and process. 
 
 What We’re Looking For Familiarity with core consulting skills – business processes, organizational strategies, project management and an interest in technology Ability to adjust quickly and confidently when faced with change, engage and enables team members to reach a common goal, seek out answers, drive solutions and get results, and follow through on what you say you’ll do, while also knowing when to ask for help A Bachelor’s degree in any major and/or a minimum of 4 years as an Active Duty Commissioned or Non-Commissioned Officer in the US Armed Forces (Other than dishonorable discharge from any branch of the US Armed Forces) 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Analyst jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Accenture in San Francisco, CA Program Analyst salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,796 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
