
 
 
 
 Sales Development Associate (Remote), Relitix - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Development Associate (Remote), Relitix Better Talent by Laveer & Co Remote Remote $75,000 - $80,000 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $75,000 - $80,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company- Relitix
 Location- Remote
 Type- Full-time
 
First-year expected total earnings in the range of $75,000 to $80,0000
 
Motivated, Solution Sales Professional Wanted!
 Are you a proactive, friendly communicator?
 Do you thrive in a work culture that rewards innovation and out-of-the-box thinking?
 Does having influence over the company direction and product appeal to you?
 Are you looking for a sales opportunity where you can control your own destiny?
 Are you excited about working in a rapidly growing startup?
 Are you intrigued by the exploding potential of AI and data?
 
 Company Overview: 
Founded in 2017, Relitix uses advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence tools and techniques to analyze real estate listing and transaction data. We use powerful software to allow our clients to visualize data in ways unthinkable just a few years ago. Our analytical products provide insight and decision support to the managers of over a dozen of the nation’s largest and most prominent real estate brokerages from coast to coast.
 
 What we have to offer: 
Opportunity to work alongside the founding team
 Be part of a rapidly growing company funded by angel investors with deep domain experience in the real estate industry
 100% remote position
 The ability to influence the product you are promoting
 
 Position Summary: 
As a sales development representative, you will be working independently to develop partners in markets around the country selling innovative new-to-market analytics products driven by AI.
 
We’re looking for an experienced, high-energy, entrepreneurial sales executive with a proven track record and who adheres to a solution/value-driven sales approach. You possess strong sales leadership skills with an innovating and problem-solving aptitude.
 
 Responsibilities: 
Develop new customer relationships in targeted markets for a variety of data-related products using cold-calling, email marketing, and network and referral-based selling.
 This is a strong hunter-style role and requires the ability to identify, prospect and close new subscription clients
 Maintain accurate records of sales efforts and work within Relitix’s CRM
 Effectively communicate company positioning
 Conduct webinars/demos to executive teams
 Become strategic/trusted advisor at the client VP level and above
 Support account and pursuit planning
 Managing pipelines from opportunity identification to contract
 
 Personal Profile: 
Accomplished change leader who demonstrates flexibility, resilience to setbacks and can drive the long-term vision to maintain course within a constantly changing environment
 Demonstrates independence in action, decision making, goal-oriented and driven.
 Motivated, confident, self-sufficient, and able to contribute from day one.
 Well organized and consistently meets commitments.
 Good interpersonal and communication, problem-solving and influencing skills.
 Deals with others with integrity and is able to adhere to our core values of “integrity, risk-taking, committed to excellence, service first and practical’
 Actively uses creativity and innovation to overcome roadblocks
 Possesses a hunger for personal development and is coachable
 Sets high standards for themselves
 Is persistent and aggressive in pursuing results but is balanced with flexibility and patience with others
 
 Qualifications: 
A minimum of 2 year’s sales experience with demonstrated success in meeting or exceeding targets.
 B2B or software sales experience a plus.
 Self-sufficient new business hunter with a strong track record generating your own pipeline.
 Comfort with numbers, statistics, and data
 Experience in the residential real estate industry strongly desired
 Excellent communication skills (listening, written, and verbal), as well as strong interpersonal skills
 Ability to thrive in a competitive, uncapped commission environment
 Process-driven and utilizes value-based selling
 Start-up/scale-up experience a plus
 This position is 100% remote but residing in Milwaukee/Chicago area is a plus.
 
 Compensation:  Annual Salary, $40,000 - $45,000 based on experience and qualifications
 
 Bonus:  This position has an uncapped commission potential. First-year, on-track earnings of $75K-$80K.
 
 Benefits: 
Paid time off such as PTO, sick days, and vacation days Better Talent by Laveer & Co 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Associate jobs in Remote Development Associate salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Better Talent by Laveer & Co Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
