
 
 
 
 Asset Management Coordinator - Greensboro, NC 27406 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Asset Management Coordinator City of Greensboro, NC 108 reviews Greensboro, NC 27406 $63,307 - $105,512 a year  -   Full-time City of Greensboro, NC 108 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $63,307 - $105,512 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 The City of Greensboro exists to partner with the community to build the desired quality of life for Greensboro. All of our actions are guided by our commitment to and measured by our success in building public trust and the future we and the community desires. Critical to our success is maintaining a work environment that fosters employee commitment to public service and making a difference in the lives of our residents. If this sounds like a purpose that you would like to share, please consider the opportunity below. 
 
 Hiring Salary Range : $68,350-$82,349  Full Salary Range : $63,307. - $105,512.00 
 
The Asset Management Coordinator is within the Water Resources Engineering Division and will report directly to the Asset Management and GIS Engineering Supervisor. The Asset Management Coordinator will be responsible for the coordination of engineering planning functions as it relates to condition assessment projects and asset management. The position will provide technical support, communication, and coordination between various divisions of the Water Resources Department for cross-divisional asset management projects. 
The position will help to organize and implement the Department's Water Loss Reduction Program, distribution and collections monitoring programs, and facility condition assessment projects based on asset management-driven criticality. The position will use Esri-based programs, artificial intelligence, and data collection to make data-driven decisions for optimization and assessment projects. Other programs this position will coordinate include the water and sewer pre-inspection program for resurfacing and valve criticality and assessment. Candidates for this position should have experience with water and sewer infrastructure, GIS, and data management through GIS, project management experience, and familiarity with the principles of asset management. Candidates must be able to perform physical activities in the field for condition assessment projects and have an understanding of operating principles for water and sewer infrastructure. Candidates will be responsible for coordinating with Consultants and other stakeholders on planning and executing projects related to condition assessment of assets. This position works in a team environment under the supervision of a Professional Engineer and is given broad latitude in creative thinking and problem-solving.  This job is Exempt and is not subject to the overtime provisions of the Fair Labor Standards 
 Qualifications 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Associates Degree 
 "OR"  an equivalency of a High School Diploma and 8+ years of "related" experience in water resources or asset management 
"OR"  an equivalency of 1 year of education + 9 years of related experience in water resources or asset management 
Valid Driver's License 
 4 to 6 years experience in water, sewer, and/or asset management 
Proficiency in GIS 
Proficiency in Microsoft Office programs 
 An Ideal Candidate Would Also Possess (Preferred Qualifications) : 
 
Associates Degree in Engineering field or other related technical fields 
4 to 6 years experience with project management 
 
 Requirements 
 Work Schedule:  Monday - Friday; 8:00 am to 5:00 pm City of Greensboro, NC 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Asset Manager jobs in Greensboro, NC Jobs at City of Greensboro in Greensboro, NC Asset Manager salaries in Greensboro, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from City of Greensboro, NC 108 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
