
 
 
 
 Natural Language Processing Specialist - Evergreen, CO 80437 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Natural Language Processing Specialist Ometrics Evergreen, CO 80437 Full-time, Part-time Job details Job Type Full-time Part-time Full Job Description Compensation:  Hourly, part time or full time 
 
Location:  Must be able to come into the Evergreen, Colorado office part of the week. 
 
Ometrics is hiring a Natural Language Processing Specialist (NLP) to build AI chatbots for clients. No NLP experience is required. We will provide all the training needed. This is a great opportunity for a motivated and inquisitive person. 
 
You: 
 
 You enjoy word puzzles. Words and the different ways to say and spell fascinates you. 
 The games you play are more logic based like Chess or Go compared to games of chance. 
 Sometimes when working on a problem time stands still… 
 You see patterns when looking at data of user behavior and can see the user’s intention. 
 You often think from someone else’s perspective or point of view. 
 
 If you are interested in learning more,  Contact Us Ometrics 30+ days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Language Specialist jobs in Evergreen, CO Jobs at Ometrics in Evergreen, CO Language Specialist salaries in Evergreen, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ometrics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
