
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Research Square Company 6 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Research Square Company 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Research Square Company, a five-time INC 5000 award winner, exists to make research communication faster, fairer, and more useful. Through our industry leading preprint platform, Research Square, research promotion tools, and AJE’s comprehensive suite of manuscript preparation services, we are proud to have supported over 2.5 million authors in 192 countries since our founding in 2004. Across all sides of our business, our team of former researchers and publishing industry professionals truly understand the importance of sharing research results with the world. By helping researchers communicate their work more effectively, we accelerate the pace of global discovery and advancement. 
What we will expect from you once you’re here 
As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will play a key role in developing and supporting our suite of AI digital products and service delivery capabilities. This person will work closely with our growing machine learning team and cross-functional stakeholders in Product and Service Delivery Operations to advance our AI initiatives. They will collaborate on all parts of AI model creation from data wrangling to testing and validation. The successful candidate will be an early- to mid-career individual who exhibits personal humility and who strives to enable the success of their team in our fun and collaborative remote environment. A successful candidate will be excited to learn and stay abreast of new advancements in the field. 
Experience you will need 
Responsibilities
 Works with complex structured and unstructured data, to include leading the data acquisition process, data cleaning, exploratory analysis, verification, and designing data pipelines. 
Validates models to ensure adequate real-world performance 
Create automation solutions for business-critical problems
 Assesses and advocates for automation solutions based on their cost to implement and probability of success 
Considers scalability, user experience, and biases in data when designing solutions 
Collaborates with business stakeholders to understand business objectives and develop models to help achieve them, along with metrics to track their effectiveness 
Works both strategically and tactically to achieve business outcomes 
Academic and Professional Qualifications 
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent related experience 
Experience 
Minimum 1 to 5 years of professional experience as a Machine Learning Engineer 
Experience with Python, relational and unstructured datasets, MySQL, version control (Git) 
Python’s ML ecosystem (NumPy or pandas, etc.). 
Optimizing existing or new ML solutions for performance and scale 
Experience with natural language processing or a strong desire to learn 
Demonstrated experience with deep learning 
Natural Language Processing and/or Computational linguistics 
Amazon Web Services and/or Google Cloud 
Domain-Driven Design and Test-Driven Design 
Working Arrangements
 Relocation is not required as this position can be remote based.
 This is a US based position. 
Working at Research Square Company 
Our team embraces and fuels change, fights for simplicity, invests in customers’ success, and applies a data-driven approach to continuously improve and magnify our impact. We have developed tools and services that have been adopted by major international publishers to improve the publishing experience for their authors. 
We are a high-growth, family-friendly, and mission-driven company that regularly wins awards for our workplace culture, pace of growth, and innovations. Our organization is casual and flexible while also being stimulating and dynamic. We have a results-focused work environment. 
Workplace Recognition 
Sloan Award for Workplace Flexibility (2011, 2012) 
When Work Works Award (2014, 2016, 2017) 
NC Parenting Magazine’s Family Friendly 50 (2013, 2014) 
Triangle Business Journal's Best Places to Work (2017, 2019, 2020) 
NCBC Breastfeeding-Friendly Employer Award (2017) 
Family Forward NC Featured Business (2019) 
 Research Square Company’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunity in all its employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, military status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation, or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for US-based positions with Research Square must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire. 
Research Square supports individuals with disabilities and provides reasonable accommodations to job applicants. If you need assistance completing our online job application, email Recruitment@researchsquare.com. General inquiries, such as those regarding the status of a job application, will not receive a reply. 
 drPt1TdW4X Research Square Company 2 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Research Square Company in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Research Square Company 6 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
