
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Pison Boston, MA Pison is creating the next generation of neural interfaces that focus on gesture recognition and neurophysiological insights. Pison leverages our patented electroneurography (ENG) platform to translate data generated from our body's natural physiological electricity stemming at the brain into machine interpretable events in software. This allows for never before seen intuitive control of any experience in the IoT universe and discovery of neurological correlations drawn from our proprietary AI and data sets. Pison's government, Department of Defense and Fortune 100 customers have a deep pipeline of pending projects fueling our growth. Pison's long term vision is to own the platform which translates human intention to machine-readable code. 
 
As a member of the Machine Learning team at Pison Technology, the Data Scientist will support the machine learning research and production pipelines through data collection, data cleaning, signal processing, and signal analysis. Additionally, the Data Scientist will work with machine learning engineers in model research/development and evaluation. The Data Scientist will not only collect/gather data used for training/tuning models and for performing benchmarking tests on these models to predict real-time performance, but will participate in carrying out these experiments. 
 
***Due to the nature of our work with the United States government, candidates must be US citizens.*** 
 
This position is located in our Boston, MA office. For the safety of our employees, we are currently working remotely and will return to the office in a hybrid fashion when deemed safe. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Design data collection protocols 
 Collect labeled signal data in accordance with the protocols 
 Collaborate with research, cloud, firmware, and software teams to progress research and aid model deployment 
 Process (relabel, filter, transform) collected data 
 Analyze data, including evaluating signal quality, performing feature analysis and visualization, and quantifying other data characteristics 
 Train and benchmark models to predict real-time gesture classification performance 
 
 About You: 
 
 Proficiency in Python and experience using signal processing, data analysis, matrix math, and machine learning frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit Learn, Scipy) 
 Experience in implementing signal processing techniques such as FFT's, CWT's, digital filters, etc. 
 Work in cloud based computing - AWS, Azure and/or GCP (preferred) 
 Knowledge of electro-physiology 
 
 Bonus: 
 
 Experience working with IMU sensor data 
 Experience in Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) 
 CV experience 
 Previous Start-Up experience 
 
 We understand that candidates can feel discouraged if they do not tick every box. We encourage you to apply. Pison is building a diverse team with people from all backgrounds who can help us build an inclusive organization. Pison 3 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Pison in Boston, MA Data Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pison Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
