
 
 
 
 Product Support, Real World Data - EMR - Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Support, Real World Data - EMR IBM 30,891 reviews Research Triangle Park, NC 27709 $132,000 - $239,000 a year  -   Full-time IBM 30,891 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $132,000 - $239,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
Ready to re-imagine the product management role? At IBM, as an Offering Manager, you are responsible for the full lifecycle of an offering: from validating need to determining the business model and defining the solution requirements. Going beyond the traditional focus of timetables and budgets, you use your keen insights into what customers want in their own business plan - and work across disciplines to build the best solutions to a problem. If being the CEO of your offering excites you, consider an offering management career at IBM. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The healthcare enterprise doesn’t have the infrastructure or purpose-built technology solutions to make sense of the exponentially growing supply of data. With the advent of genomic sequencing, for example, we have more data than ever and tremendous opportunity to accelerate development of precision medicines.
 
This opportunity is on the Life Sciences Team, which creates next generation RWD, cutting edge analytic tools, as well as wrap around research and consulting services to drive value for Life Sciences companies across the pharma continuum (from discovery to post-commercialization). You will be part of a team that that improves the discovery and commercialization of medicines and other healthcare treatments by: 
Marrying claims and clinical data with extraordinary technologies to deliver value, generate insights and innovate across the pharma value chain; 
Linking data across claims, electronic medical record (EMR) and other emerging data sources to drive insights that shape commercialization strategies; and, 
Delivering solutions to answer complex and never before undertaken questions about the future of healthcare and what is possible. 
The sub-segments of the Life Sciences continuum that we serve include pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, medical devices companies, research organizations, and contract research organizations. 
In this role you will lead the development of RWD and evidence strategies that incorporate multiple data assets and analytic tools, in order to bring innovative and scientifically robust data offerings to market. You will need excellent product, strategic, leadership, collaboration and communication skills, as well as an entrepreneurial mindset, to work with and through others, to reimagine the way data and analytics are productized for the life sciences market as well as other segments of healthcare. 
As Product Support for RWD - EMR, you will be accountable for the following: 
Oversee the execution of current in-house EMR proprietary data sets; 
Lead external technical conversations and support successful go-to-market (GTM) efforts; 
Develop and execute internal and external training for EMR tools; 
Maintain a firm grasp of the competitive landscape; 
Work across a cross functional team to successfully execute strategy; 
Work with various commercial partners to accelerate strategy and ensure that it anticipates and prepares for the inevitable rapid evolution of the healthcare marketplace; and, 
Represent EMR data assets in broader stewardship of data plays across the segments within Watson Health. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the anticipated compensation range for this position $132,000 to $239,000 is based on a full-time schedule. Your ultimate compensation may vary depending on your job-related skills and experience. For part time roles, the compensation will be adjusted appropriately. 
 
WHUS21 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Strong command of the complexities of EMR databases, how they are used by Life Sciences clients and how they are leveraged by research teams. 
Must have recent experience (past 3 years) serving the data and analytics needs of the life sciences industry, preferably in a cutting-edge organization with successful track record of innovation. 
Established track record in broad areas of RWD commercialization. 
Deep understanding of RWD, including emerging efforts in precision medicine, genomics and advanced analytics market. 
Master’s or Bachelor’s degree, in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Epidemiology, Data Science, or a related subject area. 
Ability to manage multiple stakeholders in a highly matrixed organization, with experience including sales, marketing and product development. 
Expertise in forwarding-thinking market analysis and industry SaaS best practices. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to communicate with individuals at various levels within the organization and external clients. 
Outstanding critical thinking, questioning, and listening skills; superior attention to detail. 
Ability to work both independently and within a team environment with ability to manage multiple individual and team tasks simultaneously, while completing work on time and on budget. 
Experience in the business development process including data assessment and deal negotiation. 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Strong command of life sciences industry’s needs for RWD and analytics, such as evidence needs for drug development, regulatory and market access, commercial performance of medicines in market, and post market surveillance. 
Exceptional proactiveness, problem-solving skills, and comfort with ambiguity. 
High results-orientation and commitment to quality. 
Ability to learn quickly and desire to take on increasing level of responsibility.
 Team-focused mentality and strong interpersonal skills. 
Ability to present information clearly, persuasively, and at the appropriate level of detail. 
Ability to ruthlessly prioritize, work under pressure/deadlines, and recognize areas of improvement to accomplish tasks effectively and efficiently. 
Excellent people skills: the ability to interact with colleagues, cross-functional teams, third parties, including clients, and senior-level/executive management. 
About Business UnitIBM’s Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM’s Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments—with complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Support jobs in Research Triangle Park, NC Jobs at IBM in Research Triangle Park, NC Product Support salaries in Research Triangle Park, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,891 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
