
 
 
 
 Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence (PhD) - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Visiting Researcher, Artificial Intelligence (PhD) Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Contract Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Facebook is seeking a Visiting Researcher through a short term contract to join Facebook AI Research (FAIR). We are committed to advancing the field of artificial intelligence by making fundamental advances in scientific methods and technologies to help interact with and understand our world. We are seeking individuals passionate in areas such as deep learning, computer vision, audio and speech processing, natural language processing, machine learning, reinforcement learning, computational statistics, computational cognitive (neuro)science, and applied mathematics. This position would be a fixed term for PhD students who will work in collaboration with Facebook and the University of California, Berkeley. Applicants are expected to be pursuing a PhD in one of the areas listed above.
 Perform research to advance the science and technology of intelligent systems. 
Perform research that improves computational understanding and representations for data. 
Devise data-driven models of human behavior. 
Influence progress of relevant research communities by producing publications. 
Collaborate and increase productivity on existing research projects. 
Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a PhD degree in a technical field such as Computer Science or Applied Mathematics. 
Knowledge in Machine Learning. 
Knowledge in a programming language. 
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods. 
Research and software engineer experience demonstrated via an internship, work experience, coding competitions, or open-source contributions. 
Knowledge in Python, Lua, C++, C, C# and/or Java. 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Researcher salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
