
 
 
 
 AI Fund - Principal - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Fund - Principal AI Fund Palo Alto, CA Who We Are: 
AI is the new electricity: Just as electricity transformed numerous industries starting 100 years ago, AI is now poised to do the same. AI Fund is a venture studio founded by Dr. Andrew Ng in 2017. Our portfolio companies utilize AI technology and applications to improve processes and efficiency. The AI Fund team combines their experiences as AI pioneers, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, investors, and operators. We are backed by a $176 million-dollar fund from top-tier VC firms. 
Our purpose is to build AI companies that move humanity forward. 
What We Seek: 
We are looking for an energetic Principal to join our investment team and help us identify the best early stage companies leveraging AI today and help our portfolio companies grow. As company builders, founders and investors ourselves we are looking to add a top new investment talent to our investment team to expand our investment practice. We welcome candidates who possess a growth mindset, strong analytical skills and ability to handle ambiguity. 
What You Will be Doing: 
Source early stage deal-flow.  You will be responsible for generating deal flow and finding interesting companies to invest in. You will also be expected to network with other industry professionals or entities that bring proprietary deal flow to the fund as well as proactively prospect for opportunities. 
Evaluate opportunities .  You will evaluate investment opportunities, determine key issues, leverage your network and firm resources to perform due diligence. To do this successfully, we expect you to be a smart and logical thinker, to be able to learn quickly, and to seek out expert opinions. 
Communicate with entrepreneurs and executives . To support deal sourcing and evaluation, you will communicate directly with entrepreneurs and executives. You will have to have to have strong people skills and strong communication skills, and be able to network and build rapport quickly. 
Perform due diligence for potential new investments.  You will be responsible for calling customer and personal references to validate companies and entrepreneurs and uncover any critical issues that we should consider in our investing.
 Facilitate investments and support company building efforts.  You will be responsible for investment memos, market analysis, financial models, and benchmarks that companies need to be aware of. You will attend board meetings as an observer, supporting the General Partner, and eventually on your own. 
 
 What You Must Bring: 
Must Haves: MBA or demonstrated success as an entrepreneur. At least two years of experience post-MBA working at a US growth technology company in a product or engineering role or at a venture capital firm doing early stage investments. Strong people skills and have the ability to interact professionally with company founders and executives. Be a self-starter that takes initiative and can get a lot done with relatively little direction. Strong analytical and verbal skills. 
Nice to Haves: AI and/or ML knowledge at a conceptual level.
 Entrepreneurial experience.
 Technical background, such as a technical undergraduate degree (engineering, math, science, and/or computer science) 
 
 
 At AI Fund, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. AI Fund believes that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as a company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. Selection for employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. 
You must already have, or be able to obtain, authorization to work in the country you will work from. 
 Collapse AI Fund 30+ days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at AI Fund in Palo Alto, CA Principal salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from AI Fund Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
