
 
 
 
 Principal Research Scientist - Artificial Intelligence - Pittsburgh, PA 15201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Research Scientist - Artificial Intelligence RE2 Robotics Pittsburgh, PA 15201 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description RE2 Robotics,  a leading developer of mobile manipulation systems, is seeking a  Principal Research Scientist (PRS)  specializing in   robotic autonomy and vision processing . The PRS will utilize his or her skills to lead programs and develop fully autonomous mobile manipulation systems that perform a variety of complex tasks in unstructured outdoor and underwater environments. 
Job Summary 
The PRS will be responsible for leading the technical development of projects and proposals focused on autonomy and vision processing algorithm development. In addition, the ideal candidate will have an entrepreneurial spirit to help shape the direction of the company in this important area, help develop business cases, write proposals, and lead teams/projects to further our autonomy applications.  At a fundamental level, the following requirements are absolute for this position: 
Ph.D. or M.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, or other related field with a minimum of 5 years of progressive research experience in artificial intelligence, automation, and/or vision processing 
Must have a minimum of 8 years of programming experience including C++ and Python
 Experience in working on robotic systems, preferably ROS 
Experience in developing and executing on project schedules and budgets for research-related work 
Must be U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident 
Responsibilities 
RE2 will look to the PRS to lead the research and development of projects in the areas of autonomous and vision-aided robotic systems, artificial intelligence, and control problems. The PRS will leverage their leadership, experience, and knowledge of artificial intelligence, computer vision, robotics, machine learning, optimization, and programming to develop autonomous robotic solutions to real world problems.
 The PRS will need to be able to clearly and convincingly communicate highly technical concepts both orally and in writing to a wide variety of people including colleagues, collaborators, corporate management, and customers. 
The PRS will be responsible for leading and managing research proposals and projects aimed at developing practical real-world robotic solutions. This includes technical project leadership as well as hands-on development of technology using programming skills and libraries such as OpenCV, Eigen, PCL (point cloud library), and TensorFlow. 
RE2 encourages extensive collaboration in our technology development teams, and the PRS will have the opportunity to work alongside a highly diverse team of mechanical engineers, electrical engineers, software engineers, systems engineers, project managers, and product managers to create robotic systems that expand the realm of the possible. 
Who We Are 
RE2 Robotics is a values-driven company that continuously strives to be great place to work. We invest in our team members through ongoing employee development and technical training. We foster an environment where all employees are empowered, trusted, and respected. And we recognize employee contributions on a regular basis. If you have a positive “can-do” attitude, enjoy working in a fast-paced tech environment, and value ownership in a growing company, then RE2 may be a good fit for you. 
Benefits and Perks 
RE2 offers competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package including maternity/paternity leave, flexible schedules, half-day Fridays, stock options, 401k plan, training, and professional development stipends, paid time off, and medical/dental/vision/life and disability insurance for all regular full-time employees. 
RE2 also offers our monthly lunches, free snacks, coffee, and espresso, holiday and summer parties, birthday bonuses, cell phone stipend, and more! 
RE2 is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. We believe there is great value in having a diverse workforce and we take pride in being an inclusive and accepting work environment for all people. 
RESUMES ACCEPTED IN PDF FORMAT ONLY. 
 H94xM4Z8cn RE2 Robotics 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Pittsburgh, PA Jobs at Robotics in Pittsburgh, PA Principal Scientist salaries in Pittsburgh, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RE2 Robotics RE2 Robotics develops mobile robotic technologies that enable robot users to safely interact with their world -- whether on the ground, i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
