
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Econ - Mountain View, CA 94043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist - Econ JD.com 19 reviews Mountain View, CA 94043 JD.com 19 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. JD.com is China's largest online retailer and its biggest overall retailer, as well as the country's biggest Internet company by revenue. JD.com sets the standard for online shopping through its commitment to quality, authenticity, and its vast product offering covering everything from fresh food and apparel to electronics and cosmetics. Its unrivalled nationwide fulfillment network provides standard same- and next-day delivery covering a population of more than 1 billion - a level of service and speed that is unmatched globally. In 2020, JD had 500M+ annual active consumers and net revenue of US$114.3B. JD.com is listed on the NASDAQ under the ticker "JD". In 2014, the year of its listing, this was the largest IPO on the NASDAQ. JD.com is a member of the Fortune Global 500 List. 
 
The ideal candidate for this position should have quantitative background with expertise in statistics or econometrics, and with a demonstrable understanding of causal inference methods. Individuals who are interested in more deeply understanding consumer behavior, "firm" behavior, and competition and who have a passion for solving complex business problems through the combined use of data, technology and strategy will thrive in our environment. The candidate will work with both the R&D team in Silicon Valley and the engineering/product teams in Beijing. Such cross-functional role will greatly promote the candidate's professional growth. 
 
 
Responsibility 
 
 Work with product and engineering teams to help suggest, support and shape new data-driven advertising, e-commerce and marketing products 
 Use causal inference methods to design and suggest experiments. Use data and cutting-edge methodologies to infer causality, assess attribution and answer strategic questions 
 Help product team crystallize research into strategic decisions and new products 
 Analyze the data from existing products to support the development of new functions and the iteration of product design 
 
 
Qualifications 
 
 Fluency in data manipulation and analysis (must know SQL/Hive/Pig; expert-level knowledge of at least one of R/Matlab/Python; familiarity with infrastructure for Big Data: Hadoop, MapReduce a plus) 
 Solid training in using advanced quantitative methods (statistics, econometrics, ML, RL, causal inference, experimentation). Hands-on project experience is a plus. 
 Must understand potential outcomes framework. Familiar with causal inference methods such as split-testing, instrumental variables, difference-in-difference methods, fixed effects regression, panel data models, regression discontinuity. Knowledge of structural econometric methods is a plus. 
 Experience in big data and interest in consumer behavior, e-commerce and related business questions 
 Master's degree (or above) in a quantitative, data-analytic field, especially economics, marketing, statistics and other related disciplines 
 
 
About JD-Technology and Data Center 
 
The JD – Technology and Data Center is part of JD Retail. The Technology and Data Center develops technologies and data solutions that powers JD's retail business. JD Retail Technology research group in Silicon Valley is focused on using science to suggest, support and shape new and existing data-driven promotion, e-commerce, and marketing products. We combine large-scale experimentation, statistical-econometric, machine learning and artificial intelligence tools with social-science, economics and computer science to find innovative ways to drive growth and monetization. Some of the problems we work on include causal evaluation, recommendation systems, targeting and pricing using applied economics, causal inference, deep learning and reinforcement learning methods. 
 
JD.com is an Equal Opportunity Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. JD.com 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at JD.com in Mountain View, CA Data Scientist salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from JD.com JD.com 19 reviews JD.com or Jingdong Mall (Chinese: 京东商城; pinyin: Jīngdōng Shāngchéng), formerly 360Buy, is a Chinese electronic commerce company headquart... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
