
 
 
 
 Open Rank Full Time Faculty: Analytics (Maine) - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open Rank Full Time Faculty: Analytics (Maine) Northeastern University 623 reviews Portland, ME Full-time Northeastern University 623 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job no:  503949 
 Position Type:  Faculty Full-time (Non-Tenure Track) 
 Location:  Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  College of Professional Studies 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and a world leader in experiential learning. The same commitment to connecting with the world drives our use-inspired research enterprise. The university offers a comprehensive range of undergraduate and graduate programs leading to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Our campuses in San Francisco, Silicon Valley, Seattle, Toronto, Vancouver, and Portland, ME are regional platforms for undergraduate and graduate learning and collaborative research. Northeastern pursues advanced research in security and materials at the Innovation Campus in Burlington, Massachusetts, and in coastal sustainability at the Marine Science Center in Nahant, Massachusetts. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
Northeastern University invites applications for a  non-tenure track, open-rank faculty position  located at The Roux Institute at Northeastern University, in Portland, Maine. The Roux Institute is designed as an engine of innovation, talent, and economic growth in Portland, the state of Maine, and the region. Partnership is what sets our education and research model apart. With leading companies at the table from day one, we are creating an agile workforce prepared to thrive in a competitive landscape powered by artificial intelligence as a force for good, and an environment for innovation in the life sciences and other high-growth sectors. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
Northeastern University, College of Professional Studies and the Roux Institute invite applications for a faculty position to support the Master of Professional Studies in Analytics degree program. The successful candidate will be appointed to a full-time, nontenure-track faculty position at the rank of assistant, associate or full Teaching Professor. Candidates with exceptionally distinguished professional backgrounds may be considered for the rank of Professor of the Practice. The position will remain open until filled by a qualified candidate. 
 
The mission of the Master of Professional Studies in Analytics program is to foster foundational analytics skills among working professionals and undergraduates, including managing data, conducting data analysis such as regression, forecasting, segmentation, optimization, data warehousing, data visualization, problem solving, and data story telling. This degree prepares students for entry- and mid-level roles in analytics-enabled jobs, such as Financial Analyst, Management Analyst, Research Associate, Business Intelligence Analyst, Data Mining Analyst, and Data Specialist. Furthermore, the degree prepares data driven decision makers like Chief Information Officers, Human Recourse Managers, and Marketing Mangers, to leverage data and insight to inform strategy and operational decisions. 
 
The degree is deeply rooted in experiential learning that is closely linked to professional applications in the work force and prepares the student with the opportunity to apply the learnings to professional domains or disciplines (e.g. business, marketing, research). 
 
The position offering is a full-time, non-tenure track, one-year renewable appointment as a faculty member (open rank). The candidate will be expected to teach as a content expert in analytics, with particular expertise in probability and statistics, big data and data management, descriptive and predictive analytics, data warehousing and data visualization. The mastery of selected advanced systems technologies (such as Python, R, SQL, Hadoop, and Machine Learning) is a must, knowledge about Artificial Intelligence is a plus. 
 
The position is based in Portland, ME. Courses are taught in multiple formats including online and hybrid. Faculty enjoy a collegial work environment that allows for work-life balance, and are expected to be available to students, whether in-person or online. They are however required to maintain office hours as directed and necessary and are asked to augment any asynchronous online programming with in-person experiences for their students. Faculty contribute to the College’s mission through teaching, service, and scholarship. The faculty member will report directly to the Faculty Director of the Domain Analytics & Enterprise Intelligence in the College of Professional Studies, matrixed to the Director of Professional Programs at the Roux Institute. 
 
This full-time, non-tenure track faculty member will teach a minimum of 6 courses in the Master of Professional Studies in Analytics, and the recently launched Applied Analytics Certificate throughout the academic year (teaching load is subject to periodic reviews by the Institute); actual course load may vary with other responsibilities, which include, but are not limited to the following: 
 
Program & Regional Support 
 
 Collaborate to develop customized learning programs and courses for Roux Partner Companies. 
 Collaborating with the Director of Professional Programs at the Roux Institute, and other academic leadership at the Institute, in collaboration with the College of Professional Studies, to develop and drive regional strategies for program expansion, including:
 Analyzing regional enrollment and retention data and developing strategies to achieve regional enrollment goals. 
 Reviewing and refining the program’s regional positioning and messaging documents. 
 Evaluating the fiscal viability of the regional program within the overall portfolio. 
 Promoting development of new degrees and certificates within the portfolio to meet demands of the marketplace. 
 Identifying enrollments goals for regional programs 
 Collaborating with the Director of Professional Programs at the Roux Institute to define processes and best practices for leveraging professional networks within the region to create deeper connections between stakeholders. 
 Creating local events to increase student connections to regional campus, on-ground student development, and expanding impact of curricular content within the market. 
 Representing the program in regional orientations, open houses, and tracking student progress. 
 In collaboration with the Director of Professional Programs at the Roux Institute, and other academic leadership at the Institute, identify and reach out to possible Co-op and experiential learning sponsors to establish relationships and define engagement. 
 Closely collaborate with other departments such as Academic Quality Assessment, Online Experiential Learning, Marketing, Enrollment, and Admissions. 
 Closely collaborate with other programs like Project Management at the Institute and across campuses. 
 
 
Curricular Oversight
 In conjunction with the Director of Professional Programs at the Roux Institute, and other academic leadership at the Institute,, developing and implementing course learning outcomes, curriculum maps, resource guides, textbooks, syllabi templates, and updated course materials; includes region specific coursework as desired. 
 Overseeing the instruction of specific courses within the curriculum. Responsibilities include supporting the Faculty Lead in the selection of instructors, advising on syllabi, and evaluating instructor performance. 
 Identifying and providing recommendations to keep curriculum relevant and industry leading. 
 Working with the Director of Professional Programs to ensure regional programs meet license/accreditation requirements and participate in comprehensive regional evaluations and periodic reviews. 
 In collaboration with the Director of Professional Programs, creating modularity guidelines and recommendations for program content integration across the programs and regional campuses. 
 
 
Faculty & Student Support 
 
 In coordination with the Director of Professional Programs, assess and enhance instructional quality of courses by offering follow-up coaching to regional part time faculty. 
 Collaborating with the Director of Professional Programs to recruit and vet qualified candidates for part time faculty positions. 
 Assisting the program in the onboarding of new regional part time faculty and maintaining ongoing communications and mentorship to gauge engagement within the program. 
 Providing opportunities for part time faculty to engage with program and college activities; seek their professional and curricular feedback. 
 Working with faculty and staff in providing advice regarding course selection as requested by Academic Advisors and/or Program Managers. 
 
 
CPS Support 
 
 Participating in program and faculty committee meetings as applicable. 
 Serving on committees that support the mission of the program and the vision of the College and wider University. 
 Canvas training through Northeastern University Online is required prior to teaching in the Analytics program. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Qualifications
 Terminal degree in Analytics or related field required. Degree must be conferred by the appointment start date. 
 The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5-7 years’ experience in a leadership role in advanced analytics. Knowledgeable about how to manage, analyze, communicate, visualize, and lead with Artificial Intelligence is a plus. 
 The successful candidate must demonstrate strong teaching abilities (both on-ground and online), and a dedication to continued improvement as an educator. Experience teaching at the master’s level, teaching and developing on ground and online courses, and proven success in working with international students are desired attributes. 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Previous work experience in analytics in the private sector is preferred. 
 
 Salary Grade: 
 
 FAC 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting research and teaching accomplishments and relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references. If the candidate wishes to be considered for a tenured position, the cover letter must provide a description of the rationale for such, in accordance with the qualifications listed above. 
 
Compensation is commensurate with qualifications. 
 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 Advertised:  06 Oct 2020 Eastern Daylight Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Faculty salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 623 reviews At Northeastern, experience is our essence and ethos. It’s what you gain when you make the world your classroom, your laboratory, and you... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
