
 
 
 
 Applied AI/ML Research Scientist | Spatial Perception Team - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied AI/ML Research Scientist | Spatial Perception Team Apple 10,409 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Employer actively reviewed job 5 days ago Apple 10,409 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Jul 6, 2021 
Role Number: 200264257 
We are a group applied AI/ML researchers and forward-thinking software engineers that develop CV/ML technologies for Apple new hardware as part of Video Computer Vision (VCV). Technologies such as FaceID and FaceKit, developed within VCV, have changed the way millions of users interact with their devices and brought computer vision to people’s lives like no other technologies. As part of Spatial Perception Team (SPT) we focus on people and scene understanding. We are developing 2D and 3D deep learning technologies that will help bring the 3D world into your devices utilizing our powerful LiDAR along with other sensors.
In this role, you will be working closely with similar minds in the team, where your skills and expertise will be put into the Apple products. The focus will be on building ML models, utilizing both images and depth information (such as point clouds), to solve exciting 2D and 3D problems related to people and scene understanding. You will be working closely with ML software engineers in the team that will help bring your prototypes to life and build new experiences on device. 
Key Qualifications 
Strong academic and publication record in computer vision. 
Solid programming skills with Python (Obj-C/C++ is a plus). 
Deep understand of deep learning algorithms and workflows. 
Familiarity with deep learning toolkits. 
Familiar with challenges associated with the transition of a prototype into a final product. 
Conceive proof of concept prototypes that establish overall system performance. 
Agile integration of deep learning, data collection and failure analysis. 
Designing and evaluating experiments supervising key performance measures. 
Visualization and deeper understanding of deep learning networks. 
Communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner. 
Description 
Are you passionate about building AI/ML products with focus on Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) applications? Are you passionate about solving hard problems? Video Computer Vision org at Apple is looking for machine learning researcher to join the team of highly accomplished and deeply technical scientist. You will design and implement new machine learning algorithms while collaborating with the most innovative product development teams at Apple. We provide the right balance between research and product to deliver Apple quality state of the art experiences on various apple devices.
You will have the opportunity to touch the life of millions of people through amazing products. Our team researches new machine learning algorithm and techniques and has a track record of shipping some of the most impactful CVML products ever shipped by Apple. Examples include FaceID, Animoji/Memoji, Scene Understanding, People Understanding and Positional Tracking (VIO/SLAM). We want new results-oriented team members to join our research ML group. In this role, we create new models and algorithms, and actively engage with the academic community.
You will also have the opportunity to give to impactful projects at Apple, and use your machine learning and computer vision skills to transfer your ideas into solutions for some of the most complicated technical problems in the next generation of products that will delight millions of people. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Research Scientist salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,409 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
