
 
 
 
 IT Specialist, CG-2210-15 - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Specialist, CG-2210-15 US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Washington, DC $157,374 - $243,500 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $157,374 - $243,500 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This position is non-supervisory and located in the CIOO, under the Chief Data Officer (CDO). The incumbent serves as a Senior It Specialist, providing leadership and strategic-level expertise in enterprise data, cloud data management and analytics, data strategy, and artificial intelligence / machine learning (AI/ML). 
 
Additional selections may be made from this vacancy announcement to fill identical vacancies that occur subsequent to this announcement. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Provides ongoing leadership for FDIC Center of Excellence/Community of Practice enterprise data and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML). Possesses expertise on matters pertaining to data strategy, data governance, data architecture, data management, data analytics, and cloud data modernization best practices. 
 Responsible for developing strategies, governance, architectures, and technologies that support modern, cloud-based, foundational, data management and data analytic, and artificial intelligence & machine learning (AI/ML) capabilities and ensures a holistic, enterprise approach is taken that enables the FDIC and IT organization to become more agile, innovative, and responsive to business needs. 
 Work collaboratively with FDIC business and IT stakeholders across the corporation in developing holistic, effective and responsive data-related strategies, architectures, data ecosystems and technologies to meet the corporations current and future business objectives and creating a culture where FDIC’s data becomes an enterprise-level resource. 
 Leads investment preparation and decision-making process, advocating for investments that are material to data strategy and business objective achievement. As required, creates business case, total cost of ownership (TCO) for new, modern, cloud-based data-related initiatives and programs. 
 Leads FDIC research, ideation, experimentation, planning and implementation: cloud based data and analytics, and artificial intelligence / machine learning initiatives where data, data analytics, governance, capabilities and strategy insights are needed. 
 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - Occasional travel required. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 15
 Job family (Series) 
 2210 Information Technology Management
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Registration with the Selective Service. 
 
U.S. Citizenship is required. 
 
Employment Conditions. 
 
Completion of Financial Disclosure may be required. 
 Qualifications 
 Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic, religious spiritual; community; student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Additional qualifications information can be found here. 
 
 To qualify, applicants must have completed at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the CG-14 grade level or above in the Federal service. Specialized experience is defined as defined as experience providing leadership for establishing and maturing an enterprise-wide Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) Center of Excellence/Community of Practice; driving the development and implementation of enterprise-level data, data analytics, AI/ML, and cloud strategic capabilities; and supporting the development of a comprehensive enterprise-wide cloud data management and analytics program, and ensuring cross-organizational collaboration. 
 
 You must have Information Technology (IT)-related experience which demonstrates proficiency in each of the following competencies: 
 Attention to Detail - Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail. 
 Customer Service - Works with clients and customers (that is, any individuals who use or receive the services or products that your work unit produces, including the general public, individuals who work in the agency, other agencies, or organizations outside the Government) to assess their needs, provide information or assistance, resolve their problems, or satisfy their expectations; knows about available products and services; is committed to providing quality products and services. 
 Oral Communication - Expresses information (for example, ideas or facts) to individuals or groups effectively, taking into account the audience and nature of the information (for example, technical, sensitive, controversial); makes clear and convincing oral presentations; listens to others, attends to nonverbal cues, and responds appropriately. 
 Problem Solving - Identifies problems; determines accuracy and relevance of information; uses sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives, and to make recommendations. 
 
 Applicants must have met the qualification requirements (including selective placement factors – if any) for this position within 30 calendar days of the closing date of this announcement. 
 
Applicants eligible for ICTAP (Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program) must achieve a score of 85 “well qualified” for this position. For more information, Click Here. 
 
 Education 
 There is no substitution of education for the experience for this position. 
 Additional information 
 To read about your rights and responsibilities as an applicant for Federal employment, click here. 
 
If selected, you may be required to serve a probationary or trial period as applicable to appointment type. 
 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 Your resume and the online assessment questionnaire will be reviewed, to determine whether you meet the qualification requirements outlined in this announcement. Therefore, it is imperative that your resume contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make the qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level. 
 
Your resume will also be evaluated to measure your responses to the assessment questions. If you rated yourself higher on the questionnaire than what is supported by your resume, your overall qualifications assessment may be adversely affected. 
 
Top ranked candidates will be referred to the selecting official for further review and consideration. 
 
The competencies/knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs) you will be assessed on are listed below. 
 
 Knowledge of current and emerging data, analytic, artificial intelligence / machine learning (AI/ML), and cloud technologies. 
 Knowledge of how other enterprises are applying AML and cloud technologies to drive IT modernization. 
 Skill in enterprise-level strategy design and implementation, strategic transformation. 
 Knowledge of principles, concepts, and methods of enterprise architecture to align information technology (IT) strategy, plans, and systems with the mission, goals, structure, and processes of the organization. 
 Knowledge of laws and regulations in order to develop system concepts that integrate business requirements, technology and environmental conditions into secure systems and corporate processes. 
 Skill influencing and negotiation in an environment where resources are not in direct control of this role. 
 Knowledge of other enterprises employing cloud technologies to drive digital business and how they may be applied to an organization to drive digital business and transformation. 
 
 You do not need to respond separately to these KSAs. Your answers to the online questionnaire and resume will serve as responses to the KSAs. 
 
 To preview questions please  click here . 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 High Risk (HR)
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 Failure to provide all of the required documentation as stated in this vacancy announcement, may result in an ineligible determination or may affect your consideration status. Please review the following to determine your eligibility and which document(s) is required to complete your application. 
 VETERANS’ PREFERENCE:  If you are claiming veterans’ preference, click here. (Note: Veterans must submit the Member 4 copy of the DD 214, Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty – or other copy showing the type of discharge/character of service [e.g., Honorable, Under Honorable Conditions, etc.] along with any other required documents (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, SF-15, etc.) to demonstrate veterans’ preference eligibility.) 
 
 INTERAGENCY TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (ICTAP):  If you are a displaced or surplus Federal employee eligible for consideration under the ICTAP, you must submit proof of eligibility. For more information, click here. 
 
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 In addition to the regular benefits offered by Federal agencies, the FDIC offers additional benefits to its employees. These benefits, some at minimal cost, are some of the best and most competitive in both the private and public sectors. 
 
To find out more, click here. 
 
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Individuals with disabilities
 Federal employees - Competitive service
 Current or former competitive service federal employees.
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 Land & base management
 Certain current or former term or temporary federal employees of a land or base management agency.
 Military spouses
 National Guard & Reserves
 Current members, those who want to join, or transitioning military members.
 Family of overseas employees
 Family members of a federal employee or uniformed service member who is, or was, working overseas.
 Peace Corps & AmeriCorps Vista
 Special authorities
 Individuals eligible under a special authority not listed above, but defined in the federal hiring regulations.
 Veterans
 Clarification from the agency 
 Applicants with status (i.e., current permanent Federal employees in the competitive service and former Federal employees with reinstatement eligibility); those eligible for appointment under special hiring authorities; and veterans eligible for a VEOA appointment. Applicants without status should apply under FDIC announcement 2021-HQD-B0352 to be considered. usajobs.gov 10 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Technician jobs in Washington, DC IT Technician salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
