
 
 
 
 Junior Data Scientist - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Data Scientist Meredith Corporation 158 reviews New York, NY Full-time Meredith Corporation 158 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Title
 Junior Data Scientist
 Job Description
 I. Job Summary  |  Major goals and objectives.
 Fascinated by the intersections of big data, cloud computing, Machine learning and NLP? If you are a creative problem solver and a high-performance, big data-savvy individual, consider joining Meredith Data Science Team as Junior data Scientist. You’ll join a progressive company leveraging the latest technologies to inspire people through web, app, video, and print platforms to be successful in their food, lifestyle, home and parenting endeavors. Our team is laser-focused on designing and building amazing, useful products to attract, retain, and delight our audience. At Meredith, we achieve daily and dream big.
 We’re seeking an accomplished teammate who thrives working in a collaborative, data-driven environment and is eager to collaborate and learn. As part of the team and larger data organization, you will help grow Meredith’s data science and advanced analytics practice, focusing on establishing descriptive and predictive models and leveraging terabytes of enterprise data and play a key role in data and AI strategy for a media organization whose brands’ reach is second to none.
 II. Essential Job Functions
 Weight  %  Accountabilities, Actions and Expected Measurable Results
 34%  Design ML models in a way that utilizes benefits of parallel processing on large datasets.
 Ensure data quality and develop tracking and reporting systems to determine the effectiveness of models, rules, and other risk initiatives and programs.
 33%  Leveraging big data technologies to aggregate and structure data, perform statistical analysis, and build algorithmic solutions for classification, taxonomy, LDA profiling and content Personalization.
 33%  Work with Rest APIs and various data collection endpoints to efficiently retrieve desired datasets and store data on owned cloud assets in a controlled, optimized, and documented manner.
 100%
 III. Minimum Qualifications and Job Requirements  |  All must be met to be considered.
 Education:
 MS or PHD in a mathematical, computational, or statistical field with 1- 2 years of experience (or BA/BS with 5 plus years of experience) in an area of subject matter knowledge which is transferrable to marketing, audience segmentation, content analytics, enterprise knowledge management, or digital growth.
 Experience:
 1 - 2 years of experience writing code and libraries/modules in R, Python, C or C++ for the purposes of data analysis, visualization, and predictive analytics.
 Experience in cloud frameworks such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure.
  1 - 2 years of experience using Statistical methods for hypothesis testing
 Must possess the ability and enthusiasm to learn our stakeholders’ problem sets and apply deeply technical knowledge and expertise to solve their most challenging problems.
 Experience with machine learning techniques.
 Experience with NLP.
 Experience with D3 (plus)
 Specific Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
 ESSENTIAL:
 Scripting Experience in Python and Experience with AWS CLI.
 Ability to perform one or more of the following core domain skills: machine learning (ML), natural language (NLP), texting mining, and statistical methods such as classification, association rules, sentiment, topic modeling, time-series, statistical inference, and validation method.
 Acts as the technical owner of projects that may require significant customization of existing analytic tools, techniques, processes or development of new ones.
 Ability to communicate at all levels of the organization, including verbal, written, listening, and presentation.
 Ability to successfully manage and deliver multiple projects in a deadline-driven environment.
 Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.
 Enthusiasm for food and lifestyle topics such as cooking, decorating, building and remodeling, crafts, entertaining, gardening, and parenting is highly desired. Passion for making life easier and more enjoyable.
 % Travel Required  (Approximate)  : None
 It is the policy of Meredith to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Meredith will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Accommodation requests can be made by emailing Meredith.Human.Resources@meredith.com.
 Meredith participates in the federal E-Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E-Verify program, please click here: http://www.uscis.gov/e-verify/employees
 #NMG# Meredith Corporation 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Meredith Corporation in New York, NY Junior Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Meredith Corporation Meredith Corporation 158 reviews The Meredith Corporation is an American media conglomerate based in Des Moines, Iowa, USA.  The company has two divisions, National Media... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
