
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Analyst - Johnston, RI 02919 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Analyst FM Global 139 reviews Johnston, RI 02919 FM Global 139 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview: 
FM Global is a leading property insurer of the world's largest businesses, providing more than one-third of FORTUNE 1000-size companies with engineering-based risk management and property insurance solutions. FM Global helps clients maintain continuity in their business operations by drawing upon state-of-the-art loss-prevention engineering and research; risk management skills and support services; tailored risk transfer capabilities; and superior financial strength. To do so, we rely on a dynamic, culturally diverse group of employees, working in more than 100 countries, in a variety of challenging roles. 
 
 
 Responsibilities: 
Please Note:  This position may be a Business Intelligence Analyst I, Business Intelligence Analyst II or Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst depending on skills and experience. 
Responsibilities: 
As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will provide analytical support through data analysis and knowledge management for FM Global and their internal and external customers. Extract and implement data analyses from various data collection systems to advance knowledge in improvements, efficiencies, and overall business experience. Determine which actionable insights can be extracted from the data and how we can use these insights to benefit our clients. Cleanse and transform data into innovative solutions to optimize descriptive analytics, business processes, reporting solutions, etc. Aid in the implementation of opportunities for emerging technologies (i.e. artificial intelligence, machine learning, SPSS, dashboards, etc.). Remain aware of system changes and resulting data impacts. Cultivate intellectual curiosity to advance business knowledge and technical skills 
You will gather data through multiple channels including various external sources and the company's underwriting, engineering, client services, marketing, claims and operations data. You will be expected to understand, interpret and communicate the impact to FM Global reflected in the results. This role will involve collaborative efforts in developing reporting solutions, improving data cleansing rules, modifying processes or data structures, creating dashboards and exploring innovative analytic solutions. 
 Qualifications: 
The ideal candidate shall possess 3-10+ years of professional experience in report modeling, data analysis, trending and interpretation utilizing statistical computing software, machine learning and data visualizations. Insurance knowledge and experience is preferred for BIA I, and required for higher levels. 
Demonstrated advanced analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills paired with Intellectual curiosity and aptitude in learning new technical skills; 
Proficient in data storytelling: transforming data into actionable insights; 
Superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to negotiate and influence successful outcomes with diverse business groups; 
Attention to detail with ability to deliver and support a quality service experience; 
Analyze new and existing data to understand, interpret and communicate results effectively. Perform analyses to identify trends, gaps and potential risks. Make strategic recommendations to improve business unit performance or enhance current processes; 
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel (pivot tables/charts, power pivot, advanced formulas, etc.); 
Experienced with writing/updating complex (SQL) queries to extract and merge data from a variety of sources; 
Demonstrated experience with industry report writers such as Einstein Analytics, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, Power BI, SSRS, or other BI reporting solutions; 
Ability to organize and prioritize concurrent projects. Effectively manages change and can quickly adapting to competing priorities; 
Ability to work effectively both autonomously and collaboratively; 
Find and execute new ways to leverage analytics to drive business performance 
Professional experience and/or knowledge in any of the following is desired: 
Statistical computing (R, Python, SPSS, etc.) 
Data Visualizations (Tableau, Power BI, etc.) 
Machine Learning (Tensorflow, SPSS, DataRobot, etc.) 
Google Analytics 
Agile methodology 
Compensation Grade and Job Title will be determined based on qualifications, experience and technical skillset. 
Education: 
A Bachelor of Science or equivalent degree is required in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business Administration, Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics/Statistics or related field. FM Global 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Johnston, RI Jobs at FM Global in Johnston, RI Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Johnston, RI Company Info Follow Get job updates from FM Global FM Global 139 reviews Established in 1835, FM Global is a mutual insurance company whose capital, scientific research capability and engineering expertise are ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
