
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Administrative Assistant, Siri Experience - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Administrative Assistant, Siri Experience Apple 10,187 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  May 6, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200223368 
Apple's Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) Admin Team is looking for an experienced Administrative Assistant to support our AI/ML leaders and their team. The successful candidate will have a proactive approach with the ability to work independently and collaboratively on a wide range of confidential and time-sensitive assignments. You will be part of a cohesive administrative environment, working as one team to meet the demanding needs of the AI/ML business. We seek a passionate teammate that will be an integral part of the continued success and growth within the organization. In this position, you'll provide administrative support for leadership at Apple Inc. We're seeking a collaborative team member with a friendly work style, who's well-organized, able to effectively multi-task & prioritize, and take initiative.
This role will be providing cross-functional administrative support to leaders in engineering, operations, and other key areas of AI/ML. 
Key Qualifications 
Minimum of 4+ years of Administrative Assistant experience supporting leadership, Sr Manager and above (high tech industry a plus) 
Experience with complex scheduling, travel, task management, facilities, teleconferencing, purchasing and day to day operations of their team 
Ability to work autonomously on assignments and handle sensitive and confidential information with integrity, discretion and utmost secrecy 
Experience in booking domestic and international travel itineraries 
Excellent written and verbal interpersonal skills and a strong sense of professionalism 
Proven track record of meeting deadlines and taking initiative to make confident and well-informed decisions 
Demonstrates an ability to anticipate needs and changes, then react with the best interest of the business in mind 
Excellent organization skills, acute attention to detail, ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced and time sensitive environment 
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to build relationships cross-functionally 
Proficiency in Apple products and programs such as iCal and Keynote; knowledge of Excel preferred but not required 
Possess a “can-do” attitude for all situations, no task too big or too small to handle 
Extraordinary work ethic while balancing the needs of the individuals and the business 
Calm under pressure, sense of humor and good with people 
Experience planning, managing, and executing a large-scale event 
Description 
You will be an Administrative Assistant to our AI/ML leaders and his/her team while also being part of the larger admin support team for the organization. Daily activities will include challenging calendar management, organizing meetings and video/conference calls while actively utilizing your keen problem-solving abilities as challenges arise. Scheduling both domestic and international travel and arranging for team off-sites and events will be regular tasks while working closely with other admins and teams to coordinate meetings or collaborate on fun team events. Working with the broader team, you will contribute to a fun and creative approach to team needs and activities and be a champion for team morale. We are looking for an ambitious and highly organized individual who enjoys solving problems in creative ways and shines in a fast-paced and fun environment. 
Additional Requirements 
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. Apple 2 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Administrative Assistant jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Administrative Assistant salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,187 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
