
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Wayzata, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Cargill 4,927 reviews Wayzata, MN Cargill 4,927 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Want to build a stronger, more sustainable future and cultivate your career? Join Cargill's global team of 160,000 employees who use new technologies, dynamic insights and over 154 years of experience to connect farmers with markets, customers with ingredients, and people and animals with the food they need to thrive.
 Job Purpose and Impact
 
The R&D Data Scientist will work collaboratively in multidisciplinary teams to develop proof of concepts, minimum viable products and fully deployable solutions. In this role, you will create predictive and optimization models that help deliver significant value to our businesses and functions. Data Scientist Position
 
Want to work at the forefront of artificial intelligence and agriculture? Cargill has a significant presence across agricultural supply chains. With that footprint comes massive amounts of data that can inform us about markets and ways to improve our business practices. This position will be part of the Engineering and Data Sciences team and will bring strong technical skills to our data science capabilities. You will work in a multidisciplinary team exploring, connecting, and mining data. You will develop models using algorithms for pattern detection and optimization. In this position you will be managing projects that use advanced analytics and machine learning techniques, such as prediction and forecasting, classification and computer vision, reinforced learning, and probabilistic programming, to develop solutions that help deliver significant value to Cargill’s businesses and functions. Candidates will be exposed to a wide spectrum of high visibility projects ranging from sales effectiveness, competitive excellence, operational efficiency, sourcing and procurement, supply-chain optimization to trading and financial analysis. Key Accountabilities
 
Continuously seek out best practices and develop skills.
 Work on multidisciplinary teams of data engineers, software engineers, data scientists, and business subject-matter experts to deliver projects on time and within budgets.
 Translate ambiguous business problems into project charters clearly identifying technical risks and project scope.
 Take ownership for the entire data science workflow including well defined project scoping, exploratory data analysis, model development, deployment and monitoring.
 Independently solve moderately complex issues with minimal supervision, while escalating more complex issues to appropriate staff.
 Other duties as assigned Qualifications
 Minimum Qualifications
 Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university in Data Science, Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Machine Learning, Statistics or related field is required
 Successfully completed the Cargill R&D Internship program in the past
 Confirmed ability to present to non technical audiences
 Strong python programming skills
 Experience in a minimum of two machine learning algorithms approaches: unsupervised, supervised and reinforcement learning
 Other minimum qualifications may apply
 Preferred Qualifications
 Master's degree or PhD in Data Science, Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Machine Learning, Statistics or related field is strongly preferred
 Strong data visualization skills
 Strong SQL skills
 Experience working with continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD) pipelines
 Experience working with Hadoop and other distributed computing frameworks
 Experience working with AWS
 Experience in software development environment and code management or versioning
 Experience in agriculture Job Location
 
Wayzata, MN
 
Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Vet. Cargill 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Wayzata, MN Jobs at Cargill in Wayzata, MN Data Scientist salaries in Wayzata, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cargill Cargill 4,927 reviews Cargill provides food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, govern... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
