
 
 
 
 Post-Doctoral Associate - Minneapolis, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post-Doctoral Associate University of Minnesota 1,264 reviews Minneapolis, MN Full-time University of Minnesota 1,264 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Candidate must have a PhD degree in mechanical engineering, civil and environment engineering, aerospace engineering, applied mathematics, computational sciences, atmospheric sciences, physical oceanography, or a related field. Experience with computational and/or theoretical fluid mechanics research along with a strong publication record is required. Excellent communication skills in English are preferred.
 We are seeking post-doctoral researchers for positions in the St. Anthony Falls Laboratory. The successful candidates will perform research in one or more of the following areas: 
 Water Waves : Theoretical analysis and numerical simulation of nonlinear water wave dynamics, in the areas of wave-current interaction, interaction between internal and surface waves, air-sea interaction, nonlinear broadband wind-wave evolution, and coastal wave dynamics.
 Turbulent Boundary Layers and Atmospheric Flows : Fundamental fluid dynamics of high Reynolds number turbulent boundary layers, turbulent boundary layers at wavy surfaces, LES of atmospheric surface layer over complex terrains, coastal land-air-sea interaction, internal boundary layers, and LES data based parameterizations for mesoscale numerical weather prediction models. 
 Offshore Wind Energy : LES of wind/wave/windfarm interaction and floating wind turbine dynamics, and reduced-order modeling of offshore wind turbines and wind farms for their control and optimization. Note that the postdoc working on offshore wind energy is also expected to contribute to the research on marine atmospheric boundary layers.
 Multiphase Flows : High-fidelity simulations of gas-liquid two-phase flows and particle-laden turbulence. Applications of study include free-surface flows, interfacial mass and heat transfer, bubbly flows, breaking waves, sea spray droplets and aerosols, and the thermal and phase-change processes therein.
 Data-Driven Modeling and Scientific Computing :   Machine learning, artificial intelligence, and reduced-order modeling in fluid mechanics research with a focus on the above areas. Quantum computing for computational fluid dynamics.
 Responsibilities include conducting computational and theoretical fluid mechanics research, publishing scientific papers, and assisting supervisor in grant application, project reporting, and student supervision. The initial appointment is for the period of one year. The appointment is renewable up to six years in total, pending the availability of funds and satisfactory performance and progress review. 
The positions are located in the St. Anthony Falls Laboratory (SAFL), an interdisciplinary fluid mechanics research center of the College of Science and Engineering. SAFL research is focused on fundamental fluid dynamics and the intersection of fluid mechanics with major societal challenges in energy, environment and health. The lab integrates cutting-edge experimental work at laboratory and field scales with advanced computational tools and theory to obtain innovative, science-based solutions to fluid-flow challenges. 
Research is led at SAFL by 17 full-time faculty members with appointments in Departments of Civil, Environmental, and Geo- Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Earth Sciences, and Aerospace Engineering and Mechanics in the College of Science and Engineering, as well as in the Department of Ecology, Evolution and Behavior in the College of Biological Sciences. SAFL personnel includes research and support staff members, postdoctoral associates, graduate students, as well as visiting researchers and undergraduate interns conducting research at SAFL. 
Applications must be submitted online. To be considered for this position, please click the Apply button and follow the instructions. You will be given the opportunity to complete an online application for the position and attach a cover letter, resume, and the names and contact information for three professional references. 
Additional documents may be attached after application by accessing your "My Job Applications" page and uploading documents in the "My Cover Letters and Attachments" section. 
To request an accommodation during the application process, please e-mail employ@umn.edu or call (612) 624-UOHR (8647). 
The University recognizes and values the importance of diversity and inclusion in enriching the employment experience of its employees and in supporting the academic mission. The University is committed to attracting and retaining employees with varying identities and backgrounds. 
The University of Minnesota provides equal access to and opportunity in its programs, facilities, and employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, gender, age, marital status, disability, public assistance status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. To learn more about diversity at the U: http://diversity.umn.edu. 
Any offer of employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Our presumption is that prospective employees are eligible to work here. Criminal convictions do not automatically disqualify finalists from employment. 
The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC) 
The University of Minnesota, Twin Cities (UMTC), is among the largest public research universities in the country, offering undergraduate, graduate, and professional students a multitude of opportunities for study and research. Located at the heart of one of the nation's most vibrant, diverse metropolitan communities, students on the campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul benefit from extensive partnerships with world-renowned health centers, international corporations, government agencies, and arts, nonprofit, and public service organizations. University of Minnesota 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Minneapolis, MN Jobs at University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, MN Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Minneapolis, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Minnesota University of Minnesota 1,264 reviews At the University of Minnesota Twin Cities, we seek new knowledge that can change how we all work and live. We prepare students to meet t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
