
 
 
 
 Digital Specialist - Las Colinas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Digital Specialist Microsoft 7,267 reviews Las Colinas, TX Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Small, Medium, and Corporate team helps businesses achieve their digital transformation goals by matching customer challenges with Microsoft solutions. Located in a Digital Sales center, you will help our specialists and managed customers in the Eastern USA to identify their needs and opportunities. You will help specialists get customers to the cloud by leveraging Microsoft's Azure Data and AI portfolio. 
As an Azure Data & AI Client Principal you will be a senior solution sales leader within our Small, Medium and Corporate business, leading a virtual team of specialists to advance the sales process and achieve/exceed quarterly Data & AI revenue and usage/consumption targets in all East US Digital accounts. You will be a trusted advisor and a Data & AI subject matter expert with core capability and expertise in Data Modernization, Analytics and AI. You will work with specialists and customers to leverage data to help them achieve their business priorities and help guide customer’s journey through Analytics-led Azure Data transformation. You will help customers evaluate their applications and business requirements, recommend solutions that meet their requirements and demonstrate these solutions to win the technical decision. You will need to support specialists to remove roadblocks to deployment and drive customer satisfaction. You will help our specialists take advantage of our various programs and offers to land new business opportunities with their customers. 
Responsibilities 
Sales Execution 
Engages in conversations with customers to introduce how other workloads could enable digital transformation areas that is aligned with the customer's industry and turns opportunities into deals. Has a deep understanding of customers' business and its priorities to drive conversations with customers on digital transformation across multiple solution areas, in collaboration with partners and services. Creates guiding examples of digital transformation through seminars, workshops, Webinars, and direct engagement. 
Collaborates with team members to discover new opportunities. Drives incremental revenue growth through personal campaigns (e.g., portfolio analysis) or internal sources (e.g., marketing, account teams). Collaborates with account teams, partners, or services to track, qualify, and expand new opportunities. Collaborates with other teams (e.g., account teams) and services to build pipeline. Interfaces with customers and builds relationships via social selling. Applies Microsoft's sales process (MSP) to determine the quality of the opportunity and whether to proceed. 
Identifies opportunities to drive consumption and grow business with existing customers by initiating conversations, providing demos or quotes, and collaborating with partners or internal teams (e.g., Technical Sales Professionals, global black belts [GBBs]); for licensing transactions and project engagements, ensures rapid and robust deployment plan at point of sale that is validated by services and partners. Identifies, articulates, and facilitates the removal of blockers to consumption by partnering with internal and external stakeholders. 
Identifies customer business needs and technology readiness. Contributes to the development of solutions in collaboration with internal teams, partners, and services. Proposes prioritized solutions that align with customers' needs. Articulates the business value of proposed solutions. 
Proactively builds external stakeholders' mapping. Collaborates with account teams (e.g., Account Executives) to identify and engage senior business subject matter decision makers at the customer's/partner's business. 
Implements strategies to accelerate the closing of deals. Contributes input on strategies to drive and close prioritized opportunities. Coaches junior team members in deal plan execution. Implements close plans (e.g., how to map timeline, engage the customer, get customer buy in and commitment) to de-risk and drive predictable deal closure. 
Scaling and Collaboration 
Collaborates with GPS and with a network of partners to cross-sell, up-sell, and co-sell. Identifies and supports on-boarding new partners by researching and discussing customer scenarios. Provides feedback to OCP on partner gaps. Develops joint proposals and consumption plans with partners. Contributes to developing partner strategies to address gaps in partner capabilities. 
Applies the orchestration model to proactively drive deal closure by identifying and aligning internal stakeholders and leveraging and expanding relationships with partners. 
Technical Expertise 
Collaborates with the "compete" global black belts (GBBs) to analyze competitor products, solutions, and/or services and implements strategies to position Microsoft against competitors in customer communication. Proactively provides analysis of the competitive landscape in supported solution area. Evaluates opportunities and makes recommendations on pursuit or withdrawal. 
Sales Excellence 
Collaborates with partners and resources and leverages customer insights or industry knowledge. Contributes to exploring business and emerging opportunities to optimize the portfolio and support customer innovation. 
Reviews feedback report and coaches others on ensuring customer/partner satisfaction and decreasing dissatisfaction by establishing recovery action plans to improve clients' overall experience. Manages and/or orchestrates sales and delivery success through the account team and pursuit team. 
Engages with internal and external stakeholders on business planning, rhythm-of-business (ROB) meetings to review and plan for accounts in the assigned territory. 
Collaborates with extended sales team, partners, and marketing to conduct business analysis (e.g., whitespace analysis, identify industry trends) to pursue high-potential customers and develop a target list of potential business. 
Manages the end-to-end business of the assigned territory. Cnducts forecasting for accounts and develops a portfolio and territory plan to drive intentional selling aligned with strategic priorities. 
Be the main point of contact for Microsoft's customers, leading the sales strategy, overcoming objections and negotiating success 
Meet and exceed targets for net-new revenue and sales pipeline, as well as a monthly and quarterly forecast for cloud solution sales; accurately forecast sales, pipeline and usage for the products and solutions in your scope 
Obsess over Microsoft’s customers and prospects to deliver a world-class customer engagement experience 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
6+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
OR Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Business Administration, or related field AND 5+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience. 
 Additional or Preferred Qualifications 
8+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
OR Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, or related field AND 6+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
OR Master's Degree in Business Administration (e.g., MBA), Information Technology, or related field AND 5+ years of technology-related sales or account management experience 
3+ years of digital solution sales or consulting services sales experience. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Specialist jobs in Las Colinas, TX Jobs at Microsoft in Las Colinas, TX Specialist salaries in Las Colinas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
