
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Functional Specialist/Subject Matter Expert (0821F) - Arlington, VA 22209 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Functional Specialist/Subject Matter Expert (0821F) Redhorse Corporation 48 reviews Arlington, VA 22209 Redhorse Corporation 48 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Artificial Intelligence Functional Specialist/Subject Matter Expert 
 About the Organization 
 Now is a great time to join Redhorse Corporation. Redhorse specializes in developing and implementing creative strategies and solutions with private, state, and federal customers in the areas of cultural and environmental resources services, climate and energy change, information technology, and intelligence services. We are hiring creative, motivated, and talented people with a passion for doing what's right, what's smart, and what works. 
 Position Description 
 Redhorse Corporation is actively seeking an  Artificial Intelligence (AI) Enterprise Functional Specialist (FS)/Subject Matter Expert (SME)  to join a Deputy Secretary of Defense-directed, OUSD(I&S)-led initiative to bring increased artificial intelligence capability to the Defense Intelligence Enterprise (DIE), primarily through the acquisition or development of computer vision algorithms capable of performing a number of automated tasks. The AI Enterprise FS/SMEs on this task will be high performing individuals who desire to work on the cutting edge of AI and deep learning and make a transformational difference to the DIE. Contractors will be experienced operating within fast-paced, challenging, multi-faceted projects supporting multiple lines of effort. 
 Tasks, duties, and responsibilities include: 
 Possessing enterprise-wide knowledge and in one or more designated functional or domain areas of joint PED, Army PED, Air Force (AF) PED, Navy PED, Marine PED, information assurance, Maritime operations, medium altitude, high altitude, data, test & evaluation, captured enemy materials, artificial intelligence work, engineering and integration, acquisition lifecycle and management, publicly available information/social media. 
 Providing insight and advice concerning strategic direction and applicability of industry standard solutions. 
 Providing specific expertise in support of the creation of comprehensive methods for describing current and future strategic milestones of the project. 
 Overseeing major functions, disciplines, or segments of a program relating to resources and network architecture and design, database planning and design, systems analysis, engineering, network services, conversion and implementation support, project management, data management, and other business, engineering, and information technology related services. 
 Planning all aspects of project performance including full responsibility for long-range planning. Utilizing functional area expertise gained through direct industry experience to assess the operational and functional baseline of an organization and its critical components. Working with senior managers and executives to provide industry vision and strategic direction regarding their enterprise. Guiding the determination of information technology inadequacies and/or deficiencies that affect the functional area’s ability to support/meet organizational goals. 
 Generating functional area strategies for enhanced Information Technology (IT) operations in a cross-functional area mode throughout the organization. Participating in account strategy sessions, strategic assessments, and design reviews to validate enterprise approach and associated work products. Coordinating resolution of highly complex problems, organizational dynamics, and tasks, possessing ability to meet and operate under deadlines. 
 Overseeing plans for automated data processing systems from project inception to conclusion. Analyzing user needs to determine requirements and conducts feasibility studies. Identifying resources required for each task. Supervising a large support staff and/or serve as liaison to client staff. Providing strategic guidance to other technical staff in areas such as specifications, architectures, and information system design. Researching developments in field of expertise and applying them to the client environment, including emerging technologies, lessons learned, best practices, and assessment methodologies. Interfacing with client personnel at all organizational levels. Developing white papers and system documentation. Converting functional specifications to technical specifications. 
 Providing professional support in conducting Federal acquisition management to include acquisition planning assistance, including market research, and recommending procurement strategy; acquisition document development, including cost/price estimates, quality assurance surveillance plans, statements of work, synopses, and solicitations. Providing expert assistance in supporting proposal evaluations, including price/cost analysis or technical proposal analysis; contract administration support services, including assistance with reviewing contractor performance, developing contract modifications, and investigating reports of contract discrepancies; contract close-out assistance. Knowledge of intellectual property licensing is preferred. 
 Basic Minimum Requirements for Skills, Experience, Education and Credentials include: 
 Master’s degree from an accredited college or university in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting, STEM, or computer science/engineering with 6 years of experience in any combination of military/government/civilian, or contractor experience with government  or  bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with 8 years of experience in any combination of military, civilian, or contractor experience with government or DoD is required. 
 Enterprise-wide knowledge and in one or more designated functional or domain areas of joint PED, Army PED, AF PED, Navy PED, Marine PED, information assurance, Maritime operations, medium altitude, high altitude, data, test & evaluation, captured enemy materials, artificial intelligence work, engineering and integration, acquisition lifecycle and management, publicly available information/social media, is highly desired. 
 Current Top Secret SCI security clearance is required. 
 Redhorse Corporation shall, in its discretion, modify or adjust the position to meet Redhorse’s changing needs. 
 This job description is not a contract and may be adjusted as deemed appropriate in Redhorse’s sole discretion. 
 EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled Redhorse Corporation 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Specialist jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Redhorse Corporation in Arlington, VA Intelligence Specialist salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Redhorse Corporation Redhorse Corporation 48 reviews Redhorse Corporation seeks to improve the way government interacts with and uses data and technology in the national security, energy, an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
