
 
 
 
 ASSISTANT PROFESSOR - Madison, WI 53706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search ASSISTANT PROFESSOR University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Madison, WI 53706 Full-time University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 The Department of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison seeks to fill four new faculty positions in two focus areas (1) machine learning, AI, and data-driven approaches to modeling, simulation, and design; and (2) robotics, controls, and automation.
 
 
The first focus area is tied to the topics of data-driven approaches, artificial intelligence, and machine-learning as manifested in design, modeling, and simulation within Mechanical Engineering. The department is particularly interested in candidates whose research in this focus area can address fundamental challenges in topics including but not limited to: topological design; human-centric product design; simulation of large-scale, complex dynamical systems; design of cyber-physical systems; control of dynamic systems; multi-physics modeling and simulation; reduced order modeling; and high-dimensional optimization.
 
 
The second focus area of interest is tied to the broad topics of robotics, controls, and autonomous systems. The department is particularly interested in candidates whose research is focused on the design, modeling, dynamics, and control of robotic systems. Research in these areas would lead to breakthroughs in challenging applications such as: autonomous robots and vehicles operating in complex and unstructured environments; manipulation in complex tasks; mobility in water, air, land, or space environments; and human-robot cooperation. The department is particularly interested in candidates who, by drawing on a strong analytical foundation, would leverage the experimental assets in the College of Engineering?s new Robotics and Autonomous Systems facility to solve societally impactful engineering problems.
 
 
The department is particularly interested in candidates who transcend the traditional boundaries of Mechanical Engineering and can bring into the research effort insights from Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related disciplines to holistically address high impact societal problems related to the areas described above. When applying, the candidates are encouraged to specify in the cover letter which of the above two areas his/her research is better aligned with. Candidates can also choose to specify both areas if appropriate.
 
 
The UW-Madison College of Engineering strives to foster a respectful, diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment. Candidates with specific goals and plans that advance this mission are strongly encouraged to apply. 
 
 Principal Duties: 
 
 Teaching and developing undergraduate and graduate courses; mentoring graduate students and supervising their research; developing and directing a strong, extramurally funded research program; participating in departmental and university faculty governance; and contributing to professional and public service. 
 
 Institutional Statement on Diversity: 
 
 Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. 
 
The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world. 
 
For more information on diversity and inclusion on campus, please visit: Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Degree and Area of Specialization: 
 
 PhD in Mechanical Engineering or a closely related field, with demonstrated excellence in research and teaching. 
 
 Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience: 
 
 Candidates will have a distinguished academic record, exceptional potential in establishing a world-class research program and a commitment to high-quality undergraduate and graduate instruction. 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 The department is strongly committed to having a diverse faculty and student body. Women and under-represented candidates are strongly encouraged to apply. 
 
 Department(s): 
 
 A196200-COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING/MECHANICAL ENGR 
 
 Work Type: 
 
 Full Time: 100% 
 
 Appointment Type, Duration: 
 
 Ongoing/Renewable 
 
 Anticipated Begin Date: 
 
 AUGUST 22, 2022 
 
 Salary: 
 
 Negotiable
 
ACADEMIC (9 months) University of Wisconsin–Madison 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, WI Assistant Professor salaries in Madison, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Wisconsin–Madison University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Work for a world-class educational and research institution, located in one of America's best places to live! The University of Wisconsin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
