
 
 
 
 Head of Financial Crimes - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Head of Financial Crimes Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews Boston, MA 02210 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
You will report to the Head of Enterprise Compliance and be responsible for managing and coordinating the delivery and execution of a comprehensive Bank Secrecy Act (BSA)/AML program for Fidelity’s businesses in the US. The Financial Crimes Compliance team is responsible for: 
Establishing and maintaining enterprise and legal entity AML programs reasonably crafted to achieve compliance with applicable regulations. 
Coordinating and overseeing execution of a global Sanctions program and a global anti-corruption program. 
Performing screening and transactional surveillance activities, including CIP, Customer Due Diligence/Enhanced Due Diligence, sanctions screening and suspicious activity and money movement surveillance. 
Implementing and using sophisticated technologies and analytical capabilities harnessing data to enable industry-leading surveillance and detection capabilities. 
Collaborating closely with critical partners, including compliance and Global Security partners, senior business leaders, regulators and internal audit. 
The Expertise You Have
 Deep securities industry knowledge including comprehensive understanding of AML, Global Sanctions and GACP regulations 
10+ years of BSA/AML compliance or related financial crimes experience or comparable experience at a law firm, regulatory agency, financial institution, major consulting firm or in law enforcement 
Experience in a senior Financial Crimes compliance role in the securities and/or asset management industry, with demonstrated ability to operate across diverse business units, innovative product sets and a broad array of customer segments, is preferred 
Experience managing teams performing operational functions and complex technology projects 
Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (ACAMS)/Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE)/Certified AML and Fraud Professional (CAFP) is a plus 
Experience in interacting with regulators, including the SEC, FINRA, FinCEN and NY DFS 
The Skills You Bring
 Executive level presence, communication and organizational skills to effectively influence firm leadership on prudent courses of action. 
Outstanding leadership and management skills who can recruit, retain, mentor and develop talent. 
Significant experience leading enterprise programs including operational and surveillance functions. 
Business and technology savvy strategic problem solver who drives innovative regulatory and technology solutions. 
Collaborates through a proactive/constructive dialogue with senior management, peer leaders, clients, audit committees and regulators. 
High-energy, positive, and entrepreneurial in spirit, while goal-oriented and results-driven. 
Balances pace over perfection with a risk-based lens that separates the important from the trivial. 
Impactful communicator who is direct, plain spoken, and “tells it like it is” with a genuine/authentic demeanor, while enabling candid debate. Knows when and how to raise problems. 
Unassailable integrity with strength of character to express opinions and challenge the status quo. 
The Value You Deliver
 Regulatory Compliance  – Execute and lead all aspects of the financial crimes regulatory strategy and program across Fidelity legal entities, proactively engaging with business leaders and securities regulators to ensure compliance with a diverse set of regulations. 
Support New Business & Product Growth  – Partner with business and technology leaders to engage Compliance at the right inflection points with a bias for speed and execution, while maintaining Fidelity’s strong compliance environment. 
Talent  – Evaluate, upgrade and encourage talent across a team of compliance, operational and analytics professionals. Success will depend on identifying and developing high quality successors for key roles, developing needed skills, crafting a culture of inclusion, and growing associate mobility. 
Technology  – Help drive a compliance technology strategy that will effectively and efficiently meet regulations, support businesses, and enable compliance/operational teams. This will require driving a data strategy that embraces data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence for proactive anomaly detection. 
Communication & Metrics  – Focus on improving compliance analytics, metrics, transparency and communications by using dashboards and business forums that galvanize leaders to action 
Company Overview
 At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our  diverse and inclusive  workplace 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. Find your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. 
We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Head of Finance jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Boston, MA Head of Finance salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,014 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
