
 
 
 
 Principal Program Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Program Manager Microsoft 7,267 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,267 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Project Bonsai is part of the Business AI team within Microsoft Technology and Research. The Bonsai product integrates machine teaching, reinforcement learning and simulation into a complete tool chain for enterprise customers to build, train, and deploy intelligent autonomous systems. Today these systems span include industrial use cases including manufacturing process optimization, supply chain optimization, building energy control and others. 
The Bonsai Cultivate program consults the largest enterprise clients about how to select use cases for Autonomous AI, design Autonomous AI and build and Autonomous AI practice inside their organization. The methodology that powers this consulting is Machine Teaching: techniques for incorporating existing expertise to training more effective, explainable, and deployable decision-making AI. 
The Principal PM is the face of the Cultivate consulting program, will interface with executive level stakeholders at Fortune 500 companies and in the Microsoft field. The PM will manage the portfolio of engagements with the final goal of setting up Autonomous Systems centers of excellence that solve problems at scale with our machine teaching methods and toolchain. This is a management consulting role. 
Responsibilities 
Responsibilities 
Manage portfolio of Cultivate engagements and secure new engagements (commitments to fund, staff and build Autonomous Systems Centers of Excellence). 
Lead end-to-end consulting sessions and workshops on digital transformation, the role of AI, combining AI with subject matter expertise and autonomous systems. 
Coordinate with the Microsoft field organization on account strategy. 
Write the playbook for end-to-end rollout of Autonomous Systems Centers of Excellence under Bonsai Cultivate. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications 
Bachelor’s level degree in Mechanical, Chemical, Aeronautical, Aerospace, Electrical or Controls Engineering, or Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science 
2+ years of client facing technical consulting with a top global consulting firm 
Preferred Qualifications 
Demonstrated consulting practice leadership 
Proven track record of securing consulting or digital transformation engagements 
A roll-up your sleeves, customer-focused, get-it-done attitude with the aptitude, passion, and curiosity to secure engagements from a wide variety of industry vertical and client types 
Excellent presentation and communication skills 
Experience consulting executives on AI strategy 
Ability to breakdown deeply technical topics into digestible concepts for varying audience types (spanning architects to executives) and levels of technical proficiency 
Teaching or trainer experience in an academic or professional setting 
Prior experience with consulting in the following areas 
Artificial Intelligence or Machine Learning technology 
Industrial verticals including manufacturing, energy, chemicals, mining or automotive 
Control Systems, Advanced Process Control (APC), Model Predictive Control, PID Control systems, or similar products/solutions 
Domestic travel expected 25% with intermittent international travel (eventually). 
The final candidate may work from Berkeley, CA or Bellevue, WA. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Program Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Principal Program Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,267 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
