
 
 
 
 Data Scientist II - Pasadena, CA 91109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Data Scientist II JPL/NASA Pasadena, CA 91109 Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Details 
New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL. 
Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
Responsibilities 
Are you intrigued about artificial intelligence and autonomous systems? 
Be part of the team leading the development of innovative space technologies such as self-piloting and onboard science processing systems! 
The Artificial Intelligence Group works on fundamental research problems leading to unique software applications in spacecraft autonomy, scientific data analysis, and mission operations automation and onboard analysis for real-time decisions.
 Development projects will include automation of ground and flight operations for communications stations, space missions, marine vehicles, aerial vehicles, including fleets of vehicles.
 You will use Artificial Intelligence technologies to partially and fully automate critical systems for scheduling, planning and resource allocation. You will support efforts in these areas.
 This job will entail but is not limited to: 
Design and develop complete components of software tools for data analytics. 
Develop subsystem requirements. 
Perform analysis on a wide variety of large and disparate datasets using complex techniques. 
Develop scheduling algorithms for autonomous systems that must interpret large amounts of input state, constraint, and event data to generate actions and scheduled to achieve higher level goals. 
Communicate results to internal customers. 
Apply and combine current and emerging techniques and tools in novel ways. 
Develop and combine complex data analysis techniques and methods for a specific application. 
Qualifications 
Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 3 years of related experience; Master's degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 1 year of related experience; or PhD in similar disciplines. 
Broad knowledge in one or more related fields of the following areas: software development, artificial intelligence, operations research, resource allocation mechanisms, quantitative modeling, machine learning, computer vision, risk models and probabilistic methods. 
Experience in wide application of principles, theories, concepts and techniques in programming languages such as C++, C, Python, Java, and Artificial Intelligence Techniques and concepts. 
Preferred Qualifications:
 Hands on experience in automation and analysis systems for robotic autonomous systems. 
Extensive knowledge of applicable industry and/or academic practices and standards in Software design & development and Computer Science. 
Experience in interdisciplinary team leadership. 
Experience in writing proposals, task plans, and research publications for peer reviewed forums. 
JPL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy or perceived pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, protected military or veteran status or any other characteristic or condition protected by Federal, state or local law. 
In addition, JPL is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 
EEO is the Law. 
EEO is the Law Supplement 
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision 
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a federal facility. Due to rules imposed by NASA, JPL will not accept applications from citizens of designated countries or those born in a designated country unless they are Legal Permanent Residents of the U.S or have other protected status under 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). The Designated Countries List is available here. Jet Propulsion Laboratory 11 days ago original job Report job Data Scientist jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at JPL/NASA in Pasadena, CA Data Scientist salaries in Pasadena, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
