
 
 
 
 AI & Computing Research Engineer - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI & Computing Research Engineer Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Palo Alto, CA Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Palo Alto 
 Ford Motor Company 
 Information Technology 
 Job Description & Qualifications 
 At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s transportation. 
The Dev Enablement team’s mission is to make it easy for Software Engineers to do the right thing by enabling and empowering them to efficiently deliver software to Ford’s Cloud-based environments. 
 
As a key member of our Information Technology group, you’ll play a critical part in shaping the future of mobility. If you’re looking for the chance to leverage advanced technology to redefine the transportation landscape, enhance the customer experience and improve people’s lives, this is the opportunity for you. Join us and challenge your IT expertise and analytical skills to help create vehicles that are as smart as you are. 
 
AI & Computing Research Engineer – Palo Alto, CA. 
 
The automobile is being redefined as a networked computing platform upon which an ever-evolving set of applications are being designed, creating exciting new consumer services and experiences. Continuing our leadership in this realm, Ford Motor Company’s winning aspiration is to become the world’s most trusted mobility company, designing smart vehicles for a smart world. Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning/Deep Learning (AI/ML/DL) will be a key technology to realize Ford’s aspiration. 
 
Ford is looking for exceptional Researchers in the field of AI/ML/DL. The ideal candidates for these Research Engineer positions will have outstanding research capability, technology development skills, and the ability to work within the framework of security, privacy, usability, and reliability constraints in the automotive environment. The Research Engineers are expected to generate Intellectual Property and document findings. These positions are focused on extensive collaboration within Ford and with external partners. The research engineer will focus on AI/ML/DL Fundamental and Applied Research for in-vehicle, off-vehicle/enterprise and mobility services applications. 
 
 Responsibilities Include: 
Drive research from concepts to Minimum Viable Product to Tech Transfer in Artificial Intelligence like Machine Learning, Neural Networks, or Computer Vision. 
Conduct experiments and Proof of Concept projects to determine the viability of ideas and technologies that leverage AI/ML/DL. 
Generate and document intellect property (IP) as appropriate as a result of the research conducted. 
Thought leadership in hardware/software stack used in AI research. 
 
Minimum Qualifications: 
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related degree (course work in Machine/Deep Learning, Computer Vision/Image Processing, Signal Processing, NLP/NLU etc.) 
3+ years of experience in developing Machine Learning/Deep Learning software or platforms. 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Breadth in multiple field of AI: Gaming, Cognition, Search, Detection, Classification, Recommendation, Vision or Sensor Fusion. 
Evidence of prior Research experience like Patents, Publications, Research Projects etc. 
Analytical mindset with proficiency in at least one of the Artificial Intelligence fields. 
Understanding of emerging AI landscape from academics to start-ups to technology leaders 
Ability to quickly learn and apply concepts to wide variety of domains including vehicle features and mobility services. 
Experience in set-up and tear-down of compute infrastructure. 
Good Communication skills (Verbal and Written). 
Willingness to work in an ambiguous environment and “whatever it takes to deliver” attitude. 
The distance between imagination and …. Creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. And, it can be a road you start traveling right now. When you join Ford Motor 
Company, your journey begins. You become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products – and it is always ready to go further. 
 
At Ford Motor Company, the distance between you and an amazing career has never been shorter. Join the Ford team today, and discover the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you’d expect from a diverse global leader. 
 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship may be available for this position. 
 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran 
 
For information on Ford’s benefits and compensation, click here: https://corporate.ford.com/content/dam/corporate/us/en-us/documents/careers/2021-benefits-and-comp-GSR-sal-plan-4.pdf 
 Auto req ID 
 47372BR 
 State 
 California
 Skill Team 
 Information Technology (IT)
 Sub-Component 
 Office of the CIO & Business Ofc. Ford Motor Company 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Engineer jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Ford Motor Company in Palo Alto, CA Research Engineer salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company 7,513 reviews Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
