
 
 
 
 Assoc Prof - College Park, MD 20742 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assoc Prof University of Maryland 986 reviews College Park, MD 20742 Full-time, Tenured University of Maryland 986 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenured Full Job Description Position Number:   103971 
 
 
 Functional 
 
 Category Status:   01-Faculty Tenured 
 
 Applicant Search Category:   Faculty 
 
 University Authorized FTE:   1.000 
 
 Unit:   ARHU-English 
 
 Campus/College Information: 
 Founded in 1856, University of Maryland, College Park is the state’s flagship institution. Our 1,250-acre College Park campus is just minutes away from Washington, D.C., and the nexus of the nation’s legislative, executive, and judicial centers of power. This unique proximity to business and technology leaders, federal departments and agencies, and a myriad of research entities, embassies, think tanks, cultural centers, and non-profit organizations is simply unparalleled. Synergistic opportunities for our faculty and students abound and are virtually limitless in the nation’s capital and surrounding areas. The University is committed to attracting and retaining outstanding and diverse faculty and staff that will enhance our stature of preeminence in our three missions of teaching, scholarship, and full engagement in our community, the state of Maryland, and in the world. 
 
 Vaccine Protocol 
 The University of Maryland has made the safety of our students, faculty and staff, and our surrounding communities a top priority. As part of that commitment, the University System of Maryland (USM) recently announced that students, faculty, and staff on USM campuses this fall, including UMD, are required to be vaccinated against COVID. As a prospective and/or a new employee at UMD, you will be required to comply with the University’s vaccination protocol. Proof of full vaccination will be required before the start of employment in order to work at any University of Maryland location. Prospective or new employees may seek a medical or religious exemption to the vaccination requirement at return.umd.edu and must have an approved exemption prior to the start of their employment. 
 
 Position Summary/Purpose of Position: 
 The English Department of the University of Maryland, College Park, invites applications for an associate professor in poetry who will enhance the diversity of its nationally ranked creative writing program, bring program administration experience, and a practice in digital poetics and new media studies. 
 
Diversity, inclusion, equity, and access drive the mission of the English Department, and we seek candidates whose creative work, teaching, and service have prepared them to contribute to and advance this mission. Within their applications, candidates are asked to summarize their leadership efforts and past or potential contributions to diversity, such as leadership in teaching, mentoring, research, or service towards building an equitable and diverse scholarly environment and/or increasing access or participation of individuals from historically underrepresented groups. 
 
The University of Maryland is located in College Park, eight miles from the heart of Washington, DC, offering its faculty access to world-class library and archival facilities, an array of cultural institutions, and culturally and linguistically diverse communities. The MFA Program in Creative Writing is staffed by an award-winning faculty, active on the national and international literary scene, with strong ties to the greater D.C. literary arts community. We are committed to diversity and the English department’s anti-racism initiative and run a full-funded vibrant program grounded in mentoring of young writers. MFA alumni are noted for their award-winning publications with independent and major presses, for continuing their graduate education at top-tier doctoral programs, and for starting their own nationally recognized journals and magazines. 
 
This search is contingent upon the availability of funds. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 The successful candidate for this associate rank must have an M.F.A., M.A. (e.g. interactive media arts), M.S. (e.g. computational media), or Ph.D. in creative writing or a related field. Successful candidates will have a significant record of publications in nationally recognized venues and are expected to continue to publish actively; teach two courses per semester, including courses that contribute to the creative writing tracks within the undergraduate English major as well as the core curriculum of the M.F.A. in creative writing; direct graduate theses and undergraduate honors theses; and offer service to the Department, the College, and the University. The ideal candidate will be someone whose practice in the art of poetry readies them to contribute to the exciting intersections between poetry and digital humanities, and the interdisciplinary arts initiatives on campus. Areas of potential scholarship, teaching, and practice include combinatorial poetry, installation poetry, AI-generated poetry, data poetry, poetry at the print-digital, work that moves between digital and material cultures. We are especially interested in candidates whose broader interests support our partnerships with various campus, department, and other entities, such as the Maryland Institute of Technology (MITH) and the African American Digital Humanities (AAD-Hum) Initiative, which is a Mellon-funded program at Maryland committed to digital and experimental arts and humanities scholarship grounded in African American and Black diaspora studies.
 
 
 For best consideration, please submit the following materials by October 12, 2021: 
 letter of application 
 curriculum vitae 
 1-page creative/research statement 
 1-page teaching philosophy statement, and 
 1-page statement summarizing your leadership efforts and past or potential contributions to diversity and inclusion. 
 
 
 
Candidates should be prepared to provide three letters of recommendation, which the committee will request at a more advanced stage of the search process. 
 
 Preferences: 
 
 Additional Certifications: 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 Posting Date:   09/02/2021 
 
 Closing Date: 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Best Consideration Date   10/12/2021 
 
 Physical Demands 
 
 Diversity Statement: 
 The University of Maryland, College Park, an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws and regulations regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, age, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, creed, marital status, political affiliation, personal appearance, or on the basis of rights secured by the First Amendment, in all aspects of employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions. University of Maryland 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate jobs in College Park, MD Jobs at University of Maryland in College Park, MD Associate salaries in College Park, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Maryland 986 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
