
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor of Physics, Artificial Intelligence for Quantum Materials and Quantum Information Science - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor of Physics, Artificial Intelligence for Quantum Materials and Quantum Information Science University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Full-time, Tenure track University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
As part of a campus-wide artificial intelligence (AI) faculty hiring initiative at the University of Florida (UF), the Department of Physics has an opening for a full-time, nine-month, tenure-track Assistant Professor in  artificial intelligence   for   quantum materials and quantum information science  to begin on August 16, 2022. We seek highly qualified candidates from all areas of computational quantum materials and quantum information sciences, with demonstrated experience in developing, implementing or applying AI algorithms on modern platforms such as GPU. In particular, candidates who work in the following major research areas are encouraged to apply: [1] quantum materials research, including but not limited to, low dimensional magnetic systems, molecular qubits/qudits, superconductors, and strongly correlated systems; [2] quantum information science, including but not limited to, quantum coherence, transduction and computing, and AI-related algorithm development. We strongly encourage candidates from underrepresented groups to apply. 
The successful applicant will benefit from the Quantum Theory Project (QTP), a multi-disciplinary institute (Physics, Chemistry, Materials Science, and Computer and Information Sciences) focusing on theory, modeling, and computation of complex, novel molecular and materials systems. Interactions are also anticipated with UF’s large and active condensed matter theory group concentrating on problems of superconductivity, correlated electrons, and transport theory. The applicant will also have the opportunity to interact with a large condensed matter experimental group, a top-ranked Materials Science department, the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory, a cross-university Informatics Institute, and will have access to the UF HiPerGator supercomputer, 22nd fastest computer in the world, according to TOP500. 
The University of Florida is currently ranked 6th in the country among public universities (US News and World Report 2021 rankings), and is an equal opportunity institution, dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
The successful candidate must hold a Ph.D. degree (or equivalent) in physics or a related field, and relevant postdoctoral research experience is preferred. Demonstrated potential for excellence in teaching and mentoring a diverse undergraduate and graduate student body, while establishing a well-recognized research program, is essential. The salary is competitive and commensurate with qualifications and experience, and includes a full benefits package. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Applications must be submitted online at http://apply.interfolio.com/93707 and must include: (1) a cover letter, (2) a curriculum vitae with publication list, (3) a research statement, (4) a statement of teaching philosophy, (5) a statement of past and planned contributions to diversity and inclusivity in physics, and (6) at least three confidential letters of recommendation. Reference providers will only be notified of their upload link once an application is submitted in full, so early completion of an application is highly recommended. To ensure full consideration, applications must be submitted by November 1, 2021. For more information, please contact Prof. Peter Hirschfeld (aiqmi@phys.ufl.edu). 
The department particularly welcomes applicants who can contribute to a diverse and inclusive environment through their scholarship, teaching, mentoring, and professional service. In addition, the university is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples and is committed to supporting the work-life balance of its faculty. The university and greater Gainesville communities enjoy a diversity of cultural events, restaurants, year-round outdoor recreational activities, and social opportunities. 
Final candidate will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#category=72 
AI@UF 
 
OPEN DATE 
Sep 2, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
16360000 - LS-PHYSICS University of Florida 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Assistant Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
