
 
 
 
 Scientist: Microarray Decoding Lead - Pasadena, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist: Microarray Decoding Lead Terray Therapeutics Pasadena, CA Company Overview:  Terray Therapeutics is a venture-backed biotechnology company leveraging our vast high-quality data to optimize the path from discovery to transformative therapeutics. Our approach delivers on the promise of computation to revolutionize drug discovery. Through our closed-loop wet lab discovery platform and data-rich AI, we overcome existing constraints on chemical data by systematically mapping the biochemical interactions of massive and diverse small molecule libraries to identify novel therapeutic compounds. Access to this quantitative data at scale allows us to intelligently navigate an infinitely extensible and highly diverse chemical space to efficiently design, discover and optimize small molecule therapeutics. Our internal development programs are focused on immunology. In addition to these programs we also work with leading pharmaceutical companies. 
 
Our integrated computational platform, tNova, harnesses our novel affinity binding technology, tArray, unique resynthesis capabilities, and broad biology infrastructure. tArray is the foundation of our discovery engine. It enables us to screen hundreds of millions of compounds in minutes and return quantitative data on each compound. Vast, high purity, and high diversity compound libraries are rapidly iterated using best-in-class chemistry to unlock chemical insights at the scale necessary to power AI-driven drug discovery. 
 
 Position Summary:  Terray Therapeutics is seeking a scientist to lead our decoding/production team. The scientist will be primarily responsible for the curation and use of the oligonucleotide sequences that encode each reaction in Terray’s processes. This work will include optimizing the composition of the sequences, the chemistry to incorporate them, the imaging processes for sequencing/decoding them and the quality metrics used to QC the workflow throughout. The focus of this position is managing the personnel and equipment for production, process enhancement and the daily operation of Terray’s proprietary spatially encoded ultra-dense microarray imaging platform. 
 
The candidate will manage a small team dedicated to production and will work closely with the data team, the chemistry team and the automation team. The candidate will be a key member of Terray’s production team, which also includes library synthesis and chip manufacturing, and will report to the head of Automation. 
 
 Experience and Qualifications:  Given the company’s size, anticipated growth and fast-paced environment, the organization requires a scientist who is thoughtful, high energy and can work effectively with the chemistry team to further enhance our next generation drug discovery capabilities. 
 
Part of Terray Therapeutics’ success is nurtured by a hands-on work environment where everyone is accountable, everyone is vested in a vision of excellence, and everyone actively takes part in the success of the business. Terray Therapeutics supports a positive work environment comprised of engaged employees who feel appreciated, recognized and free to be creative. 
 
Required Qualifications: 
 
 Doctoral degree in Biology, Chemistry, or related disciplines; or 
 Master’s degree in Biology, Chemistry, or related disciplines AND 3 years experience working with oligonucleotides, imaging technologies and microarrays post-degree 
 Experience with large datasets 
 Experience with managing a small team of junior scientists 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills 
 Desire to be a team player in a cross-functional environment 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Experience with fluorescence microscopy 
 Experience with microfluidic systems 
 Experience with solid phase synthesis 
 Experience in a scientific manufacturing or production workflow 
 
 She/he will exhibit the ability to work well under pressure to provide results in a short timeframe. The company is looking for a highly responsive, goal-oriented individual who will bring significant energy and drive to solve complex technical problems and help us achieve our mission to advance human health. Terray Therapeutics 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at Terray Therapeutics in Pasadena, CA Scientist salaries in Pasadena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Terray Therapeutics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
