
 
 
 
 Senior Product Owner Treasury Management/Payments Artificial Intelligence Initiatives - Telecommute - Minnesota - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Product Owner Treasury Management/Payments Artificial Intelligence Initiatives - Telecommute U.S. Bank 9,640 reviews Minnesota Remote $92,735 - $109,100 a year  -   Full-time U.S. Bank 9,640 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $92,735 - $109,100 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
 Job Description
 SUMMARY
 U.S. Bank is seeking a highly effective Senior Product Owner to lead our pursuit of delivering artificial-intelligence payment solutions to meet customer needs in our Global Treasury Management division. This position collaborates with a team of product managers, operational and technology professionals to foster innovation and growth. This position will lead the evolution of artificial-intelligence payment ideas through prioritization to delivery based on the business case driving significant growth through customer and operational solutions.
 RESPONSIBILITIES
 Supports the Transaction Sanctions Screening business in current and future artificial intelligence/machine learning initiatives. Works with data science, business line and development partners to advance these initiatives. Beneficial experience includes: transaction sanctions screening processes and risks; data science in relation to artificial intelligence/machine learning. Partners closely with customers (internal and external), the business line(s) and Agile teams to drive the evolution of the assigned product(s). Maintains and refines product backlog; creates user stories and acceptance criteria and prioritizes all stories to ensure work focuses on those with maximum business value that align with product strategy. Acts as primary liaison between the business and Agile teams, ensuring the teams understand vision for the products. Work closely in a hands-on style with development team including addressing daily prioritization needs, providing real-time feedback and answering questions on an ongoing basis. Works with Product Management to set release dates, determine when sufficient value has been delivered to release to market, understand tradeoffs between schedule, scope and budget and communicates this information to the organization. Employs product management practices and tactics including customer research, data and analytics, and market research.
 REQUIRED
 
 Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience
 Three to five years of related experience
 PREFERRED
 
Preferred Skills/Experience
 
 Well-developed ability to collaboratively develop and evolve a product backlog
 Well-developed ability to develop and articulate a product vision that supports outcomes, value and prioritization of work
 Thorough understanding of the Lean/Agile mindset
 Demonstrated leadership and interpersonal skills including ability to collaborate with and empower teams
 Well-developed verbal and written communication skills
 Proficient computer navigation skills
 Standard industry certifications such as SAFe, CSPO, or PSPO are preferred
 Benefits:
 
Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.
 Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting usbank.com/careers .
 EEO is the Law
 
Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.
 E-Verify
 U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program .
 Salary range reflected is an estimate of base pay and is for the primary location. Base pay range may vary if an offer is made for work in a different location. Pay Range: $92,735.00 - $109,100.00 - $120,010.00 U.S. Bank 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Minnesota Jobs at U.S. Bank in Minnesota Product Owner salaries in Minnesota Company Info Follow Get job updates from U.S. Bank U.S. Bank 9,640 reviews U.S. Bancorp (NYSE: USB) is a diversified financial services holding company and parent company of U.S. Bank, the nation's fifth largest ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
