
 
 
 
 AI Research Assoc Sr - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Research Assoc Sr JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews New York, NY Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description AI Research Scientist - Senior Associate 
The goal of J.P. Morgan AI Research is to explore and advance cutting-edge research in AI, including ML as well as related fields like Cryptography, to develop and discover principles of impact to J.P. Morgan's clients and businesses. 
J.P. Morgan AI Research has assembled a team of experts in many fields of AI. They pursue primary research in areas related to our research pillars as well as concrete problems related to financial services. They partner with internal teams to accelerate the adoption of AI within the firm. They also work with leading academic faculty around the world on areas of mutual interest. The team is headquartered in New York and present in London and the Bay Area. Conducting AI research in financial services offers unique and exciting opportunities for impact - as a member of this highly visible team, you will have the opportunity to realize significant impact not only withinJ.P. Morgan but also to the broader AI community. 
Responsibilities : 
As a Research Scientist on the team, you will conduct end-to-end research typically within a specialized focus area. You will work on multiple research projects in collaboration with internal and external researchers and with applied engineering teams. 
You will be integral to all aspects of the research lifecycle such as formulating problems, gathering data, generating hypotheses, developing models and algorithms, conducting experiments, synthesizing results, building prototype applications and communicating the significance of your research. Your output will result in high-impact business applications, open source software, patents and/or publications in AI/ML conferences and journals. 
As a member of the AI research community, you will also have the opportunity to participate in relevant top-tier academic conferences to broaden the impact of your contributions. 
Preferred Qualifications: PhD in Computer Science (especially AI/ML) or related fields Research publications in prominent AI/ML venues; e.g., conferences, journals Expertise in one or more specialized areas; e.g., deep learning (DL), reinforcement learning (RL), planning, information representation and retrieval, graphs, multiagent systems (MAS), natural language processing (NLP) Practical experience with ML platforms such as Tensorflow/Keras, PyTorch, etc. Comfort with rapid prototyping and disciplined software development processes Practical software engineering experience in collaborative project settings 
Minimum Requirements: Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or related fields Extensive programming skills in Python, Java or C++ Proficient understanding of fundamental AI and ML techniques; e.g., A*, regularization Practical experience with statistical data analysis and experimental design 
Professional Skills: Curiosity, creativity, resourcefulness and a collaborative spirit Clear and effective verbal and written communication skills Demonstrated ability to work on multi-disciplinary teams with diverse backgrounds Interest in problems related to the financial services domain (specific past experience in the domain is not required) 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in New York, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Research Associate salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,625 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
