
 
 
 
 Mobile Web Developer - Contract - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Mobile Web Developer - Contract Part Time Evil Austin, TX Remote Contract Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Part Time Evil is looking for a well-rounded, talented developer to join our team for upcoming projects. 
Part Time Evil, LLC: 
Part Time Evil, LLC (www.PartTimeEvil.com) is an immersive experience studio based in Austin, Texas. Together we involve, educate, and challenge minds using VR, AR, XR, and 3D products and experiences across industries and use cases. 
We value diversity, feedback, curiosity, and fun. 
You 
You are an enthusiastic programmer with experience in JavaScript and HTML creating web applications, especially games and gamified experiences. We are a small and collaborative studio, so those who can balance both working independently and receiving feedback and rapidly iterating will excel within our team. You are interested in new technologies, including AR, VR. You are also interested in creating browser-based games and applications including mobile web applications that can function on all major mobile devices. You appreciate planning and delivering builds on time in coordination with a team. 
Location 
Our team is based in Austin, but remote applicants are encouraged. 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following 
Collaborate with artists and storytellers to make story-based experiences with technology. 
Write JavaScript and HTML code for mobile applications. 
Collaborate with project managers and testers to ensure the highest quality application possible is shipped on time. 
Recommended Skills: 
Experience with three.js and/or PlayCanvas. 
WebGL experience. 
A spirit of collaboration with other disciplines. 
Optional but Encouraged: 
Game design or front-end software engineering background. 
Experience with CSS and website building. 
UX Design skills. 
Education and/or Experience: 
Bachelor's degree (B.A.) from a four-year college or university, or equivalent training (preferred). 
Benefits: 
Competitive compensation paid twice monthly. 
Work from anywhere. 
Flexible working hours. 
People-friendly work environment. 
Varied projects: Explore the cutting edge of storytelling, AI, AR, and VR every day alongside web applications. 
Potential for transition to full-time employment with profit sharing within six to twelve months. Part Time Evil 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mobile Developer jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Part Time Evil in Austin, TX Mobile Developer salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Part Time Evil Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
