
 
 
 
 Senior Research Analyst - Boston, MA 02110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Research Analyst S&P Global 1,358 reviews Boston, MA 02110 $91,500 - $190,100 a year S&P Global 1,358 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $91,500 - $190,100 a year Full Job Description S&P Global Market Intelligence
 
 The Role:  Senior Research Analyst
 
 Grade ( relevant for internal applicants only ):  11
 
 The Location:  San Francisco, Boston, New York, London, Remote
 
 The Team:  451 Research’s Data, AI & Analytics channel provides a clear perspective on the trends driving innovation and disruption in human decision-making and artificial intelligence, as well as the technologies enterprises are adopting to drive competitive advantage and generate new business opportunities. An expert team of industry analysts provides clients with research and analysis that articulates the rapidly evolving trends shaping the critical technology Data, AI & Analytics sector, as well as providing advice to help shape client success.
 
 The Impact:  451 Research’s Data, AI & Analytics channel provides insights for our clients on topics such as databases, data management, data science and analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Team members conduct, write, and present research about the innovative technology vendors and service providers in this sector, as well as industry trends and potential future developments. Analysts help define and shape the markets they cover, as well as the strategies of clients – including both Data, AI & Analytics vendors, and enterprise that rely on data and analytics initiatives to drive commercial success.
 
 What’s in it for you: 
This job offers opportunity to contribute to the evolution of the fast-evolving data, AI and analytics technology sector.
 
In this role you will be involved in advising new and established vendors, as well as enterprises on their database and data platform strategies.
 
You will have the opportunity to help define and shape S&P Global Market Intelligence’s perspective on the data platform technology sector, creating innovative and engaging research reports and presentations.
 
 Responsibilities: 
Conduct focused research on the data platforms sector, working independently within a geographically dispersed, global team.
 
Engage in briefings with key vendors and attend physical and virtual events focused on data, AI and analytics.
 
Write research reports explaining vendor strategies, as well as overall industry trends.
 
Contribute to the development of end user surveys. Analyze and deliver research reports based on the results.
 
Deliver presentations, webinars and strategy sessions to present your research and explain industry trends.
 
Respond to inquiry requests from data platform vendors and enterprise users.
 
Contribute to custom advisory research projects.
 
Collaborate with fellow analysts to shape the overall Data, AI & Analytics research agenda.
 
 What We’re Looking For: 
A good mix of written and interpersonal skills, with the ability to describe complex ideas in a straightforward way.
 
The ability to write detailed, structured reports clearly and succinctly.
 
The ability to present with confidence to a group of senior IT professionals.
 
Industry knowledge of the data platforms and database sector.
 
A minimum of 5-10 years’ experience in one or more of the following roles: *Vertical market or associated technology area research role with a commercial analyst firm *Market intelligence or competitive intelligence role with a technology vendor supplying the IT services sector *Strategy, marketing or business development role with a service provider in the technology sector
 
 Compensation/Benefits Information (US Applicants Only): 
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range for this position is $91,500 to $190,100. Base salary ranges may vary by geographic location.
 
In addition to base compensation, this role is eligible for an annual incentive bonus.
 
This role is eligible to receive additional S&P Global benefits. For more information on the benefits we provide to our employees, visit https://www.spgbenefitessentials.com/newhires .
 
S&P Global Market Intelligence
 At S&P Global Market Intelligence, we know that not all information is important—some of it is vital. Accurate, deep and insightful. We integrate financial and industry data, research and news into tools that help track performance, generate alpha, identify investment ideas, understand competitive and industry dynamics, perform valuation and assess credit risk. Investment professionals, government agencies, corporations and universities globally can gain the intelligence essential to making business and financial decisions with conviction.
 
S&P Global Market Intelligence is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI), which provides essential intelligence for individuals, companies and governments to make decisions with confidence. For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/marketintelligence.
 
 EOE Statement: 
S&P Global is an equal opportunity employer committed to making all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender identity or expression, color, creed, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status (including domestic partnerships and civil unions), sexual orientation, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state or local law. Only electronic job submissions will be considered for employment.
 
If you need an accommodation during the application process due to a disability, please send an email to: EEO.Compliance@spglobal.com and your request will be forwarded to the appropriate person.
 
The EEO is the Law Poster http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf describes discrimination protections under federal law.
 
20 - Professional (EEO-2 Job Categories-United States of America), RESECH202.2 - Middle Professional Tier II (EEO Job Group), SWP Priority – Ratings - (Strategic Workforce Planning)
 
 Job ID:  260003
 Posted On:  2021-08-26
 Location:  San Francisco, California, United States S&P Global 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Research Analyst jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at S&P Global in Boston, MA Senior Research Analyst salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from S&P Global S&P Global 1,358 reviews At S&P Global, we don’t give you intelligence—we give you essential intelligence. The essential intelligence you need to make decisions w... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
