
 
 
 
 Corporate Strategy Junior Associate - Remote US - Texas - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate Strategy Junior Associate - Remote US Dell Technologies 10,514 reviews Texas Remote Dell Technologies 10,514 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Corporate Strategy Junior Associate – Remote US 
Company Description 
Dell Technologies is a leader in the IT industry, currently shaping the future of infrastructure at massive scale across compute/storage, hybrid cloud, Edge and Telco, 5G, data management, security and more forward looking across AI/ML, composable infrastructure and quantum computing spaces. Dell Technologies has been #2 on FORTUNE magazine’s Most Admired Company List in the Computer Industry (2019), and #4 on Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators (2020). Dell also ranked #10 on LinkedIn’s list of top companies where the US wants to work (2019). 
Dell is a collective of customer-obsessed, industry-leading visionaries. At our core is a commitment to diversity, sustainability and our communities. We believe in working together to build a brighter future, celebrating the entrepreneurial spirit that lives inside us all, and marrying innovation with action. Dell is proud to offer unparalleled growth and development opportunities for our team members. We believe that technology is essential for driving human progress, and we’re committed to providing that technology to people and organizations everywhere so they can transform the way they work and live. 
Team Description 
The Dell Corporate Strategy team is a specialized group that advises our CEO and executive leadership team on driving, assessing and prioritizing the long-term strategic direction and growth for the company across its portfolio of existing and new offerings. The team works directly with the C-level leadership team to drive critical strategic, operational and business development initiatives, as well as shape the overall, long-range strategy for the business. Focus areas include:
 Thought leadership on the future state of the industry (e.g., economics of the edge) and potential impact to Dell’s overall strategy. 
Counsel to senior executives on “needle moving” growth drivers, strategic acquisitions and partnerships, portfolio optimization, etc in pursuit of growth 
Incubation of select new businesses that will constitute future growth engines for Dell 
This role puts you in the middle of one of the world’s largest companies ($90B+ revenue) in the midst of several of the biggest disruptions the technology industry has ever seen.
 Description of Role 
Building on our team’s successes and continued growth, we are currently looking to hire a strategy professional. This role is ideal for someone with a strong consulting background with a firm grasp on the consulting toolbox. A real passion for complex problem solving, digging deep into the data while keeping the big picture at the fore and working effectively with cross-functional teams and internal clients. Experience in the technology ecosystem with an appetite to expand knowledge base and expertise. 
Our offices are located in Round Rock TX, Palo Alto CA, and Hopkinton MA with support for remote work options. This role is highly visible, offering significant exposure to Dell Technologies Executive Vice Presidents and C-level leadership, allowing you to build lasting relationships and deep industry expertise. Our team is also a unique entry point for those who eventually seek opportunities to transition to key management roles within Dell Technologies. 
Responsibilities 
Create clarity by combining business judgment with technical understanding to structure the problem and provide a data-driven view. Create frameworks and strategic approaches to tackle complex problems. 
Gather research and analyze data to drive diagnostic rigor in developing actionable solutions and making decisions. 
Develop a comprehensive understanding of the entire portfolio of Dell businesses in order to propose and analyze strategic decisions impacting multiple divisions. 
Understand and stay current on tech industry trends, competitive landscape and internal product development efforts. 
Required Qualifications 
Strong undergraduate academic credentials from a leading university 
Minimum of 2 years of experience in management consulting, corporate strategy, strategic consulting, investment banking, economics, finance, business planning 
Internship experience at a top consulting firm or comparable corporate strategy/ analytical function is a plus 
Strong analytic skills to develop insights into complex business issues 
Strong communication skills to engage with senior executives 
Preferred Qualifications 
Demonstrated hypothesis-driven problem-solving orientation with exceptional ability to create structured quantitative and qualitative analyses 
Strong oral and written communication skills and ability to formulate and deliver insights around complex business problems in a thoughtful and persuasive manner 
Strong personal initiative and good judgement; desire to succeed in a demoing environment 
Passion for technology, with some form of technical or software experience 
Understanding of software and business technology markets, trends, and dynamics 
Comfortable working under demanding deadlines and producing key senior-executive deliverables 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
BENEFITS: 
We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here. Dell 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Associate jobs in Texas Jobs at Dell Technologies in Texas Junior Associate salaries in Texas Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,514 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
