
 
 
 
 Senior Technical Product Owner - Artificial Intelligence (AI) - Atlanta, GA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Technical Product Owner - Artificial Intelligence (AI) Delta 4,192 reviews Atlanta, GA Delta 4,192 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. United States, Georgia, Atlanta
 Information Technology
 30-Jul-2021
 Ref #:  8434 How you'll help us Keep Climbing (overview & key responsibilities) This role can sit in Atlanta, GA or Minneapolis, MN
 Join Delta IT as we leverage AI within technology to unlock powerful customer experiences and continuously refine airline operations. Delta IT is on a journey of transformation. We are changing the way we do business from top to bottom. As thought-leaders within Delta, we create meaningful and innovative solutions and are looking for team members to help us realize our vision. To further this objective, we are seeking an IT AI Software Engineer to be part of a growing technology team.
 As a Technical Product Owner for AI, within the Communications, AI, and Automation portfolio, you will work on initiatives across the entire business; initiatives range from our complex global operation to the digital customer experience. We're looking for someone who is passionate about delivering solutions for real-world, large-scale problems using Artificial Intelligence techniques including deep learning, machine learning, reinforecement learning, and CNNs. This area will combine AI and software engineering to bring initial prototypes to life within applications and achieve value for employees and customers.
 What would you do?
 Grow Deltas use of AI within customer and employee facing experiences
 Drive a variety of high-visibility initiatives and collaborate across the enterprise teams to understand business challenges and industrialize AI opportunities.
 Maintain an exceptional level of customer focus centered on integrity and transparency.
 Make things happen without frequent management direction and know when to communicate status or escalate issues to their leaders, teammates or stakeholders.
 Provide technical thought-leadership for AI solutions across a wide range of centralized and distributed environments across the Delta landscape.
 Lead innovative ideation sessions to define business needs, and translate that into process/data flows and Epics/Features/Stories with accurate success criteria.
 Help to define, design and capture data required for measurement of each solution \
 Obtain and analyze data from multiple sources to drive strategies and measure success and ROI
 Bridge gaps between POC trials and industrialized AI-fueled software Delivering with Quality and Speed
 Ensuring the team produces continual and on-time delivery of value.
 Drive delivery and continuous improvement by utilizing feedback and metrics to identify areas of opportunity.
 Maintain an exceptional level of customer focus centered on integrity and transparency.
 Provides quantitative expertise (data analysis, statistics, forecasting, simulation, and optimization).
 Working on a variety of high-visibility IT projects, either in the form of internal development or in conjunction with external vendors.
 Manage risks, issues, and develop remediation plans.
 Analyze numbers, trends, and data to drive new strategies and streamline & automate processes.
 Work closely with one or more Agile development teams to translate product inputs into well-defined functional requirements and user stories.
 Lead story grooming sessions or requirements clarifications sessions.
 Translating product strategy into requirement documents, using cases and process flows.
 Write clear stories to deliver functionality, such as user interaction stories, system integration stories or API level stories.
 Ability to formally report on findings in a concise, understandable way.
 Responsible for providing line of sight to data quality and gaps where issues need to be addressed.
 Assist with managing team delivery commitments and helping to remove enterprise and escalated impediments.
 Manage several concurrent projects of varying priority and complexity, across multiple teams and multiple business divisions.
 Foster close cooperation across all team members; encourage cross-training and team support.
 Working closely with the Commercial Managers and Senior Product Managers and development teams to ensure that the team clearly understands the required functionality to meet market needs.
 Collaborating with product, project and development stakeholders and teams, gathering requirements, coordinating dependencies and identifying risks and opportunities.
 Conducts research, performs studies to obtain data; and analyzes problems to advise on or recommend solutions, utilizing knowledge of theory, principles, or technology of NDC specialization.
 Look upstream and downstream to see around corners and anticipate future consequences for immediate technical choices.
 Operate with Agile and Cloud Target squads within two-week sprints.
 Develop an AI first mindset and help democratize AI for Delta. What you need to succeed (minimum qualifications)
 3 or more years of experience in related field or any combination or equivalent education, experience, and formal training that allows the candidate to meet the requirements of the job. Experience as a Product Owner for a technical product Excellent analytical skills and creative problem-solving skills with ability to translate data into digestible and actionable insights. Experience in analysis with querying, summarizing, visualizing, and reporting data. Understand the fundamentals of deep learning, and machine learning, e.g., over-fitting, IID data Proficiency in written and oral communications and able to produce concise, relevant, strategic documents and executive presentations. Where permitted by applicable law, must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered for U.S.-based job, if not currently employed by Delta Air Lines, Inc. What will give you a competitive edge (preferred qualifications) Bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering discipline, economics, business or equivalent experience A doer by default: You are self-motivated and take pride in building great experiences for users, whether they are employees or customers. You are resourceful in finding the data and tools you need to get the job done and have a bias for action You enjoy working with people and can put yourself in other people's shoes. You're not afraid to ask for help when you need it or help teammates when they need a boost You believe in strong opinions, weakly held-- you're not afraid to change your opinion in the face of new facts and acknowledge what you don't know Are intensely curious about finding a solution to the pain-points of our passengers along the entire travel experience Love travelling and can deeply empathize with our customers
 
< Go back Delta Airlines 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Owner jobs in Atlanta, GA Jobs at Delta in Atlanta, GA Product Owner salaries in Atlanta, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Delta Delta 4,192 reviews We’ve been connecting people since our first passenger flight in 1929. Since then, we’ve been steadily climbing toward our goal of being ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
