
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence and Data Fusion Professional - Laurel, MD 20724 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence and Data Fusion Professional Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews Laurel, MD 20724 Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Do you have experience with data fusion and artificial intelligence / machine learning? 
 
Are you passionate about developing innovative technologies to solve technical challenges involving the defense of the US and her allies? 
 
If so, this is the perfect opportunity for you. 
 
The Advanced Information Technologies and Data Fusion Group (A4I) develops advanced algorithmic solutions to our nation's greatest technical challenges. Our group is seeking an innovative technical leader to develop and analyze novel solutions in the realm of data fusion, artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), etc., as applied to critical DoD problems and data sets. We are very interested in someone who understands the underlying algorithmic assumptions and formulations when applying, developing, and implementing such techniques. 
 
 As a Data Fusion Professional your responsibilities will include: 
 
Developing state-of-the-art data fusion algorithms that leverage both physics-based state estimation and appropriately applied AI / ML techniques to current and future Air and Missile Defense problem sets 
Performing prototype implementation of the algorithms developed and demonstration with appropriate data sets
 Designing rigorous testing and validation methodologies to assess where/when AI/ML algorithms are applicable 
Developing state estimation approaches that eliminate use of simplifying textbook assumptions where limiting to applications 
Maintaining up-to-date knowledge of recent advances in the field 
Sharing knowledge by clearly articulating ideas in written documents and presentations to technical staff, management and government decision makers 
Collaborating with a technically diverse APL community to develop new potential applications of these techniques 
Interacting with various data types, formats and structures in a clear and appropriate manner to enable robust pre-processing, normalization or other manipulations as needed 
Mentoring early career engineers with regards to the state-of-the-art in data fusion domain 
 
Qualifications 
 
 You meet the minimum qualifications for this position if you have: 
 
A Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, Computer Science or equivalent
 At least five years professional work experience (years pursuing graduate degree may also be combined towards this qualification) 
Strong problem solving skills 
Experience with any of the following program languages: MATLAB, Python, C, C++, C#, or Java. with fluency in at least one 
Ability to rapidly translate and prototype state of the art algorithms to a variety of problem sets 
Experience dealing with large, real-world data sets 
Exposure to AI/ML, state estimation, and/or data fusion algorithms 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
An ability to obtain a Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. 
 
You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you have: 
 
An MS or PhD in Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, Computer Science or equivalent
 At least eight years professional work experience 
Experience with detection and estimation theory, stochastic processes, Bayesian inference, and Markov models
 A solid theoretical understanding and experience using fundamental data fusion and tracking techniques such as Kalman filtering, batch-processing, multiple-hypothesis data association, multiple dynamic models, etc. 
Experience fusing across multiple sources whose data may exhibit characteristics such as sub-dimensioned, time-late, biased, and negative data 
Demonstrated experience in collaboration and version management systems 
An Active Top Secret/SCI Clearance 
 
Why work at APL? 
 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation's most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. While we are dedicated to solving complex challenges and pioneering new technologies, what makes us truly outstanding is our culture. We offer a vibrant, welcoming atmosphere where you can bring your authentic self to work, continue to grow, and build strong connections with inspiring teammates. 
 
At APL, we celebrate our differences and encourage creativity and bold, new ideas. Our employees enjoy generous benefits, including a robust education assistance program, unparalleled retirement contributions, and a healthy work/life balance. APL's campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at www.jhuapl.edu/careers. 
 
#LI-BG1#APL-BW1 Johns Hopkins 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) 159 reviews The Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is a university-affiliated research center (UARC). APL solves complex research, engine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
