
 
 
 
 Staff Physicist - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Staff Physicist Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Chicago, IL Full-time Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The High Energy Physics (HEP) Division at Argonne National Laboratory has several openings for Staff Physicist positions and invites applications from outstanding candidates. The HEP division has experimental research programs in collider, neutrino and precision muon physics, and in cosmology with involvement in major experiments such as ATLAS at the LHC, CMB-S4, DUNE, LSST, Mu2e, Muon g-2, NOvA, and SPT-3G.
 
 
At this time, we seek candidates to play leading roles in one or more of these experimental research thrusts, by engaging in data analysis, detector construction and operation. There will be various opportunities for the successful candidates to join other inter-disciplinary activities at Argonne, such as in applications of AI/ML methods and High-Performance Computing (HPC). We are primarily interested in candidates at the Assistant Physicist level (RD2: comparable to tenure-track assistant professor level) but outstanding candidates will be considered at Physicist level (RD3: comparable to tenure-track professor level) or higher. Preference will be given to applicants with expertise and experience in detector design and instrumentation, development, construction, commissioning and operation as well as data analysis.
 Education and Experience Requirements
 Successful candidates will have:
 Doctorate in High Energy Physics or a related field
 2+ years of postdoctoral experience
 Extensive knowledge of elementary particle physics and/or related areas with broad general scientific knowledge
 Excellent ability to identify important research topics and to develop innovative methods for accomplishing research
 Considerable skill in the design and construction of experimental apparatus and in data analysis
 Good communication skills, both verbal and written as well as outstanding skill in developing good working relations with others
 Applicants should send their curriculum vitae, a cover letter, and a statement of research accomplishment and interests through the Argonne National Laboratory application system http://www.anl.gov/careers , and arrange for three letters of recommendation to be sent to hep_letters@anl.gov.
 Considerations will start August 31, 2021. Last date for accepting applications will be Oct. 31, 2021. For further information, contact Dr. Rik Yoshida at ryoshida@anl.gov .
 The selected candidate will be placed at the appropriate level (RD2 or RD3) dependent upon depth and breadth of relevant knowledge and skills brought to the position, as well as the amount of relevant experience. The requirements of the various levels are as follows:
 At a RD2 Level: Doctorate and 0 years.
 At a RD3 Level: Doctorate and 4+ years.
 Job Family
 Research Development (RD)
 Job Profile
 Physics 2
 Worker Type
 Regular
 Time Type
 Full time
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment. Argonne National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
