
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Envision 12 reviews St. Louis, MO Envision 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Data Scientist- St. Louis
 
no C2C, must be our W2.
 
Will consider qualified OPT if valid through August, 2022
 
 You will: 
Implement and design prototypes for data wrangling, preprocessing, postprocessing and visualization mechanisms, and
 
Design predictive/machine learning/AI type analytical models.
 
 Description: 
 
 Collaborate with data scientists/engineers/stewards on data extraction and data cleaning. 
 Design, implement and optimize statistical and machine learning models based on structured and unstructured data. 
 Work closely with the software engineering team in the delivery of the developed models. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 PhD in Mathematics, Economics, Operations Research or a related field with statistics courses/publications/proven expertise or Master's degree plus 2 years of industry experience. 
 Proficient in machine learning algorithms and concepts; 
 Ability to work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment. Comfort in communicating technical content in an easy to understand way 
 Proficiency of at least one of Python or R is a must-have and working knowledge of the other 
 Working knowledge of programming languages such as SQL, Java, Javascript, and Anylogic simulation software is a plus. 
 Experience with optimization models and commercial solvers is a plus. 
 
 Envision 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in St. Louis, MO Jobs at Envision in St. Louis, MO Data Scientist salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Envision 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
