
 
 
 
 A&R Associate - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search A&R Associate Boomy Corporation Remote Remote At Boomy Corporation, we’re building the future of music: original songs created and released instantly with AI-powered music automation, no musical skill or equipment required. Backed by some of the biggest names in music and growing fast, we’re seeking a music-obsessed A&R Associate for an unprecedented challenge: how do you find the best needles in a constantly-growing haystack?
 Boomy users have created over 1M original songs just in the last several months, and the velocity of new songs is only increasing. Some of these songs are fantastic, already earning streams, and empowering a totally new type of music creator. Others sound more like the first time you picked up a guitar - on the way to greatness, but not quite there yet. Your job: what are the best songs on boomy? How do we identify them? Given it would take 5+ years to listen to just the songs users have made to date, what kind of filters and processes should we use to determine what’s great, what’s worth keeping an eye on, and what could reach the Billboard Top 100?
 Among other duties, you will be responsible for:
 Consuming and categorizing an extraordinary amount of content made by boomy creators, both music and video
 Identifying Boomy’s highest-quality content (music, as well as a derivative video and other content) and users (artists/creators)
 Developing and managing direct relationships with top Boomy creators and influencers
 Creating action plans around how to best draw attention to the best content on Boomy
 Generating reports for management on top tracks and trends, as well as music improvement recommendations for the music automation team
 This role is perfect for anyone looking for a non-traditional start to their A&R career, or an exciting next step in a history of hitmaking. A strong candidate has impeccable musical taste, a strong analytical background, and a knowledge of music industry trends and dynamics. The position is currently remote due to Covid, but will eventually transition to an office position in New York, NY.
 Requirements
 1-5 years of practical A&R experience
 Deep knowledge of music consumption trends
 Record label experience a plus
 Relationships with tastemakers, other A&Rs, and industry professionals a plus
 Bachelors or equivalent degree in music industry, A&R, or music technology a plus Boomy Corporation 30+ days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate jobs in Remote Jobs at Boomy Corporation in Remote Associate salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Boomy Corporation Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
