
 
 
 
 Senior Data Engineer - Portland, OR 97203 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Engineer Momentive 23 reviews Portland, OR 97203 Momentive 23 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who we are and what we do 
 
Momentive (formerly SurveyMonkey) is a leader in agile experience management, delivering powerful, purpose-built solutions that bring together the best parts of humanity and technology to redefine AI. Momentive products, including GetFeedback, SurveyMonkey, and its brand and market insights solutions, empower decision-makers at 345,000 organizations worldwide to shape exceptional experiences. More than 20 million active users rely on Momentive to fuel market insights, brand insights, employee experience, customer experience, and product experience. Ultimately, the company's vision is to raise the bar for human experiences by amplifying individual voices. Learn more at momentive.ai. 
 
More about our Data Infrastructure Team 
 
Our Data Infrastructure team makes up a portion of our Global Data team for Momentive. This team is responsible for building the next generation analytics platform with Apache Airflow, AWS, Kafka, and Snowflake. You will be reporting into our Data Infrastructure Engineering Manager. 
 
You Will 
 
 Manage data infrastructure (AWS, Airflow) ensuring high availability, and monitoring cost. 
 Make recommendations for evolving cloud based data architecture. 
 Lead team in the transition to stream based analytics. 
 Develop infrastructure as code solutions (Terraform) for managing AWS Cloud resources. 
 Develop standardized tooling to support ELT development using Python, Spark, Snowflake, and Kafka 
 Document our systems for all business groups. 
 Support partners, analysts, and data scientists on diverse projects. 
 Mentor team members. 
 
 You have 
 
 7+ years of software development experience, (we are a Python shop) 
 Experience building scalable, high throughput data solutions 
 Experience managing data infrastructure, (we use Airflow and AWS) 
 Experience with infrastructure as code, (we use Terraform) 
 Experience with data manipulation tools like Pandas and Spark 
 Experience building test automation frameworks 
 Experience building CI/CD pipelines 
 BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering related discipline or equivalent experience 
 Good at taking abstract/ambiguous requirements and returning with a software implementation 
 Leading complex, multi-person development efforts 
 
 What we offer our employees 
 
Momentive is a place where the curious come to grow and shape what's next. By embedding inclusion into our processes, policies, and culture for our 1,400+ employees across North America, Europe, and APAC, we're building a workplace where people of every background can excel. We've won multiple awards and received recognition for our forward-looking policies, including extended parental and bereavement leave, vendor benefits standards, and Take 4 sabbaticals. 
 
Momentive is featured as a Glassdoor 2021 Best Place to Work and National Capital Region's Top Employer in Canada (2021). In 2020, Momentive was recognized as a top place to work by Glassdoor Best Places to Work, Fortune Best Places to Work in the Bay Area, Parity.org's Best Companies for Women to Advance, and National Capital Region's Top Employers in Canada. Momentive has consistently been recognized by Great Place to Work® and Fortune as a top workplace since 2018, and we have also won numerous awards as a leader in global survey software, including being named among the G2 Best Software Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, and the Forbes Cloud 100. 
 
Our commitment to an inclusive workplace 
 
Momentive is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. We celebrate the unique differences of our employees because that is what drives curiosity, innovation, and the success of our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, pregnancy, parental status, genetic information, political affiliation, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities. 
 
Learn more about our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts  here. momentive 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Data Engineer jobs in Portland, OR Jobs at Momentive in Portland, OR Data Engineer salaries in Portland, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Momentive Momentive 23 reviews Momentive (NASDAQ: MNTV) (formerly SurveyMonkey) is a leader in agile experience management, delivering powerful, purpose-built solutions... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
