
 
 
 
 Full-Stack Software Engineer, PAIR Team, Google Research - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full-Stack Software Engineer, PAIR Team, Google Research Google 3,931 reviews Cambridge, MA Full-time Google 3,931 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics field, or equivalent practical experience.
 2 years of work or educational experience with front end technologies and/or front end frameworks (e.g. Typescript, Angular, React). 
 1 year of relevant work experience, including software development.
 Experience with Python programming language. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 
 Experience developing accessible technologies. 
 Experience with one or more of the following: Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Databases, Visualization, Human Computer Interaction or similar. 
 Strong knowledge of web-libraries and frameworks.
 Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server optimization techniques. 
 About the job 
People + AI Research (PAIR) is a multidisciplinary team in Google Research that explores the human side of AI by doing fundamental research, building tools, creating design frameworks, and working with diverse communities. We explore how to make machine learning achieve its positive potential in a participatory way by involving the communities it affects and guided by a diverse set of citizens, policy-makers, activists, artists, and more. 
 PAIR conducts human-centered research and design to make people and AI partnerships productive, enjoyable, and fair. We are a multidisciplinary research team that engages with the academic community, Google's products, and the general public on topics such as human-AI collaboration, interactive ML, human-data interaction, and human-centered AI. 
 To learn more about People + AI Research, please visit here google.ai/pair. 
Research happens at Google everyday, on many different embedded teams throughout the company. Our research reaches the user through both services and products such as Search, Maps, Google Assistant, Google Translate, Google Cloud and our computing, storage, and networking infrastructure. To achieve this, we’re working on a wide variety of projects that utilize the latest state-of-the-art technologies that push the boundaries of what is possible. 
Responsibilities 
 Develop state-of-the-art tools for understanding datasets and ML models. https://knowyourdata.withgoogle.com/ 
 Fast prototyping, iterating, and development of novel ideas in the ML fairness space. 
 Push the limits of interactive data analytics and exploration techniques. 
 Work with product teams and researchers to help mitigate issues with unintended biases. 
 Present to internal and external teams (giving talks, writings, or other forms of publication). 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Google in Cambridge, MA Full Stack Developer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,931 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
