
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Operations Engineer - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Operations Engineer Avant 147 reviews Remote Remote Full-time Avant 147 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Avant is dedicated to building premier digital banking solutions for the middle class through a combination of technology, analytics and superior customer service. Since 2012, Avant has connected over 1.5 million customers to over $7.5 billion in loans and 700,000 credit cards. A high growth financial technology company, Avant has been featured in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, TechCrunch, Fortune, Bloomberg, and has raised over $600 million of equity capital. Visit www.avant.com for more information. 
Are you passionate about machine learning and big data? Are you also passionate about process improvement and automation? Does working with complex data pipelines and systems excite you? The Backend Engineering team at Avant is looking for a Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) Engineer to build out processes and tools to train, score, and deploy production-grade machine learning models. Join us and contribute to systems and tools that enable Avant’s business to make high-quality, real-time decisions! 
 What you do at Avant: 
Build and maintain software tools that enable data scientists to train machine learning models and process large amounts of data. We primarily use Python for most backend packages and applications but also support other languages such as R. 
Automate different model training and scoring processes while considering scalability as our data grows. 
Design and implement microservices for models and other internal applications. We use Flask but we’re open to using other web frameworks as well. 
Develop promotion pipelines that build and deploy our models as services. We use build tools like Docker and platforms such as Buildkite and Jenkins for CI/CD. 
Architect, deploy, and manage scalable infrastructure. We use a number of AWS services to host our applications and databases and use Terraform to deploy our infrastructure as code. 
Write robust test suites and documentation that ensures our code performs as expected and allows ease of use for end users. 
Query, manipulate, and store data sources and streams. Avant has large amounts of data and we use tools like PostgreSQL, Hive, and Spark to access it. 
Have a say in project planning and system design decisions. 
Collaborate with other backend engineers and data-minded people to brainstorm ideas, solve complex problems, and deliver . 
Be a part of a culture that treats engineers as both teachers and students, and encourage this by presenting weekly Lunch and Learns, hosting hackathons, and attending conferences. 
We are the core of technical problem solvers and reserve force for all technical tasks and issues at Avant. 
 Why you are a fit at Avant: 
You have a bachelor’s or advanced degree in a field such as computer science, mathematics, machine learning or another quantitative discipline. 
You have strong knowledge of machine learning and data engineering concepts, computer science fundamentals, and coding/testing best practices with 3-5 years of experience working in a data and ML driven team. 
You are excited about system design and enjoy creating project plans and seeing them through to completion. 
You have experience automating processes and are concerned with increasing efficiency and scalability. 
You are intellectually curious, love to learn about new technologies, and can teach others from your experiences. 
You thrive in a collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts and enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different expertise. 
You’re entrepreneurial, self-driven, and take pride in improving our customers’ experiences. 
You like communicating directly with business units from all over the company to ensure you understand and can best handle the pain points and the wide range of stakeholders' needs 
 
 
Why Avant is a fit for you: 
At Avant, we believe our values make a difference: 
We value, support, and help each other grow 
We are committed to active inclusion and diversity 
We are transparent and believe the best idea wins 
We succeed when our customers succeed 
We get sh!t done… responsibly 
And we keep it fun! 
We believe that ideas are more important than titles, everything is more fun together, everyone drives change, and everyone is an owner. While we believe the perks and benefits that we offer are terrific, nothing excites us more than having the ability to collaborate with intelligent, highly-motivated and talented people on challenging problems as we work to change the face of online lending. 
Avant is an equal opportunity employer and individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation or gender identity), age, disability or genetic information or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local law, regulation or ordinance. Avant 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Remote Jobs at Avant in Remote Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Avant 147 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
