
 
 
 
 Machine Intelligence Scientist/Engineer - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Intelligence Scientist/Engineer Draper 96 reviews Cambridge, MA Draper 96 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview
 Draper is an independent, nonprofit research and development company headquartered in Cambridge, MA. The 1,800 employees of Draper tackle important national challenges with a promise of delivering successful and usable solutions. From military defense and space exploration to biomedical engineering, lives often depend on the solutions we provide. Our multidisciplinary teams of engineers and scientists work in a collaborative environment that inspires the cross-fertilization of ideas necessary for true innovation. For more information about Draper, visit www.draper.com. 
Our work is very important to us, but so is our life outside of work. Draper supports many programs to improve work-life balance including workplace flexibility, employee clubs ranging from photography to yoga, health and finance workshops, off site social events and discounts to local museums and cultural activities. If this specific job opportunity and the chance to work at a nationally renowned R&D innovation company appeals to you, apply now www.draper.com/careers. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
Draper is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. We understand the value of diversity and its impact on a high-performance culture. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. 
Draper is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. To request reasonable accommodation, please contact hr@draper.com. 
 Responsibilities
 The candidate will work on cutting-edge efforts for US Government and commercial customers as well as internal research projects. Areas of work include: machine learning for a variety of applications, data analytics, predictive and computational modeling of complex systems, computational neuroscience, biological image processing, and rapid prototyping (coding) of completely novel tools. Specific program areas include human generated data, sensors, basic AI research, intelligence analysis. The ideal candidate is an assertive self-starter, engaging colleagues and building ideas in a team-centered environmeny. 
Required Qualifications : 
 
 Experience in computational modeling and/or machine learning, algorithm development, data analytics 
B.S. in computer science, machine learning, statistics, computational neuroscience, physics, or related field. 
Creative individual, team player, outgoing, self-starter, entrepreneur 
Scientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field 
Solid programming experience (e.g., Matlab, Python) 
Good written and spoken communication skills. 
 Qualifications
 Preferred Qualifications : 
 
 Preference to candidates with an active SECRET clearance 
Applicants selected for this position will be required to obtain and maintain a U.S. Security Clearance. Draper 26 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Draper in Cambridge, MA Scientist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Draper Draper 96 reviews As a nonprofit engineering innovation company, Draper serves our nation’s interests and security needs; advances technologies at the inte... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
