
 
 
 
 DSP Architecture and Performance Architect, Silicon - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search DSP Architecture and Performance Architect, Silicon Google 3,931 reviews Mountain View, CA Full-time Google 3,931 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Master's degree in EE, Computer Engineering or CS, emphasizing on computer architecture, vision imaging, or artificial intelligence/machine learning or equivalent practical experience. 
 Experience in any processor architecture and microarchitecture (DSP, ISP, ML accelerator, etc.) and its subsystem integration at architectural or RTL levels. 
 Experience in performance analysis on IP level or SoC level. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Computer Science, emphasizing on DSP, computer architecture, or artificial intelligence/machine learning. 
 7 years of industry experience. 
 Experience in performance analysis and workload characterization from IP-level to SoC-level. 
 Experience with power optimization for any compute cores. 
 Experience with DSP/ML workloads in any specific, related area (e.g., camera, video, audio). 
 Knowledge of DSP tool-chain/runtime and system software. 
 About the job 
As a DSP Architecture and Performance Architect, you'll be a contributor to improving the digital signal processor (DSP) subsystem and delivering Google’s advanced hardware products. You’ll have an opportunity to collaborate with system performance and software teams to plan and conduct workload performance analysis and project performance at various design phases. You’ll be guiding junior DSP architects and working with engineers in power, thermal, security, physical design, and other subsystem teams on the DSP subsystem configuration, features, and integration. 
Google's mission is to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Our team combines the best of Google AI, Software, and Hardware to create radically helpful experiences. We research, design, and develop new technologies and hardware to make computing faster, seamless, and more powerful. We aim to make people's lives better through technology. 
Responsibilities 
 Collaborate with software teams to port and characterize DSP workloads. 
 Project, analyze, and debug pre-silicon and post-silicon application performance. 
 Define and write DSP subsystem architecture specifications. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Software Architect salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,931 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
