
 
 
 
 Project Moderator - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Moderator TELUS International 1,213 reviews Remote Remote TELUS International 1,213 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Basic Information
 Ref number
 Req_00061018
 Primary Location
 Home Office - United States
 Description and Requirements
 TELUS International is looking for Project Moderator for a short-term, onsite video study. 
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following cities: Detroit, MI; Dallas, TX; Boston, MA; Philadelphia, PA, Charlotte, NC. 
Project Summary 
This is an Artificial Intelligence Data Collection project about interactions between a user (participant) and a phone device but will include certain interactions with the onsite Project Moderator since the participant will need to follow instructions provided. Once the Moderator has finished collecting the data from the participant, they will qualify the results from the participant’s interactions with the phone device. 
Main Responsibilities 
Receive participants at the work location and guide them through the video study in a controlled environment. 
Ensure all recordings are done in accordance with project guidelines and upload the data. 
Have all participants complete a survey at the end of each session. 
Follow Covid19 sanitization procedures after each session. 
Represent and promote the TELUS AI brand. 
Minimum Requirements 
Technical/troubleshooting skills; address basic problems with launching apps and uploading data. 
Familiarity with iOS. 
Current iPhone user, earlier phone versions are ok. 
Current iPad user. 
Experience with running and recording Zoom sessions or similar video conferencing software. 
Able to commit to a weekly schedule for the duration of the project (2 - 3 months). 
Ability to interact professionally with project participants. 
Experience with progress tracking and reporting, comfortable with Excel or Sheets. 
 Additional Job Description
 TELUS International is looking for Project Moderator for a short-term, onsite video study. Telus 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Moderator jobs in Remote Jobs at TELUS International in Remote Moderator salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from TELUS International TELUS International 1,213 reviews At TELUS International, we focus on the human connection to deliver high-tech, high-touch customer experiences powered by next-gen digita... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
