
 
 
 
 DevOps Engineer - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search DevOps Engineer Intone Networks 15 reviews Columbus, OH Contract Intone Networks 15 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description DevOps Engineer to The DevOps Engineer will be responsible for infrastructure provisioning, configuration management, continuous integration, deployment, testing and monitoring. This person will work closely with Data Science, Data Engineering and Enterprise Data Steward team to manage the lifecycle of applications effectively. The ideal candidate will approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find technically advanced solutions based on need. Our culture values of Compassion, Excellence, Stewardship, Integrity, and Inclusion are critical in solving problems here. Core Responsibilities: Create and manage python/R environments for data exploration, visualization, model building and deployment. Provision, configure, scale and manage on prem (Linux based)/Azure cloud environments to run ML models effectively Create scripts to automate the provisioning and configuration of the infrastructure for a variety of environments Help package and containerize ML models using docker and host the model in a scalable environment Bridge the gap between the ML training environment and model deployment environment through sophisticated CI/CD pipelines Leverage containers for provisioning development environments, data processing pipelines, training infrastructure and model deployment environments using emerging technologies such as Kubeflow and MlFlow Collaborate with data scientists and data engineers to support businesses embracing the machine learning paradigm Help data engineering team automate the data workflows Support customers on multiple platforms Experience working in Python/R. Proficient in git and git workflows Must Haves: Proficient in Github commands. Creating and maintaining repos. Proficient in git and git workflows Proficient in creating and maintaining docker/containerization (in Linux machines), Kubernetes for AI/ML models written in R or python. Python or R language, SQL scripting. Shell and Linux scripting Comfortable working and maintaining Linux servers. Creating CI/CD pipelines through Jenkins Microsoft/Azure Dev ops certification or other cloud certifications Visual analytics tools such as power BI, Qliksense, Tableau etc. Incorporate dev ops concepts in data science and engineering projects such as CI/CD principles using Jenkins, containerization of models, manage github repos, shell scripting, Linux admin, help us move to Azure cloud in future etc. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's Degree or Master’s Degree preferred 5 years of relevant experience Intone networks 5 days ago Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Operations Engineer jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Intone Networks in Columbus, OH Development Operations Engineer salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intone Networks 15 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
