
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Qventus Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Company 
 
Have you ever found yourself or a loved one waiting hours and hours in a hospital Emergency Room to get care? Or have you ever had a surgery scheduled for months in the future that needed to happen sooner? Unfortunately, our healthcare system is full of these types of operational problems. Our work saves lives and helps hospitals cut tens of millions of dollars in operational costs, while improving the quality of care they’re able to deliver. 
 
Qventus is a real-time decision making platform for hospital operations. Our mission is to simplify how healthcare operates, so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on delivering the best possible care to patients. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to create products that help nurses, doctors, and hospital staff anticipate issues and make operational decisions proactively. 
 
Qventus works with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. The company was recognized by the 2019 Black Book Awards in healthcare for patient flow and by CB Insights as a 2019 top 100 Most Promising Company in Artificial Intelligence. Recently, Qventus won the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Emergency Response for the Healthcare System Innovation Challenge through its work helping health systems across the country plan for and operate in the COVID pandemic. 
 
 The Role 
Qventus is looking for  Data Scientists  to help build the next generation of Qventus’s AI. You’ll join a cross-functional team of clinicians, data scientists, data platformers, and product experts to help care teams across the country make day to day decisions to get patients the right care faster and with less overhead. 
 
As a data scientist at Qventus, you will have the opportunity to explore Qventus’s unique and rich Healthcare dataset to develop and deploy cutting edge ML based solutions. You will evaluate potential modeling approaches, build features together with data platform partners, implement algorithms, and drive meaningful improvements to our underlying ML infrastructure to scale Qventus into the next generation. You should be strongly motivated to have an impact in the company and dedicated to helping improve the quality of healthcare operations. 
 Location 
This role is remote first, but we have offices in Mountain View, CA and open to local hires as well. 
 Key Responsibilities 
Drive the development of our machine learning platform to efficiently train, evaluate, and deploy high quality models. 
Develop, deploy, and tune performant and highly scalable machine learning models in the healthcare space strategically employing a wide array of modeling and statistical techniques. 
Collaborate with Product partners to experiment, design and measure quality of model based interventions including development of analytics dashboards. 
Develop tools and resources to improve transparency into Data Science technical architecture and increase collaboration with engineering and analytics partners. 
 Key Qualifications 
Proven ability to develop and tailor algorithmic solutions to business problems in collaboration with product or delivery partners. 
3+ years industry experience developing, launching, and iterating on machine learning models and/or developing the core data science platform. 
High competency in Python, with experience developing scalable systems and using statistical packages such as Pandas, Scikit-learn, and XGBoost. 
Strong software development foundations - dedication to high code quality, stable architecture and an eye towards maintainability. 
Excellent SQL - hands on experience manipulating data sets, data cleaning, and pipelines 
Interest and ability in learning and working in a fast paced dynamic environment across multiple technologies. 
 Nice to have's: 
Strong cross-functional communication - ability to break down complex technical components for technical and non-technical partners alike 
Demonstrated understanding of a wide variety of statistical and machine learning methods (resampling, regression, classification, ensemble methods, transfer learning, etc). 
Practical hands on experience with:
 Natural Language Processing or Understanding techniques and productionalization 
Deep Learning modeling techniques and infrastructure 
Ecosystem of data platform technologies such as: AWS Services (RDS, ECS/EKS, Lambda, S3), DBT, Snowflake, Databricks 
Data analytics tools (Looker preferred) 
Experience in healthcare working with real world data, particularly in the inpatient setting. 
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field, or equivalent training / experience 
 Qventus is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice which can be found here: https://qventus.com/ccpa-privacy-notice/ Qventus 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Qventus in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Qventus Qventus' mission is to simplify how healthcare operates so that hospitals and caregivers can focus on providing the best possible care to... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
