
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Market Senior Fellow - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Market Senior Fellow US Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Washington, DC $137,322 - $240,000 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $137,322 - $240,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This is a Fellowship position located in  The   Consumer Financial Protection Bureau,  Research, Markets & Regulations (RMR) Division, Office of Markets, Consumer Credit, Payments, and Deposits (CCPD) Section. As an Artificial Intelligence Market Senior Fellow, you will be the Bureau's foremost expert in Artificial Intelligence (AI), including Machine Learning (ML) technology, and other technology and applications in credit decisioning, regulatory compliance, and financial services. 
 Responsibilities 
 As an Artificial Intelligence Market Senior Fellow, you will provide subject matter expertise and leadership in service to RMR's research and policymaking initiatives involving complex and precedent-setting situations related to the areas above; and advice to the Bureau's fair lending, innovation, enforcement, supervisory, and consumer engagement efforts. Specific duties include:
 
 Under the direction of the Assistant Director, CCPD, develop an AI/ML agenda for Office of Markets and prioritize short- and long-term policy and operational goals related to development and utilization of AI/ML technologies and tools in the provision of consumer credit, regulatory compliance, and other financial services. Reach out to relevant stakeholders to gather input on AI/ML priority projects, determine opportunities, constraints, and obstacles, develop options, and build consensus toward a clear path forward. 
 Proactively build relationships with the Bureau's Supervision, Enforcement, Innovation, Consumer Response, Consumer Education & Engagement, Fair Lending, and other divisions as appropriate. Engage these stakeholders to jointly define priorities and identify ways that Office of Markets can more effectively, efficiently, or systematically support these divisions' needs related to development and utilization of AI/ML technologies and tools in the marketplace. 
 Lead, coordinate, and/or facilitate work and projects with analysts or cross-functional teams of analysts engaged in monitoring of current and emerging issues relating development and utilization of AI/ML technologies and tools in the provision of consumer credit, regulatory compliance, and other financial services. 
 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - 1 to 5 nights per month 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 71
 Job family (Series) 
 0301 Miscellaneous Administration And Program
 Similar jobs 
 Assistants, Office
 Office Assistants
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 The experience may have been gained in either the public, private sector or volunteer service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis. To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/day/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week on your resume. 
 
Key Requirements: 
 Please refer to "Conditions of Employment." 
 Must be U.S. Citizen or U.S. National 
 A Public Trust background investigation will be required 
 This position is being filled under the Bureau's excepted service authority. 
 Appointments under this authority will be made in the excepted service and do not convey competitive status 
 This appointment may be extended. 
 
 Qualifications 
 You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement. 
 
 Specialized Experience:  For the  CN-71 , you must have one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the next band/grade ( CN-60, GS-14  or equivalent) in the Federal service. For this position, specialized experience is defined as:
 Working with or researching artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) technologies and tools such as, but not limited to natural language processing, robotic process automation, and predictive analytics;  AND 
 Working with, researching for, and/or presenting to a professional audience on the application of AI/ML technologies and tools to a business problem or needs such as, but not limited to regulatory compliance; customer service delivery; data analytics in support of risk management, marketing; or predictive analytics;  AND 
 Managing or performing work on the subject of consumer/customer impact concerns such as privacy, fairness, and transparency as they relate to the application of AI/ML applications and technology. 
 Experience in the financial services industry is preferred, but not required.
 A new hire's direct and overall experience are critical factors in determining a salary offer, it is important that your resume fully reflects all of your work experience. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau determines the salary offer for each selectee based primarily on three key factors: 
 The selectee's directly related experience at the same level as the position 
 The selectee's overall experience in a particular industry or area 
 The salaries of other Bureau employees in similar positions and with similar levels of experience. 
 
 We also take the selectee's skill set into account. Applicants should note that salary offers seldom fall near the upper end of the salary range as listed in this vacancy announcement. Salary may be set from the minimum of the salary range to the midpoint of the salary range. In some instances, based on a selectee's extensive experience directly related to the position, salary may be set at or above the mid-point up to the maximum salary for that band level. See information on our base pay ranges and salary structure. 
 Our comprehensive benefits are among the most generous in the federal government. They include:- Challenging and rewarding work benefiting American consumers - Opportunities for development and advancement- Comprehensive Federal health, vision, dental, life, and long-term care insurance programs- Learn more about Federal benefits programs at: http://files.consumerfinance.gov/f/documents/201706_cfpb_benefits.pdf 
 Education 
 This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
 Additional information 
 OTHER INFORMATION: 
 
 We may select from this announcement or any other source to fill one or more vacancies. 
 This announcement may be used to fill like positions in other organizations within the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 This is a bargaining unit position. 
 We offer opportunities for telework. 
 We offer opportunities for flexible work schedules. 
 Bureau employees are subject to government-wide ethical standards of conduct, financial disclosure requirements, and post-employment prohibitions, which applicants may review at www.oge.gov. In addition, employees must comply with the Supplemental Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (5 CFR 9401), which, among other things, prohibit an employee or the employee's spouse or minor child from owning or controlling a debt or equity interest in an entity supervised by the Bureau. Regulations also impose restrictions on the outside activities of certain Bureau employees, including examiners and attorneys. Applicants may review the Bureau ethics regulations and a summary of the regulations at www.consumerfinance.gov. Questions regarding these requirements and prohibitions should be directed to the Bureau Ethics Office at EthicsHelp@cfpb.gov. 
 CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: 
 A trial period that will cover the full period of the appointment may be required. 
 Public Trust - Background Investigation will be required. 
 Complete a Declaration for Federal Employment to determine your suitability for Federal employment, at the time requested by the agency. 
 Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer. 
 If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so. 
 Go through a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process that requires two forms of identification from the Form i-9. Federal law requires verification of the identity and employment eligibility of all new hires in the U.S. 
 Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel. 
 File a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report within 30 days of appointment and annually from then on. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 See our tips on the application process and printable checklist to ensure each step of the application is completed. 
 
Your application includes your résumé, responses to the online questions, and required supporting documents. Please be sure that your résumé includes detailed information to support your qualifications for this position; failure to provide sufficient evidence in your résumé may result in a "not qualified" determination. 
 
 Rating : Your application will be reviewed for minimum qualifications by a Subject Matter Expert. 
 
Applicants eligible for Veterans' Preference will receive selection priority over non-veteran preference eligibles. 
 
 Referral : If you are among the top qualified candidates, your application may be referred to a selecting official for consideration. You may be required to participate in a selection interview. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Other
 Drug test required 
 No
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 A complete application includes 1. A résumé, 2. Vacancy question responses, and 3. Submission of any required documents.
 
 
Please note that if you do not provide all required information, as specified in this announcement, you may not be considered for this position (or may not receive the special consideration for which you may be eligible). Please ensure all required documents, including any required work samples, narratives, or other materials as stated in this announcement, are attached to your application package 
 
 All applicants are required to submit a résumé  either by creating one in USAJOBS or uploading one of their own choosing. (Cover letters are optional.) To receive full credit for relevant experience, please list the month/date/year and number of hours worked for experience listed on your résumé. We suggest that you preview the online questions, as you may need to customize your résumé to ensure that it supports your responses to these questions. Please view résumé tips. 
 
 VETERANS' PREFERENCE DOCUMENTATION:  If you are claiming veterans preference, please see applicant guide for required documentation. In order to be considered for veterans preference, you must submit all required documentation as outlined in the applicant guide.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 U.S Citizens or U.S. Nationals; No prior federal experience is required. usajobs.gov Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Fellow jobs in Washington, DC Senior Fellow salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
