
 
 
 
 AI and RPA Developer - Kansas City, KS 66106 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI and RPA Developer Brillient Corporation 70 reviews Kansas City, KS 66106 Brillient Corporation 70 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Position:  Artificial Intelligence (AI), Intelligent Automation (IA) and Robotic Process Automation (RPA) Developer 
Responsibilities: 
 Design, articulate, and deliver Artificial Intelligence (AI), Intelligent Automation (IA) and RPA solutions that are scalable, robust, secure, and resilient. Prototype Natural Language Processing (NLP), Machine Learning (ML) and other AI solutions to respond to business needs for cost-efficiency, improved quality, and agility. Communicate effectively about AI, IA and RPA with a broad range of audiences, from internal leaders to external customers. Serve as the company expert on industry software partner capabilities, document these capabilities, and advise on teaming partners in support of business pursuits and proposal development. 
Required Skills: 
 Thorough knowledge and understanding of many areas of AI (Machine Learning, Cognitive Automation, PA, RPA, NLP, Deep Learning ). Familiarity with leading commercial and Open Source AI / ML / Data Science platforms. Experience in supervised learning classifiers and various unsupervised learning algorithms like bootstrapping. Understanding of Artificial Neural Network and deep learning concepts. 3+ years of hands-on experience with AI, IA and RPA. Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Data Science. Scripting Language Experience: Python 2.7 and above. 
Desired Skills: 
 Familiarity with machine learning services from AWS, Azure and GCP. Familiarity with a broad range of current deep learning tools (such as Stanford CoreNLP, OpenNLP, TensorFlow, Spark, Theano, PyTorch, Scikit-learn). Data Collection Framework experience (such as Apache Flume, Apache Scoop, ELK stack). Experience with data processing pipelines (such as Luigi, Oozie, AriFlow). Event Bus experience (Kafka, RabbitMQ). Data Store Experience: PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, Neo4j. Experience with graph database and GraphQL. Experience with and ability to formulate solutions using one or more of the following models: Deep Learning (CNNs, RCNNs, LSTMs), GANs, Autoencoders, Reinforcement Learning, Siamese Networks, Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Support Vector Machines, Hidden Markov Models, Conditional Random Fields, Latent Dirichlet Allocation Linux Experience. Deployment experience using Docker. Cloud / hybrid / On-prem deployment architectures for AI solutions. 
Equipment Operated:  Computer hardware and software as well as standard office equipment including computers, fax machines, copiers, printers, telephones, etc. 
Work Environment:  Work performed in an office or call center environment. Involves frequent contact with staff and customers. 
Mental/Physical Requirements:  Manual dexterity for office machine operation; stooping, bending to handle files and supplies, mobility to complete errands or deliveries. Must be able to remain in stationary position for extended periods of time. Stress can be triggered by multiple demands and deadlines.
 DISCLAIMER:  The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, skills, efforts, requirements, or working conditions. Management reserves the right to revise the job or to require that other or different tasks be performed as assigned in accordance with business demands and/or contractual requirements. Brillient Corporation 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Developer jobs in Kansas City, KS Jobs at Brillient Corporation in Kansas City, KS Developer salaries in Kansas City, KS Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brillient Corporation Brillient Corporation 70 reviews Brillient is an award-winning Full Spectrum Digital Transformation company enabling clients to transform through the continuum of analog,... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
