
 
 
 
 Human-Computer Interaction Research Scientist - Los Altos, CA 94022 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Human-Computer Interaction Research Scientist Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Los Altos, CA 94022 Full-time Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Toyota Research Institute (TRI), we’re working to build a future where everyone has the freedom to move, engage, and explore with a focus on reducing vehicle collisions, injuries, and fatalities. Join us in our mission to improve the quality of human life through advances in artificial intelligence, automated driving, robotics, and materials science. We’re dedicated to building a world of “mobility for all” where everyone, regardless of age or ability, can live in harmony with technology to enjoy a better life. Through innovations in AI, we’ll help… 
Develop vehicles incapable of causing a crash, regardless of the actions of the driver. Develop technology for vehicles and robots to help people enjoy new levels of independence, access, and mobility. Bring advanced mobility technology to market faster. Discover new materials that will make batteries and hydrogen fuel cells smaller, lighter, less expensive, and more powerful. Develop human-centered AI systems to augment (not replace) human decision-making to increase the quality of decisions (e.g. mitigate cognitive biases) and/or to facilitate faster innovation cycles. 
Our work is guided by a dedication to safety – in both what we research and how we perform our research our goal is to benefit society. As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies. Over half of our technical team carries Ph.D. degrees. We’re continually searching for the world’s best talent ‒ people who are ready to define the new world of mobility with us! 
We strive to build a company that helps our people thrive, achieve work-life balance, and bring their best selves to work. At TRI, you will have the opportunity to enjoy the best of both worlds ‒ a fun environment with forward-thinking people who enjoy solving tough problems and the financial backing to successfully achieve your goals. Come work with TRI if you’re interested in transforming mobility through designing technology for safer cars, enabling the elderly to age in place, or designing alternative fuel sources. Start your impossible with us. 
TRI’s Machine Assisted Cognition (MAC) team is developing AI systems to augment (not replace) human decision-making. In particular, MAC is advancing the intersection between behavioral science, machine learning, human-computer interaction, and causal inference to enhance human decision-making. MAC will achieve this through simultaneously: 
1) Conducting experiments on the mechanisms underlying decision making to build predictive models of human behavior, and 
2) Conducting research on understanding those decisions, including new ways to engage and interact with those models, and investigating the nature of understanding information uncovered in our models. 
 Responsibilities: 
Collaborate cross-functionally with specialists in multiple fields, as well as university partners to research and develop novel ways to demonstrate AI to augment human decision making. Some potential research and development areas may include: 
Increasing quality of predictions, judgments, and decisions by creating new behavioral insights and computational models 
Speeding up predictions, judgments, and decisions 
Scaling up to more complex cognitive tasks and larger groups while countering the tendency of groups to be risk-averse. 
Insights or tooling into how people can better understand human decision making (driven by models) and explainable AI (XAI) 
Applying machine learning or reinforcement learning to model human behavioral data in ways consistent with human cognition 
Conduct groundbreaking research at the intersection of behavioral science, AI, HCI as it relates to decision making resulting in peer-reviewed publications and/or patents 
Co-define research projects and inform the strategy behind the research agenda of the Machine Assisted Cognition team 
 Qualifications: 
Degree in Psychology, Behavioral Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Information Sciences, or equivalent. Ph.D. preferred. 
Experience in interdisciplinary research in these areas 
Strong research background, including top-tier peer-reviewed publications. 
Experience in use-inspired basic research and/or applying academic research in an industry setting 
Strong interpersonal skills. Great teammate. 
Appetite to learn across functions. 
Ability to lead cross-functional projects. 
 Please add a link to Google Scholar and include a full list of publications when submitting your CV to this position. 
Please reference this Candidate Privacy Notice to inform you of the categories of personal information that we collect from individuals who inquire about and/or apply to work for Toyota Research Institute, Inc. or its subsidiaries, including Toyota A.I. Ventures GP, L.P., and the purposes for which we use such personal information. Toyota Research Institute 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Los Altos, CA Jobs at Toyota Research Institute in Los Altos, CA Computer Scientist salaries in Los Altos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Research Institute 5 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
