
 
 
 
 Research Associate – Defense Innovation - Alexandria, VA 22311 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate – Defense Innovation Institute for Defense Analyses 49 reviews Alexandria, VA 22311 Institute for Defense Analyses 49 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Effective October 11, 2021, all current and newly hired IDA employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless they have been granted a medical or religious exemption. Individuals who accept employment with IDA will be required to provide proof that they are fully vaccinated or receive approval for a medical or religious accommodation prior to starting employment. 
 
Overview 
 
The Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA) is a non-profit federally funded research and development center. IDA provides answers to questions posed by the Department of Defense and other agencies that require careful analysis. IDA takes great pride in the high caliber and timeliness of its analyses, which are produced in an atmosphere that encourages independent thinking and objective results. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
The Joint Advanced Warfighting Division (JAWD) has an immediate opening for a Research Associate (RA) with a strong interest in defense innovation, demonstrated analytical skills and relevant educational training. Full-time professional staff at IDA are expected to be able to work independently, as a members of a study team, or under the direction of senior study leaders and analysts. 
 
Research Staff are expected to be familiar with standard methods for collecting, compiling, summarizing, analyzing and presenting qualitative and quantitative data/information. They should be able to develop or apply appropriate methods to support the needs of particular studies or analyses. As members of interdisciplinary research teams, researchers must demonstrate strong communication (oral and written) and interpersonal skills with the ability to contribute effectively to a team approach to problem solving. 
 
The national security issues that IDA addresses change constantly, and researchers are expected to be adaptable and self- motivated, demonstrate a capacity for independent thought, sound judgment, and creativity in analyzing complex policy, operational, and technical problems. As part of the research process, IDA research teams may travel to US government or US security partner locations (typically, but not always headquarters or office-like locations). Researchers may be asked to assist in these field research activities as projects require. 
 
Duties include: 
 
 Researching topics independently, compiling data, and presenting information both orally, visually and in writing. 
 Conducting independent analyses using appropriate analytical tools, research methods, and best practices. 
 Linking advanced technology (such as AI and autonomy) to operational and organizational considerations through analyses, concept development, and other approaches (such as live-virtual or constructive experimentation). 
 Contributing to written task reports, papers, and briefings to Government officials. Prepare conference materials, and planning meetings with individuals and organizations outside of IDA interact with Government representatives 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 A Bachelors degree 
 2-4 years of relevant work experience. 
 Experience in defense innovation related areas such as technology assessments, technology integration, capability development, or related areas. 
 A demonstrated ability to conduct research and analysis in an unstructured environment is required. 
 The ability to communicate research and analysis simply and clearly in accepted research writing styles (such as MLA, APA, or Chicago style) is required. 
 Candidates will be asked to provide a writing sample demonstrating research and writing skills. 
 Demonstrated ability to assemble and organize large, complex data sets from structured and unstructured qualitative and quantitative sources. 
 Candidates are highly encouraged to submit a cover letter outlining their interests, skill set, experiences, and education. 
 Successful completion of a criminal background check is required. 
 Desired Qualifications 
 
 A Master’s degree (Political Science, International Relations, Public Policy, and relevant STEM or related disciples). 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Access, Excel, and PowerPoint is desired. 
 An academic background or working knowledge of national security - interagency, military, or intelligence operations. 
 Academic or demonstrated quantitative training (mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related discipline). 
 Demonstrated ability to publish in professional literature outlets 
 A strong interest in innovation in a national security context. 
 
 U.S. Citizenship is required 
Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance is required 
Equal Opportunity Employer Institute for Defense Analyses 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Alexandria, VA Jobs at Institute for Defense Analyses in Alexandria, VA Research Associate salaries in Alexandria, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Institute for Defense Analyses Institute for Defense Analyses 49 reviews The Institute for Defense Analyses is a nonprofit organization that provides government agencies with high-quality, objective analyses of... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
