
 
 
 
 Machine Learning/NLP Engineer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning/NLP Engineer NN Tech, LLC New York, NY Remote Machine Learning Engineer
 Our exclusive client is the leader in Language Intelligence, the next-generation of deep learning powered Natural Language Understanding, is immediately hiring a ML Engineer to join the engineering team. Our client has been selected by Business Insider as one of the 81 startups expected to boom in 2021, this is an opportunity to engage with high-profile enterprise customers to create something genuinely new and significant.
 Why Join?
 We are making serious strides towards transforming decision-making for key technical industries, like Life Sciences, Healthcare, Insurance, and Engineering, that power the world and you would be a critical part of our success. We have incredible insights into markets and how to build technology that is powerful and differentiated. All while solving huge challenges in people’s lives and health that were previously intractable to prior generations of technology. You will help us move even faster.
 You’ll join a team of brilliant, passionate people working collaboratively to build a sustainable, scalable organization committed to using understanding to create a better world.
 You’ll be empowered to innovate and apply your intellectual curiosity to interesting technical & business challenges.
 You’ll actively work to transform an established approach to work and learning with groundbreaking, bleeding edge technology.
 You are in the pursuit of mastery and excellence, and are seeking a space and people who share your obsession
 Job Opportunity
 Our exclusive client is currently seeking three (3) Machine Learning Engineers specialised in Natural Language Processing and Understanding (or what we like to call an Apprentice NLP Wizard) to help grow our current AI solutions with creative and innovative approaches. You will work with our in-house and contracted platform development team, and work with our technology team to build a ground-breaking knowledge platform. We are looking for an engineer as passionate as we are about building machines that truly understand language and can aid subject matter experts better navigate their workflows.
 Not to be negative, but don’t waste your time if:
 you just want to apply off-the-shelf AI tools to existing data sets;
 you’ve never tried to read the code of an application or library to either (a) fix it or (b) understand how it did something;
 you are afraid of the unknown.
 Responsibilities
 As our ML Engineer, you will be responsible for building end to end ML models, particularly in areas where labelled data is either scarce or non-existing. Out-of-the-box thinking will be required to bring solutions to problems that do not have an established solution. Managing source-code version control discipline (Git) and overseeing code delivery into our projects, testing, and deployment. We are looking for someone with strong engineering discipline and a pragmatic focus on delivering functional code, not allegiance to any one language. We value creativity, the hacker ethos, the near-obsessive focus on building something that will make the future come a bit closer into focus. This role will report to the Lead AI engineer. The ML engineer can be based remotely but will need to work during business hours in US eastern time. We are offering a competitive base salary/benefits package and equity.
 Requirements
 Have at least three years (two if you don’t sleep very much) of recent experience in Python
 Have demonstrable experience in all aspects of the ML lifecycle (processing, training, evaluating, deploying, serving, monitoring), preferably in the NLP domain
 Are curious and somewhat educated (formally or informally) about cognition and language
 Have at least a year’s experience with collaborative software development practices (i.e. source control, issues, milestones, code reviews, etc)
 Can work (and have worked) late and/or early under the influence of a deadline or inspiration
 Can communicate and work well with non-technical or less-technical folks
 Can collaborate well with team members who are located across the globe
 Aren’t afraid of a little math now and then
 Have just the right amount of ego
 Preferred Qualifications
 MSc./PhD in Computer Science, AI or related fields from a top tier university
 Expertise in one or more of the following domains: Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and Natural Language Generation (NLG), Graph Algorithms, Machine Learning.
 Strong background in developing and deploying ML models (participation in Kaggle competitions is a plus).
 Past participation in the technology role in a prior venture-funded startup
 Self starter who can be productive from the first day
 A sense of humor, and calm under pressure
 About Our Clients Ethos
 Understanding is the key to intelligence. With this principle at heart, we leverage Language Intelligence to give our customers fluid and fluent access to and control over the inherent complexities of their businesses. We believe in augmenting human beings, not replacing them. Our platform gently directs users towards the right answer, and always supports human experts.
 Because (human + AI) > human or AI alone
 Our client is an Equal Opportunity Employer dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse environment, and strongly encourages applications from diverse candidates. NN Tech, LLC 11 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at NN Tech in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from NN Tech, LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
