
 
 
 
 Data Scientist in Computational Pathology - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist in Computational Pathology Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Full-time Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
No 
Department 
Laboratory Medicine & Pathology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Join the authority in medicine and partner with the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report 2020-2021), ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. At Mayo Clinic, we believe there is a better path to healing that humanizes the practice of health care and inspires hope in the people who need it most. You will be part of an amazing diverse team committed to solving the most serious and complex medical challenges - one patient at a time.
 Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits . Eligibility may vary. 
Position description 
The newly formed Division of Computational Pathology & AI at the Mayo Clinic, Rochester is seeking data scientists for Senior Associate Consultant Faculty positions to advance the field of pathology within the Department of Laboratory Medicine & Pathology and throughout the institution through AI and innovation. The Division will serve as the academic home for highly collaborative, multidisciplinary faculty and staff who leverage data science, information, and digital technologies to enable translation and application of data, information and knowledge within the fields of laboratory medicine and pathology.
 With Mayo's 2030 initiative of transitioning to a digital institution and large enterprise commitment to AI, successful candidates will develop and leverage digital tools to revolutionize the practice of pathology. This will be accomplished by working collaboratively with highly specialized internal and external multidisciplinary teams to develop and translate informatics discoveries to enhance our practice, education, and research. 
Types of responsibilities: 
Assist in analyzing Mayo Clinic's 25+ million digital slide archive and annotated clinical data 
Large clinical lab database; access to 25 million tests performed annually from over 3500 clinically available tests 
Leverage the clinical expertise across the Mayo Clinic enterprise to develop translational digital tools to improve patient care 
Develop multi-modal tools to improve the diagnostic practice of pathology 
Redesign the lab of the future with new technologies 
Leverage AI to identify novel image-based biomarkers 
Collaborate with industry leading companies to solve challenging diagnostic problems 
Help shape the strategy and vision of the new division 
Scholarly work such as publications and presenting at conferences 
Assist in training fellows, graduate and medical students research 
Work with Mayo Clinic's Platform team 
Conduct exploratory AI experiments 
License or certification 
Qualified individuals should possess a relevant Ph.D. or documented experience in AI for biomedical applications. Post-graduate training and/or experience is desirable. Ideal candidates will have demonstrated research expertise in computational pathology.
 Excellent communication skills and the ability to manage and partner with teams of scientists and other healthcare professionals are essential. This position offers the ability to occasionally telework. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
Physicians & Scientists 
Specialty 
Laboratory Medicine & Pathology 
Job posting number 
161201BR 
Recruiter 
David Binder 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN Data Scientist salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,347 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
