
 
 
 
 Manager - S&A/A&C - Investment Management & Real Estate - Artificial Intelligence Architect - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager - S&A/A&C - Investment Management & Real Estate - Artificial Intelligence Architect Deloitte 10,220 reviews New York, NY Full-time Deloitte 10,220 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Strategy & Analytics-Analytics and Cognitive 
 
 Investment Management & Real Estate - Artificial Intelligence Architect, Manager 
 
Limited immigration sponsorship may be available. 
 
 Work you'll do 
At Deloitte you will manage and deliver components of client engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions for large companies. Key responsibilities will include: 
 
Architect, Position, Design, Develop and Deploy enterprise solutions which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Services 
Manage teams in the identification of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures. 
Formulate planning, budgeting, forecasting and reporting strategies. 
Manage full life cycle implementations. 
Develop statements of work and/or client proposals. 
Identify business opportunities to increase usability and profitability of information architecture. 
Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement. 
Develop and manage vendor relationships. 
Lead workshops for client education. 
Manage resources and budget on client projects. 
Assist and drive the team by providing oversight. 
 
The team 
Analytics & Cognitive 
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. 
 
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting enterprise programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. 
 
The Analytics & Cognitive team works with our clients to: 
 
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based as well as client-owned platforms 
Deploy automation and cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions 
Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements 
 
Qualifications: 
 
6+ years of relevant work experience 
4+ years of Financial Services Industry experience 
2+ years of experience leading and managing project teams 
Travel up to 80-100% of the time (Monday - Thursday/Friday) (While 80-100% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.) 
 
Preferred: 
 
2+ years of consulting experience on AI projects 
Experience architecting, designing, developing and deploying enterprise solutions, based on client or business vision, which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Science 
Experience in Hadoop, Spark, Storm or related paradigms and associated languages such as Pig, Hive, Mahout, plus advanced skills in Java/C++, R, Python, etc. 
Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA. SAS/Base, SAS/Stat, SAS/Macro preferred 
Demonstrated expertise in at least one of the following: machine learning, deep learning, time-series modeling, propensity and prediction, behavioral nudges, recommenders, anomaly detection, segmentation, AI architecture, AI interface design 
Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.g., Decision Trees, Naïve Bayes Classification, Ordinary Least Squares Regression, Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines, Ensemble Methods, Clustering Algorithms, Principal Component Analysis, Singular Value Decomposition, Independent Component Analysis) 
In-depth theoretical and practical knowledge in a few select areas from across the AI spectrum 
Bachelor's Degree preferably in applied mathematics, statistics, computer science, data science, electrical engineering, physics, or closely related field 
Formal training in one or many of the following: signal processing, optimization, machine learning, linear algebra 
Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.g., prediction models, behavioral analytics, etc.) 
2+ years' experience working with Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/Sagemaker, MS LUIS Chat, MS Azure Cognitive/ML 
Expertise in 2+ domains preferred (e.g., Customer & Marketing, Finance, M&A, Operations, Pricing, Risk, Supply Chain, Workforce, etc.). Example of expertise includes: 
Supply Chain: Knowledge of operations, manufacturing, quality or operations strategy for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device organizations 
Payments: Experience with use cases such as fraud detection, cashierless stores, hyperpersonalized credit scores, enhanced customer service, etc. 
Customer: Experience with use cases such as reduce customer churn, accurately price products / services, increase up-sell / cross-sell, reduce service Center call times, etc. 
HR: Experience with use cases such as improve workforce / role matching, workforce optimization, increase learning effectiveness, align total rewards by employee type, etc. 
IT: Experience with use cases such as optimize infrastructure use, optimize system / application performance, reduce IT security breaches, etc. 
Risk: Experience with use cases such as improve safety/standards compliance, improve fraud detection, improve regulatory compliance 
Operations: Experience with use cases such as eliminate underperforming SKUs, optimize fleet size and logistics, optimize inventory management 
Strong experience running pursuits (US Practitioners) 
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a concise and actionable manner 
Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements. 
Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) (US Practitioners) 
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment 
An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred 
 
How you'll grow 
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there's always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.
 
 
 Benefits 
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
 
 
 Deloitte's culture 
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.
 
 
 Corporate citizenship 
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte's impact on the world.
 
 
 Recruiter tips 
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you're applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.
 
 
There is no data to display. Deloitte 23 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Real Estate Associate jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Deloitte in New York, NY Real Estate Associate salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,220 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
