
 
 
 
 Sr. Manager - Competitive Intelligence & Market Research - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Manager - Competitive Intelligence & Market Research Delfi Diagnostics Palo Alto, CA About Us 
Our mission is to cure cancer through high performance, accessible early cancer detection. That means saving lives. 
Delfi Diagnostics is a Johns Hopkins spinoff focused on the non-invasive detection of cancer at earlier stages, when it is most curable. DELFI uses artificial intelligence and whole genome sequencing to detect unique patterns of DNA fragmentation in the blood of patients with cancer. These analyses are performed through simultaneous examination of millions of DNA sequences using machine learning to identify tumor-specific abnormalities. 
In our passionate pursuit to radically improve health outcomes, we serve humanity when we: 
Lead with Science, Anchor in Pragmatism: We pioneer life-changing science by ensuring quality, transparency, and rigor at all times. We explore thoughtfully, experiment smartly, and deliver impact with conviction. 
 
 Build With & For All: We embrace diverse backgrounds to innovate and achieve together. We are not just building a product - we aim to disrupt the path of cancer for all - no matter geography or socioeconomic class 
Put We over I: We are a home for high-performing people. Through teamwork, we build collective intelligence. Each of us wins when those we serve and those who serve with us-win. We show up with empathy, humility, and integrity at every step of the journey. 
In this role, you will develop and maintain an objective and detailed understanding of current and future oncology markets and market opportunities, landscapes and trends, and competitor activity. You will work with a broad, cross functional team including commercial, marketing, market access, clinical development, medical, and operations to align on market assessment and insight needs. 
 What you’ll do 
Lead the global competitive analysis, market research, and product landscape analysis for current and future products 
Develop reporting and tracking mechanisms, including tools and processes, to support effective and accurate data collection and analysis 
Conduct forecasting and analytics related to product and pipeline planning, business development, and commercial needs 
Provide insights support for strategic initiatives, business development proposals, and other investment opportunities 
Partner with cross functional teams to identify market opportunities and applications of the DELFI technology 
Act as SME in all areas of competitive intelligence and market landscapes 
Other duties as assigned 
 What you’ll have accomplished 12 months from now 
Developed and maintained the competitive intelligence framework for current and developing product applications 
Developed and executed the market research plan, inclusive of strategic goal setting, budgeting, and analysis plans 
Developed long-term strategic forecasts for potential products that incorporate competitive landscapes, changing treatment paradigms, and pricing and access dynamics 
 What you’ll bring to DELFI 
5+ years of relevant experience in life sciences, healthcare, biopharma, or consulting industry, including 3+ years of market research and/or strategic analysis and planning experience 
Excellent analytical, market research and interpretive skills 
Strong analytical skills with a successful track record of developing and managing analysis which drive successful business results 
Results-oriented, demonstrating a high level of ownership and accountability in delivering outcomes 
Ability to work in a high-energy, fast paced, and collaborative cross functional environment 
Overall positive attitude, strong communication skills, fearless with risk and enjoy working hard while having fun. 
Experience conducting quantitative and qualitative research is required and market analysis is required. 
Preferred 
Previous experience in launching diagnostics, and exposure to diagnostic/screening product development and brand marketing are strongly preferred 
 Delfi Diagnostics requires that all employees be fully vaccinated for Covid-19. Proof of vaccination or sincerely held religious belief and/or medical exemption is required upon hire. Delfi Diagnostics will engage in an interactive dialogue process with employees who have documented medical conditions and/or sincerely held religious beliefs that would prevent them from getting vaccinated, in accordance with all applicable laws. 
An equal opportunity employer 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Delfi Diagnostics 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Market Researcher jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Delfi Diagnostics in Palo Alto, CA Senior Market Researcher salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Delfi Diagnostics Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
