
 
 
 
 Computer Scientist - Phoenix, AZ 85016 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Scientist GAP Solutions, Inc. 107 reviews Phoenix, AZ 85016 GAP Solutions, Inc. 107 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Provide services as a Computer Scientist in support of the Scientific, Operations and Administrative Resources (SOAR) program at various Institutes and Centers within the National Institutes of Health (NIH). 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Designs and implements software and hardware systems to support scientific research. 
 Evaluates experiment and testing strategies and identify new approaches, methods, and systems. 
 Monitors and evaluates computer information systems and application performance. 
 Provides subject matter expertise to senior scientists and program executives. 
 Develops advanced approaches to artificial intelligence and machine learning to support scientific research. 
 Performs other duties as assigned.[SR3] 
 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
 Master's in Computer Science, Information Technology
 Level 1 – requires 8-10 years of relevant experience. 
 Expertise in theoretical computing (e.g. algorithm and data structure development, computational complexity, information or database theory, etc.). 
 Expertise in computer operating systems development, software development, and testing. 
 Proficiency with MS Office Suite. 
 
 Minimum  Qualifications: 
 Ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing, with non-technical and technical staff. 
 Detail-oriented and possess strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks and projects. 
 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 
 This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required by this position. 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 
 GAP Solutions provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job, email us at recruiting@gapsi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned. GAP Solutions, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Scientist jobs in Phoenix, AZ Jobs at GAP Solutions in Phoenix, AZ Computer Scientist salaries in Phoenix, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from GAP Solutions, Inc. GAP Solutions, Inc. 107 reviews GAP Solutions champions the missions of our Federal Government customers and delivers value through people, process, and solutions.

We... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
