
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Associate - Computational Earth Sciences - Oak Ridge, TN 37830 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Research Associate - Computational Earth Sciences Oak Ridge National Laboratory 208 reviews Oak Ridge, TN 37830 Oak Ridge National Laboratory 208 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Id 6463 
Overview:
 Oak Ridge National Laboratory is the largest US Department of Energy science and energy laboratory, conducting basic and applied research to deliver transformative solutions to compelling problems in energy and security. 
We are seeking a Postdoctoral Research Associate who will support the Computational Earth Sciences Group (CESG) in the Computational Sciences & Engineering Division (CSED) at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) in the fields of Computational Earth Sciences and Artificial Intelligence (AI) with a strong background in subsurface sciences and computational sciences. 
 ORNL’s CESG conducts world-class research and development in Earth system modeling, large scale data analytics and machine learning (ML), and model-data integration at the US Department of Energy’s (DOE’s) Leadership Class Computing Facilities (LCFs). 
Major Duties/Responsibilities:
 Develop strategies for informing operational decisions of carbon storage in geologic formations (e.g., deep saline reserovirs) by forecasting plume migration in response to injection and production scenarios 
Use AI/ML techniques to perform rapid analysis of real-time observations to inform operational decisions in field-scale carbon storage 
Work with the AI research team to develop ML and data analytics algorithms, including object detection, image analysis, high-dimensional optimization, uncertainty quantification (UQ), and data-efficient AI/ML algorithms for scientific applications 
Develop computationally scalable ML algorithms and scale the algorithms on high performance computing (HPC) platforms 
Collaborate with a diverse team of geoscientists, environmental scientists, and computational scientists within the CESG, the Environmental Sciences Division and across DOE Labs and partner universities to apply AI/ML algorithms and UQ methods aimed at accelerating real-time decisions in carbon storage applications 
Publish research in peer-reviewed journals and present results at national and international conferences 
Basic Qualifications: 
A PhD in Geosciences, Engineering, Hydrology, Computational Sciences or a related field completed within the last 5 years 
Research experience in AI/ML and geoscientific modeling 
Experience in HPC, particularly as applied to AI/ML algorithms and large-scale models 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Knowledge of UQ and inverse modeling methods and AI/ML algorithms 
Experience with data manipulation and analysis packages 
Experience with the Linux operating system, LaTeX, Git, and Python 
Familiar with Python programming using PyTorch and TensorFlow 
Collaborative research capabilities as demonstrated by existing peer reviewed publications and technical proposals 
Strongly motivated to perform and publish leading edge research.Excellent written and oral communication skills
 Motivated self-starter with the ability to work independently and to participate creatively in collaborative teams across the laboratory
 Ability to function well in a fast-paced research environment, set priorities to accomplish multiple tasks within deadlines, and adapt to ever changing needs 
 Applicants cannot have received their Ph.D. more than five years prior to the date of application and must complete all degree requirements before starting their appointment. The appointment length will be for up to 24 months with the potential for extension. Initial appointments and extensions are subject to performance and the availability of funding. 
Moving can be overwhelming and expensive. UT-Battelle offers a generous relocation package to ease the transition process. Domestic and international relocation assistance is available for certain positions. If invited to interview, be sure to ask your Recruiter (Talent Acquisition Partner) for details. 
For more information or technical questions, Please contact Dan Lu lud1@ornl.gov, Scott Painter paintersl@ornl.gov, or Forrest Hoffman forrest@climatemodeling.org. 
For more information about our benefits, working here, and living here, visit the “About” tab at jobs.ornl.gov. 
This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. 
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. 
If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. 
ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer. Oak Ridge National Laboratory 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Oak Ridge, TN Jobs at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, TN Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Oak Ridge, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oak Ridge National Laboratory Oak Ridge National Laboratory 208 reviews Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provides exceptional researchers with distinctive equipment and unique facilities to solve some of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
