
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Mathematics of AI - Yorktown Heights, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist - Mathematics of AI IBM 30,891 reviews Yorktown Heights, NY Temporarily remote Full-time IBM 30,891 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
We are seeking a Research Scientist (Research Staff Member) candidate for the Mathematics of AI research group with a demonstrated publication record in related areas of mathematics and theoretical computer science. We are specifically interested in expertise in formal logic as well as learning theory, generalizability, information theory, graph algorithms, reinforcement learning, and optimization. 
 
The group conducts research in automated reasoning, deep learning, neuro-symbolic AI, reinforcement learning, and natural language processing as well as fundamental exploratory research in computational geometry, multi-linear algebra, discrete and continuous optimization, complexity theory, game theory, analog and quantum computing algorithms. 
 
As a part of IBM Research, you will conduct world-class research on innovative technologies and solutions and publish in top-tier conferences and journals. You will also contribute to the commercialization of the resulting assets. Remote work is available, but you must be willing to work in the following locations: Yorktown Heights, NY or San Jose, CA. 
 
Responsibilities 
Be an active member of the research community, by contributing to the advancement of the foundations of AI, as well as to the broad area of mathematical sciences. Create new AI technologies, and make existing ones (such as Neuro-Symbolic AI) more effective, robust, scalable, and file patent disclosures as appropriate. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Proven publication record in top-tier journals or conferences such as STOC, FOCS, SODA, Neurips, ICML or AAAI 
Substantial experience with one or more general purpose programming language and machine learning packages would be preferable 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
None 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Yorktown Heights, NY Jobs at IBM in Yorktown Heights, NY Research Scientist salaries in Yorktown Heights, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,891 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
