
 
 
 
 Principal, Corporate Strategy - Mountain View, CA 94041 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal, Corporate Strategy Intuit 1,634 reviews Mountain View, CA 94041 Intuit 1,634 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Overview 
About Intuit 
Intuit believes in the power of the individual. The power to do more. To make more. To be more. 
We believe in the people who do things – the hat jugglers, the to-do list gurus, those who love getting it done faster, better, and more efficiently than ever before. Whether that's balancing the household budget, running a business, or paying taxes. 
We believe in these people because we are these people. We thrive on action – and results. And by making things simpler, we all get more out of doing what we love. We're innovators and have been at it for more than three decades. And we don't stand still. 
As the world evolves, so do we – inventing new solutions to solve important problems, perfecting those solutions, and delighting our customers. In short: We’re on a mission to power prosperity around the world. 
We started small in 1983 with Quicken personal finance software, simplifying a common household dilemma: balancing the family checkbook. Today, Intuit is a leading provider of fintech solutions for consumers, SMBs, and the self-employed. You probably know us by our flagship products, TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint, and Credit Karma, which serve over 90 million consumers and seven million small businesses and self-employed across North America, Europe, Australia, and Brazil. 
Just as we transformed before, from DOS to the web, and to the cloud and mobile, we are evolving again to deliver personalized experiences on a trusted, open platform that helps create indispensable connections. 
Supporting our mission, our strategy is to become an AI-driven expert platform and deliver three core benefits to our customers: 
More money - helping put more money in the pockets of our customers 
No Work - eliminating work and drudgery so they can focus on what matters to them 
Complete Confidence - ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make through our do-it-yourself or live expert support platforms 
As the way we live and work evolves, we adapt our strategy to meet and lead these changes. We are committed to creating new and easier ways for consumers and businesses to tackle life's financial chores, giving them more time to live their lives and run their businesses. As our businesses and product lines grow beyond finance and accounting into new areas, we will build on our heritage of innovation. That's not just our history. It's our future. 
About Corporate Strategy and Development: 
Intuit’s Corporate Strategy and Development (CS&D) team is focused on defining and accelerating Intuit’s top strategic priorities. The team works on direction-setting strategy and acquisition initiatives at the corporate level and across all of Intuit’s businesses. The team advises and collaborates with Intuit’s most senior leaders, executive team, and Board of Directors to define both the company’s overall strategy as well as the strategy for specific business lines - with a strong focus on driving growth. The team is responsible for developing the company’s strategic plans, anticipating opportunities and risks, and prioritizing initiatives and investments. CS&D projects drive major investment and resource allocation to build businesses and service lines. Projects are team-based, highly analytical in nature, and include close collaboration with senior executives from across the company. The team is seen as a key source of talent for leadership roles across Intuit. We are a tight-knit team that prides ourselves on being stronger together.
 What you'll bring 
6+ years of total work experience with a top-tier strategy consulting firm or a respected operating company’s strategy function (MBA preferred) 
Proven people leader with 2+ years leading teams of direct reports on high-profile strategic efforts 
Strong interpersonal and influencing skills and ability to interact with colleagues at all levels in a peer-like way 
An outstanding ability to analyze problems and apply quantitative and analytical approaches 
Ability to quickly synthesize information and structure a concise, clear presentation of findings to an executive audience 
Excellent written and verbal communications, presentation and facilitation skills 
Experience managing relationships with high-profile business stakeholders in the context of challenging cross-functional/cross-organizational projects 
Strong project management skills 
Passion for excellence and the desire to have a significant impact. 
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback 
How you will lead 
Come join Intuit’s Corporate Strategy and Development team as a Principal focused on growth strategy. We are looking for creative problem solvers and people leaders to join our team. As a Principal, you will lead teams that seek to identify and realize new growth opportunities for Intuit. You will lead teams to execute rigorous research and analysis, develop recommendations, and communicate a strong point of view to facilitate C-suite, CEO and/or Board level strategy decisions. 
It is essential that the individual selected for this position be able to quickly establish rapport, credibility, trust, and respect throughout the organization, and be viewed as a team player. The CS&D team is viewed as a source of leaders within Intuit and the individual will be expected to employ exceptional leadership skills and a learning mindset to be successful. 
The Principal role offers excellent opportunities to: 
Impact and drive company level strategy and the agendas of senior leaders, the CEO, and Board of Directors 
Develop expertise in a variety of businesses (Consumer, B2B) and functions 
Develop as a leader and people manager 
Gain significant exposure to senior leaders and career progression to other roles within CS&D and across Intuit 
Primary Responsibilities: 
Structure projects and develop work plans to deliver high priority strategic projects, mostly focused on growth 
Provide thought leadership and set the intellectual agenda for the team 
Lead inclusive problem solving sessions, guiding the team to “crack the case” 
Lead cross-functional strategy and BU teams in the execution of data-driven research and analysis that support growth strategies and decision making 
Author and deliver presentations, plans, and communications, grounded in data and insights 
Communicate and present strategic analyses and findings to C-level executives and BU leaders 
Develop relationships with mid-level and senior BU leaders and stay up to date with current BU strategic plans 
Understand and stay current with the competitive landscape 
Provide coaching and mentorship to help junior team members build out their craft skills Intuit 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Intuit in Mountain View, CA Principal salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intuit Intuit 1,634 reviews Intuit is a global technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Our innovative products like TurboTax, QuickB... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
