
 
 
 
 Corporate FP&A Manager – Special Projects - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Corporate FP&A Manager – Special Projects Facebook 631 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The Corporate FP&A team is looking for an experienced individual to drive process and system improvement initiatives as well as other special projects that impact the Finance & Business Planning (“FBP”) team and their business partners. This person will work closely with Finance Managers, Corporate Planning and key cross-functional partners to bring more scale, efficiency, innovation, and discipline to the financial planning organization. The ideal candidate is a self-motivated, critical thinker who understands different perspectives and translates insights into thoughtful solutions as well as collaborates and executes effectively across teams. 
Independently plan, lead and execute on complex finance projects collaborating across the FBP team and relevant cross-functional partners 
Operate with a deep understanding of core FP&A planning principles, processes and deliverables such as budgeting/forecasting, accruals and close, variance analysis, approvals, and reporting 
Identify improvement and efficiency opportunities and drive alignment & roadmaps for key planning responsibilities 
Develop strong stakeholder relationships, maintaining effective communication channels 
Prepare detailed analyses, plans, milestones, deliverables and overall status updates for projects 
Partner closely with other project teams such as Finance Transformation, Enterprise Products, and the FBP Center of Excellence to prioritize/plan/execute cross-functional projects 
Bachelor’s degree in business, finance, accounting, management or related field 
7+ years of FP&A experience 
Experience creating and/or improving finance & operations processes 
Experience with FP&A systems (Hyperion Essbase or Anaplan) 
Experience presenting to cross-functional partners 
Leadership experience to align project goals with organization and sponsor goals 
Experience with project management practices 
Experience identifying problematic areas and determining root cause 
Master’s degree in business, finance, accounting, management or related field 
Experience with SQL (i.e. Self-sufficient in writing queries to pull data) 
Experience working as a project manager within FP&A to support finance system implementations (e.g. EPM tool, BI tool, or ERP) or finance transformation initiatives 
Experience serving as a FP&A business partner to cross functional business partners (i.e. Engineering, Sales, Accounting, Finance and Legal) 
Experience with dashboard reporting tools (i.e. Tableau) 
Strong analytical and modeling skills 
Experience working in tech and an interest for emerging technologies (i.e. AI/ML, RPA) 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Financial Planning and Analysis Manager jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at Facebook in Menlo Park, CA Financial Planning and Analysis Manager salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
