
 
 
 
 Vice President, Business Intelligence - Southfield, MI 48034 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Vice President, Business Intelligence Sun Communities, Inc. 316 reviews Southfield, MI 48034 Full-time Sun Communities, Inc. 316 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Summary 
The Vice President of Business Intelligence will lead the vision, strategy, and execution for enterprise data to support a data-driven organization. The position is responsible for articulating strategic opportunities for data analytics, machine learning, and AI, for developing and delivering a roadmap of strategic BI goals, for developing resources and supporting analytics needs across business teams, and for driving the data strategy of a complex, growing organization. 
Duties 
Works in close collaboration with business experts, developers, analysts and project teams to understand data requirements, integration needs, constraints, and performance requirements. 
Ensures technical and design documentation is thorough, accessible and continuously maintained. 
Responsible for owning and developing the vision, strategy, and execution for enterprise data & analytics, ensuring scalability of systems, processes, and talent. 
Partners with business leaders to manage an integrated analytics roadmap. 
Lead teams responsible for building and managing technical infrastructure, data platform, and visualization technologies focused on end-users. 
Manage data insights and analytics, including enterprise dashboards and support the creation of functional dashboards in partnership with business functions. 
Oversee and ensure adherance to data governance and data integrity protocols and procedures. 
Lead machine learning and artificial intelligence initiatives. 
Lead high-value technology selection decisions with transparency to business leaders and alignment with enterprise architecture. 
Serve as a visionary and results-oriented leader whose team supports adoption of high-value data insights across the enterprise. 
Provide world-class, self-service data toolset for business users to maximize use of enterprise analytics. 
Ensures data management platforms and structures conform to industry best practices, SOX and other compliance requirements, SOD, audit logging, and data risk management. 
Helps, supports and mentors BI team members, assisting them in project work and helping with planning skill improvements. 
Other duties as assigned. 
Requirements 
Bachelor's Degree in Data Management, Information Technology, Computer Science or related field (Required) 
10+ years related work experience in data architecture, data management, and development 
2 years related work experience in machine learning artificial intelligence (AI) 
5 years experience with broad range of business intelligence (BI) tools 
7 years proven leadership experience building data analytics, data science and data engineering capabilities 
5 years experience selecting and integrating complementary market/consumer data 
Advanced knowledge of database development and data management technologies and processes 
Proven understanding of application development technologies and processes 
Advanced knowledge of data integration processes and technologies 
Hands-on design and development experience with multiple data technologies, including data warehouse, big data, data integration, and ETL 
Knowledge and experience with agile development practices 
Strong attention to detail and multi-tasking skills 
Outstanding business acumen with an understanding of business drivers and how to drive organizational value 
Knowledge and practical application of advanced statistical analysis and mathematical modeling concepts and principles 
Demonstrated track record of building and developing high-performing BI teams 
BENEFITS 
 At Sun Communities, you will be part of an industry-leading organization where you will be challenged, inspired, rewarded and transformed. We place a high priority on our team members, and this is a big part of what sets us apart. We will ask you to give us your very best every day, and will challenge you with interesting work, stretch assignments, a collaborative and supportive work environment and plenty of learning and growth. In exchange, we will reward you with great pay, advancement opportunities, paid time off, great benefits, and flexibility. 
 Comprehensive Medical and Prescription coverage with 4 plan options so you can choose the plan that best meets the needs of you and your family 
 Comprehensive Dental and Vision Plans 
 On-Site Fitness Center with Free Personal Training & Group Fitness Classes 
 Voluntary Health and Dependent Care Reimbursement Accounts 
 Life, Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance and Dependent Life 
 Short and Long-Term Disability Coverage 
 401(k) Plan with Sun matching contribution 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Identity Theft Insurance 
 Legal Assistance Plan 
 Pet Insurance 
 Tuition Reimbursement program providing financial support to team members who further their formal education 
 Vacation RV Site Discounts for team members when visiting SunRV Resorts across the nation 
 Team Member Perks & Discounts program with hundreds of discounts on things like travel, merchandise, mobile phone service, and more 
 Free Virtual 1:1 Tutoring for the children of Sun Team Members 
 Paid Time Off including ten holidays, vacation, personal, sick time, bereavement and pay for jury duty 
 
 Apply for a  Corporate Headquarters (HQ)  position, located in the  Metro Detroit, Michigan  market today. 
 Join our Talent Community and explore  Corporate Headquarters jobs  at Sun Communities. Sun Communities, Inc. Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President jobs in Southfield, MI Jobs at Sun Communities in Southfield, MI Vice President salaries in Southfield, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Sun Communities, Inc. Sun Communities, Inc. 316 reviews Established in 1975, Sun Communities became a publicly owned corporation in December, 1993. The company is a fully integrated real estate... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
