
 
 
 
 Research Specialist - Cambridge, MA 02139 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Specialist MIT 381 reviews Cambridge, MA 02139 Full-time MIT 381 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Working at MIT offers opportunities, an environment, a culture – and benefits – that just aren’t found together anywhere else. If you’re curious, motivated, want to be part of a unique community, and help shape the future – then take a look at this opportunity.
 Information on MIT’s COVID-19 vaccination requirement can be found at the bottom of this posting. 
 
 RESEARCH SPECIALIST ,  Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL) , to work closely with principal investigators, research scientists, postdoctoral associates, graduate students, and external collaborators on a project creating new models for program translation. Software has been built into every aspect of daily life. Code for AI is an exciting emergent area of research that aims to apply modern AI techniques to code data, with the goal of developing technologies that help software developers improve productivity and organizations glean software intelligence. The majority of software is written in programming languages that evolve rapidly, leading to increasingly high costs to maintain systems that age over time. Migration of legacy codebases to modern languages thus remains an important problem. This project explores how modern deep learning techniques in natural language processing can be adapted to the code domain. Will handle a variety of technical, training, and administrative activities supporting the research team through all phases of the project. Responsibilities include developing a baseline system by reimplementing existing work, exploring new deep learning architectures that leverage code structure, investigating self-supervised pretraining techniques, collecting and curating datasets for code translation, assisting with research development, participating in and assisting with proposal writing and technical writing for publication, consulting with external collaborators to determine the possibility of partnering on research projects, presenting research at conferences and other institutions, and developing and maintaining research project websites. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 REQUIRED : B.S./M.S. in computer science or related field; knowledge of Python and C+, modern machine learning techniques, and compilers and other programming language concepts; experience with PyTorch or TensorFlow, source control, and collaborative software development; and familiarity with Linux-based development environments.  Job #20023 MIT 30 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Specialist jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at MIT in Cambridge, MA Research Specialist salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from MIT MIT 381 reviews The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1861 in response... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
