
 
 
 
 CCOR - Compliance Director (Anti Corruption) - Executive Director - Jersey City, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CCOR - Compliance Director (Anti Corruption) - Executive Director JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews Jersey City, NJ JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Team: 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPMC) seeks a Compliance Director to support its Global Anti-Corruption Compliance (GACC) team in the United States. GACC manages the firm's global Anti-Corruption Program (the Program) which is designed to manage and mitigate corruption risk and to assist the firm and its employees in complying with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws around the world. GACC is part of the firm's Global Employee Compliance and Conduct organization which provides compliance coverage in relation to key employee-related regulatory and compliance risks such as: Anti-Corruption, Antitrust, Code of Conduct, Licensing and Registrations, and Personal Account Dealing. 
The Role: 
GACC Program Lead for Anything of Value and Investigations. The role will be responsible for oversight and execution of GACC's Anything of Value Workstream globally, which encompasses corruption risk areas including: referred candidates, gifts and entertainment (G&E), charitable contributions, and sponsorships. The role will also be responsible for driving strategic innovation of the Program's Anything of Value controls, including by leading the ongoing development and enhancement of expense monitoring activities. In addition, the role will have oversight of the Program's violations framework and will provide subject matter expert support on internal reviews related to breaches of the Anti-Corruption Policy. The role will report to the Global Head of Anti-Corruption Compliance and will be located in New Jersey.
 Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
Driving innovation and continued enhancement of the Anything of Value workstream and related controls across the Anything of Value corruption risk areas. 
 Acting as the main point of escalation for questions and issues related to the Anything of Value corruption risk areas (e.g., referred candidates, G&E). 
 Overseeing and handling referred candidate related pre-clearances and related advisory support in North America and Latin America. 
 Overseeing the development and maintenance of Anything of Value related technology owned by the Program across the Anything of Value corruption risk areas. 
 Designing, implementing and executing a strategic expense monitoring program targeted at identifying corruption risk in expense and other activity at the firm, including by exploring and potentially leading the build out of advanced technology solutions (e.g., machine learning and artificial intelligence).
 Overseeing the creation and submission of metrics and other MIS related to the Anything of Value corruption risk areas. 
 Leading and managing Anti-Corruption advisory support provided by the Program to internal investigatory functions on issues touching on the Anti-Corruption Policy. 
 Overseeing and managing the Program's policy violations program, including by: reviewing and developing violations scenarios; overseeing the issuance of violations; maintaining the case management tool used for violation issuance; and performing violation analysis and trending reviews. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience. 
 At least 7-10 years of experience in Anti-Corruption related compliance, legal/regulatory or risk positions. 
 Experience leading a functional group or work stream. 
 Proven success driving strategy and large scale and complex projects to completion, including the ability to formulate and execute project plans and follow-up on projects until completion. 
 Background in leading or assisting on investigations, forensic reviews or other similar analyses. 
 Background in data analysis and familiarity with data analytics tools. 
 Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and exercise sound judgment. 
 Effective and energetic collaborator committed to contributing to a positive team environment. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to present concise findings in a persuasive manner. 
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 8 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Compliance jobs in Jersey City, NJ Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Jersey City, NJ Director of Compliance salaries in Jersey City, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,601 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
