
 
 
 
 Clinical Research Associate I - Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM) Program - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Clinical Research Associate I - Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM) Program CEDARS-SINAI 1,000 reviews Los Angeles, CA Full-time CEDARS-SINAI 1,000 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description When the work you do every single day has a crucial impact on the lives of others, every effort, every detail, and every second matters. This shared culture of happiness, passion, and dedication pulses through Cedars-Sinai. 
 Current research in the Slomka Laboratory focuses on developing innovative methods for fully automated analysis of nuclear cardiology data using novel algorithms and machine learning techniques, and on the development of integrated motion-corrected analysis of positron emission tomography (PET)/computed tomography (CT) angiography imaging. Research in the Slomka Laboratory is supported by the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute at the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The Slomka Laboratory is affiliated with the Cedars-Sinai Division of Artificial Intelligence in the Department of Medicine, the Department of Cardiology and the Quantitative Diagnostic Software Group (QUAD). 
 The Clinical Research Associate I (CRA I) in our AIM Program will work directly with a Clinical Research Coordinator, Research Program Administrator, Research Nurse, or Principal Investigator to coordinate and/or implement the study. This role evaluates and abstracts research data, and ensures compliance with protocol and research objectives. Position is responsible for completing case report forms (CRFs), entering clinical research data, and assist with regulatory submissions to the Institutional Review Board (IRB). The CRA I may have limited contact with research participants as needed for study and assists with study budget and research participant billing. This role will comply with all federal, local, FDA, IRB, and HIPAA guidelines and regulations pertaining to the study and patient care. 
 In the Slomka Lab, the primary role of the Clinical Research Associate I is to coordinate and help implement research study activities and perform other tasks directly supporting the projects and the program. Job duties and responsibilities include research data management of NIH-sponsored cardiac imaging registry, manipulations with Excel and feature extraction from image data using image analysis programs, extracting data from medical record review, entering clinical research data, maintaining study documentation, and assisting with reporting results. 
 Primary Job Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Works with a Clinical Research Coordinator, Research Program Administrator or Research Nurse to coordinate/implement study. 
 Evaluates and abstracts clinical research data from source documents. 
 Ensures compliance with protocol and overall clinical research objectives. 
 Completes Case Report Forms (CRFs). 
 Enters clinical research data into Electronic Data Systems (EDCs) that are provided by the sponsors. 
 Provides supervised patient contact or patient contact for long term follow-up patients only. 
 Assists with regulatory submissions to the Institutional Review Board (IRB) and works closely with supervising research staff or directly with the Institutional Review Board to submit Adverse Events, Serious Adverse Events, and Safety Letters in accordance with local and federal guidelines. 
 Assists with clinical trial budgets as needed Assists with patient research billing as needed Schedules patients for research visits and research procedures. 
 
 Education: 
 Bachelor of Art or Sciences degree, required. 
 Experience and Skillset: 
 Understanding of general clinical research objectives. Clinical research experience, preferred. Cedars-Sinai Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Clinical Research Associate jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at CEDARS-SINAI in Los Angeles, CA Clinical Research Associate salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from CEDARS-SINAI CEDARS-SINAI 1,000 reviews Since its beginning in 1902, Cedars-Sinai has evolved to meet the healthcare needs of one of the most diverse regions in the nation, cont... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
