
 
 
 
 Principal Data Scientist - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Data Scientist Valassis 414 reviews Morrisville, NC Full-time Valassis 414 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
Vericast is a premier marketing solutions company that accelerates profitable revenue growth for the 70,000 businesses it serves directly by influencing consumer purchasing and transaction behavior at scale while engaging with over 120 million households daily. Its major business units, Valassis, Harland Clarke, RetailMeNot, and QuickPivot are recognized as leading providers of incentives, advertising, marketing services, transaction solutions, customer data and cross-channel campaign management, and intelligent media delivery that create millions of customer touch points annually for their clients. For more information, visit http://www.vericast.com or follow Vericast on LinkedIn. 
 
 Job Description 
Principal Data Scientist – Machine Learning & Real-Time Decision Processing 
Valassis Digital is the leader in online advertising technology. We process over 12 trillion calculations daily to analyze and decide on more than 110 billion digital ad requests. As a Data Scientist at Valassis Digital your work is central to keeping us at the forefront of the AdTech industry. 
We are seeking data experts who are passionate about using cutting edge technology and data science methods to solve unique and complex problems. The ideal candidate is innately curious about how data can be used to tell a story and inform decisions. You have honed your skills through a combination of education, work experience, and hobbies. You are excited about the complexity and challenges of creating intelligent, high performance systems while working with a highly experienced and driven data science team. 
If this describes you, we are interested. You can be an integral part of a cross-disciplinary team working on highly visible projects that improve performance and grow the intelligence in our product suite. Our day to day work is performed in a progressive, high-tech workspace where we focus on a friendly, collaborative and fulfilling environment. 
On any given day you’ll be… 
Using geo location data to track foot traffic, commercial visitation and next most likely visit to understand consumer physical behavior. 
Using online behavior data to determine the primary interest categories of consumers and the web properties they visit. 
Implementing a predictive model to determine whether a person is likely to visit a car dealership based on the advertising signals they’ve received. 
Monitoring & improving a system that deploys and refits 10’s of thousands of models daily. 
Developing algorithms to optimize the setting of every lever in a high throughput real-time decision system. 
Analyzing data to better understand how a neighborhood’s consumption of web pages correlates with visits to a local big box store. 
Finding the handful of outliers in billions of transactions. 
Deriving a set of new features that will help better understand the interplay between geography and audience features to improve model performance. 
Building new products with applied AI and bring them to market. 
Participating in planning, roadmap, and architecture discussions to help evolve our AI processes to improve revenue-generating products. 
 
 Qualifications 
Our ideal candidate will likely have… 
8+ years experience and desire to perform responsibilities similar to those listed above 
An advanced degree in a relevant, quantitative field or equivalent experience 
Ability to grow and ultimately mentor team members of varying experience levels and competencies through data science, product and software development life cycles 
Additional Information 
What's in it for you? 
Vericast offers a generous total rewards benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision coverage, 401K matching and generous PTO allowance. A wide variety of additional benefits like life insurance, employee assistance and pet insurance are also available, not to mention smart and friendly coworkers! 
Who we are: 
Valassis, a Vericast business, is the leader in marketing technology and consumer engagement. We work with over 60,000 companies and brands in a wide array of industries, partnering to anticipate consumer intent, inspire action, and create demand. NCH Marketing Services, Inc. and Clipper Magazine are Valassis subsidiaries, and RetailMeNot Everyday™ is its consumer brand. Its signature Have You Seen Me?® program delivers hope to missing children and their families. Follow Valassis on LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook and Twitter. 
#LI-LC1 Valassis 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Valassis in Morrisville, NC Principal Scientist salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Valassis Valassis 414 reviews Valassis is the leader in marketing technology and consumer engagement. We work with over 60,000 companies and brands in a wide array of ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
