
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence, Consultant - Applied Artificial Intelligence - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence, Consultant - Applied Artificial Intelligence Deloitte 10,220 reviews Austin, TX Full-time Deloitte 10,220 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Limited immigration sponsorship may be available.
 
 
 Work you'll do 
 
AI Consultants will Architect, Position, Design, Develop and Deploy enterprise solutions which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Chatbots, Virtual Assistants, Machine Learning, and Cognitive Services (e.g. Vision/Image, Textual/Language processing). 
Perform data studies and data discovery routines for video, voice, weblog, sensor, machine and social media data sources or mash ups of new and existing data sources. 
 
The team 
Analytics & Cognitive 
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment. 
 
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets. 
 
Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to: 
 
Implement large-scale data ecosystems including data management, governance and the integration of structured and unstructured data to generate insights leveraging cloud-based platforms 
Leverage automation, cognitive and science-based techniques to manage data, predict scenarios and prescribe actions 
Drive operational efficiency by maintaining their data ecosystems, sourcing analytics expertise and providing As-a-Service offerings for continuous insights and improvements 
 
Qualifications: 
 
2+ years of relevant Analytics consulting or industry experience 
At least 6 months experience working with SparkCognition, Expert System, Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, Numenta, Deepmind, CognitiveScale, CustomerMatrix, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/Sagemaker, and common open source scripting languages 
At least 6 months experience working with Amazon Lex or IPSoft Amelia 
Demonstrated expertise with one full life cycle analytics engagement across strategy, design and implementation. 
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Empirical Statistics or 4 years equivalent professional experience 
Travel up to 50% (Monday - Thursday/Friday) (While 50% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.) 
 
Preferred: 
 
Experience designing and implementing Apache Open Source (Kafka, Storm, Spark) Frameworks to process end to end data management life cycle for NLP, Machine Log Algorithms, Text Mining algorithms. 
Java Programming at User Interface (UI) level 
Ability to work independently and manage multiple task assignments. 
Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint). 
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment. 
An advanced degree in the area of specialization 
 
A&C_Consulting21 Deloitte 24 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Deloitte in Austin, TX Consultant salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,220 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
