
 
 
 
 Image Annotator - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Image Annotator Zen3tech United States Remote $12 an hour  -   Part-time Job details Salary $12 an hour Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Title:  Image Annotator
 
 Location:  Remote/Work from home
 
 Type:  Contract
 
 Duration:  14-18 weeks with possible extension?
 
About the company
 
Zen3 is an AI-first, data-driven, cloud-native organization. We work with several leading companies in the world to solve their unique technology challenges. Our customized solutions help our clients lead their industry in innovation, increase operational efficiency, reduce costs, and outdo competition.
 
About the role
 
We are looking for detail and visual-oriented individuals to join us in our goal to improve the quality of product for customer in communities across the nation. As an Image Annotator, you will be responsible for quality-reviewing and annotating radiology images for key products. The ideal candidate for this role is a visual learner, has great attention to detail, and is comfortable conducting repetitive work with product image data.?
 
This position is for 35 to 38 hours per week, remote/Work from Home.
 
? All selected candidates will have detail online training for 10-12 hours?
 
Responsibilities?
 
? Utilizing your experience with art and design, use our editing interface to annotate and QA existing labels of medical images with appropriate, pre-defined tags that you will learn during your training and onboarding process.
 
? Collaborate with the data science team to help improve the annotation interface and contribute your ideas to improve the annotation process.
 
? Learn basic machine learning knowledge to better understand how annotations are used, allowing you to make more judgment calls on edge cases that may come up during labelling.
 
About You
 
? A visual learner who works with precision with large quantities of images
 
 ? You are: 
o A student studying photography, art, graphic design and has extensive experience utilizing graphics editing tools (e.g., Adobe Illustrator, Visual Annotation Software), OR,
 
o A job seeker from various background, passionate with interest / experience in image annotating specific to products?
 
? Detail oriented, quality-focused, and meticulous
 
? Ability to work autonomously and meet bi-weekly deadlines
 
? Strong computer skills with proficiency in Google Docs, Google Sheets. Candidates with Adobe Illustrator / related graphics editing tool proficiency is preferred
 
? High School Diploma or above
 
Benefits
 
? Flexible hours.
 
? Remote/ Work from home
 
? Work with a dynamic, fun team that is passionate about changing Information Technology.
 
Thanks & Regards
 
Mani
 
Zen3tech
 
 Phone:   (206) 337-5702 Ext 241 Simply Hired 15 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from Zen3tech Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
