
 
 
 
 AI Scientist, Research Team - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Scientist, Research Team Invitae 33 reviews Boston, MA Invitae 33 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Invitae is dedicated to bringing comprehensive genetic information into mainstream medicine to improve healthcare for billions of people. Our team is driven to make a difference for the patients we serve. We are leading the transformation of the genetics industry, by making clinical-grade genetic information affordable and accessible to guide health decisions across all stages of life. 
 
The Invitae Research Team needs scientists with diverse backgrounds to help us achieve our mission. Our team includes computational biologists, computer scientists, and engineers working together on state of the art methods to pursue our mission. We conduct academic as well as applied research, publishing, patenting, and working with production teams as appropriate. The future of genetics depends on new methods for modeling and understanding genetic determinants of health in their personal context, and we want to bring that future to billions of people. 
 
About you: 
 
You are an AI scientist with deep domain knowledge in genetics or molecular biology. You have expertise in a domain such as statistical genetics, functional genomics, or systems biology. You are enthusiastic and motivated. You break down unfamiliar problems into first principles that can be expressed with mathematics and compared to data. You can communicate technical concepts within an interdisciplinary team and outward to nontechnical stakeholders. You take pride in writing robust, readable, and idiomatic code. You appreciate the novelty and rigor of academic research, and enjoy the opportunities for impact, focus, and scale of industrial research. 
 
What you'll do: 
 
 Perform computational biology research projects to identify, vet, and communicate strategic opportunities for the company. These projects will span simulations of innovative diagnostic approaches, development of novel algorithms for genomic medicine, and machine learning on massive internal human genetic datasets. 
 Work with internal stakeholders, software engineers, laboratory scientists, and external collaborators to integrate and scale solutions. 
 Demonstrate insights and value internally through presentations and documentation and externally through publications, conference presentations, and blog posts. 
 
 What you bring: 
 
 Expertise in a domain of computational or quantitative biology 
 Familiarity with contemporary approaches to machine learning and statistical inference 
 Ability and willingness to learn unfamiliar concepts 
 Keenness for documentation and thorough planning 
 Direct experience with coalescent theory, statistical genetics, or biological sequence analysis is a major plus 
 Minimum of PhD or equivalent research experience in applied mathematics, computer science, or a quantitative biology, additional research experience is a plus 
 Expert in Python 3 and numerical libraries (e.g. numpy, scipy, pytorch, tensorflow) 
 Strength in statistics, especially Bayesian methods 
 Experience with machine learning and deep learning concepts and practice 
 Experience using or developing high-performance computation on large datasets (ideally from human genomic, transcriptomic, or proteomic experiments) 
 
 By joining Invitae, you'll work alongside some of the world's experts in genetics and healthcare at the forefront of genetic medicine. We've created a culture that empowers our teams and our teammates to have the biggest impact and to explore their interests and capabilities. We prize freedom with accountability and offer significant flexibility, along with excellent benefits and competitive compensation in a fast-growing organization. 
 
Join us. 
 
At Invitae, we value diversity and provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
 
 
#LI-HS1 
 
#LI-Remote InVitae 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Invitae in Boston, MA Research Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Invitae Invitae 33 reviews By harnessing the power of genetics and technology, we can make medical genetics affordable and accessible for everyone, improving health... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
