
 
 
 
 Tenure-Track Assistant/Associate Professor, Department of Biomedical Engineering, New York University - Brooklyn, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Tenure-Track Assistant/Associate Professor, Department of Biomedical Engineering, New York University New York University 1,176 reviews Brooklyn, NY Tenure track New York University 1,176 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description New York University: NYU - NY: Tandon School of Engineering
 Location
 Brooklyn, New York
 Open Date
 Nov 9, 2020
 Description
 The Department of Biomedical Engineering at the NYU Tandon School of Engineering invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant/Associate Professor faculty position, to start on September 1, 2021. 
 New York University (NYU) is one of the top private universities in the United States. NYU Tandon has an illustrious past as Brooklyn Poly and NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering. Our mission is to excel in research, teaching and entrepreneurship. We aim to inspire and educate engineers for the 21st century. We are committed to quality, integrity, and respect for each other. We take pride in our high numbers of women students and students who are the first in their family to go to college. We seek faculty who have a real passion for a culturally diverse environment. Tandon belongs to the Higher Education Recruitment Consortium (HERC), which assists with dual-career searches. 
 We foster innovation and entrepreneurship that make a difference in the world: 
 Our faculty and students are part of the high-tech start-up culture in New York City and in downtown Brooklyn. 
 We support four “future lab” business incubators that connect our students and faculty to today’s innovation economy. 
 We collaborate closely with other universities throughout NYC. 
 We maintain strong partnerships with NY city and state governments and with industry and corporate communities. 
 
 With NYU's unrivaled global network of campuses, we promote a truly global engineering education. We are deeply committed to teaching and learning. We lead and have ties to multidisciplinary centers in 5G wireless technology, smart mobility, cybersecurity, urban informatics, data sciences, technology and governance, and the social implications of artificial intelligence, among others. 
 
 Qualifications
 We are mainly looking for candidates who specialize in tissue engineering/regenerative medicine or the growing area of wearable medical devices. However, applicants from all areas of biomedical engineering will be considered. Successful candidates are expected to interact closely with clinical faculty at the world-class NYU Langone Medical Center, the Grossman School of Medicine, and the College of Dentistry. Ample opportunities exist to develop collaborative and translational research projects with these and other top-notch institutions in the New York area. Potential candidates should have a Ph.D. degree in Biomedical Engineering or a closely related discipline. We seek individuals who have (or have the potential to develop) a strong record of scholarship, leadership, entrepreneurship, and in securing external research funding for their projects. Furthermore, a demonstrated or potential for excellence in curricular innovation, teaching, and mentoring is strongly desired. The successful applicant will receive a substantial start-up package, state-of-the-art research space and will have access to numerous core facilities that provide advanced technologies. 
 
 
 Application Instructions
 You should submit: 
 Cover letter 
 Current CV 
 Research statement 
 Teaching statement 
 Diversity statement - See guidelines for IDBE Statements for Faculty Search Candidates 
 Recent teaching evaluations (if available) 
 Names and contact information for at least three references. 
 
 We will review applications beginning on December 1 and will continue until we fill the position. We encourage you to submit early. New York University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Brooklyn, NY Jobs at New York University in Brooklyn, NY Associate Professor salaries in Brooklyn, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from New York University New York University 1,176 reviews Higher education is at the core of this Big Apple institution. The setting and heritage of New York University (NYU) make it one of the n... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
