
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning AVP, Platform Architect - Columbia, SC 29201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning AVP, Platform Architect Deloitte 10,220 reviews Columbia, SC 29201 Full-time Deloitte 10,220 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? If so, Deloitte & Touche LLP could be the place for you. Deloitte Risk and Financial Advisory helps clients manage strategic, financial, operational, technological, and regulatory risk to enhance enterprise value, while our experience in mergers and acquisitions, fraud, litigation, and reorganizations helps clients emerge stronger and more resilient. Learn more about Deloitte Advisory.
 
 
At Deloitte, we are creating a world-class Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) Center of Excellence to enhance Deloitte's existing services and empower our clients to gain exponential value from their data. Our focus is on bringing data, analytics, and technology together with our deep expertise in multiple industries to drive new product development and significant automation/efficiencies. We are seeking to grow our team with brilliant and diverse contributors with technical ability.
 
 
 The team
 
 
This is a hands-on position where you will be empowered to be creative, ambitious, and bold; to solve novel problems and have the potential to directly impact the lives of people around the world. We have impressive toolkits and clients with world class data, and we are now looking for talented people to join our team.
 
 
 Work you'll do
 
 
You will be responsible for our the overall leadership and design of our AI Platform and partner with our AI Platform Engineering team to implement the solution. Our AI and Technology teams are building AI-enabled solutions across our offering areas in Cyber Security, Fraud Detection, Digital Controls, Predictive Maintenance and Risk Management. These applications cross AI and analytics problems in NLP, imaging, anomaly detection, and deep automation. As we continue to develop products and solutions, we need a strong foundational architecture that allows to build sophisticated AI models leveraging state of the art software and compute capabilities with well annotated data. You will not only provide advanced technical leadership, but will also provide direct supervision, mentorship, support, guidance, oversight, and recruitment of your team. This is an exciting role that will stretch your knowledge and curiosity, offering the opportunity to deepen your skills, learn new industries, and work within a global community.
 
 Manage a team of 10-12 platform and data engineers in their day to day development across a tech stack ranging from Terraform for infrastructure as code for multiple clouds, Kubernetes manifests and helm charts for various applications, and provide operational support. 
Lead architect responsible for designing and implementing the overall AI and Machine Learning solution architecture, including: data management, model development, computational tools, and model deployment.
 Be a hands-on lead developer who not only takes on developing the complex artifacts of the solution but is also responsible to train and mentor other developers ensuring that best coding practices and approaches are being followed. 
Implement the CI/CD framework for ML Model Development. 
Review all the work done by the team members to ensure that good quality code is being developed that is performant and secure. 
architect role requires a wealth of both process a nd technical knowledge about security, storage, data management and network service delivery.
 To collaborate with other teams and other architects in their organization like the chief security architect, the chief data architect, the chief mobile architect and the chief cloud architect. 
Guides technology investments at many different levels in an organization. 
Need to be knowledgeable about performance tuning and scalability 
 
Qualifications
 
 
Required 
 
 
 10+ years developing and architecting enterprise class solutions and leading engineering teams
 Master's or bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field
 Should be very analytical and detail oriented, self-sufficient and a team player
 Should be well versed in all tiers of application development - front-end, middle-tier and backend. Hands on experience in all these areas is critical
 Experience with at least one Deep Learning framework such as PyTorch or TensorFlow/Keras
 Experience with High-Performance Computing
 Experiences in developing cloud-based solutions using micro-services architecture, docker containers and Kubernetes 
Excellent understanding of modern architectural patterns and best practices 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Excellent skills using Git for source control 
Preferred 
 
 
 Experience developing data and compute platforms like Cloudera (CDH) or Snowflake
 Skilled in Java based solution development, including Spring Framework 
Skilled in modern UI frameworks like Angular or React, as well as core JavaScript language skills 
Experience developing solutions based on leading open platforms like Apache Spark, Kafka, etc. would be a big plus 
Experience with dynamic languages like JavaScript, HTML5, React.js/Angular JS/JQuery/ExtJS 
Experience with REST, SOAP Services, XML, JSON 
Experience with AWS Deloitte 24 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Columbia, SC Jobs at Deloitte in Columbia, SC Software Architect salaries in Columbia, SC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Deloitte Deloitte 10,220 reviews We’re a leading professional services firm, but what makes working at Deloitte unique? When you join us, you become connected. To inspiri... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
