
 
 
 
 PROFESSOR - Madison, WI 53706 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PROFESSOR University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Madison, WI 53706 Full-time University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Position Summary: 
 
 Two faculty positions in the University of Wisconsin-Madison Department of Industrial & Systems Engineering. 
 
 Principal Duties: 
 
 Seeking candidates in (1) manufacturing and production systems, and (2) human factors and ergonomics.
 
 
Manufacturing production systems: Research areas of interest include but are not limited to smart manufacturing including system-level modeling and analysis, planning and scheduling, supply chain management; system automation and process control; human-automation interaction and human-robot interaction; data-driven modeling, analysis and improvement of system operations and decision making; digital twins; and the security of cyber-physical industrial systems.
 
 
Human factors and ergonomics: Research areas of particular interest are human interaction with health systems or technologies, with an emphasis on healthcare delivery, wearable technologies, artificial intelligence and machine learning, medical equipment and instrumentation, clinical simulation, equity and reducing disparities, health and wellbeing, patient safety, or occupational injury prevention. 
 
Applicants should have an outstanding academic record, exceptional potential for creative research, and a commitment to both undergraduate and graduate education in industrial and systems engineering. Applicants are expected to create and maintain a strong program of research, provide classroom and individual training for undergraduate and graduate degree-seeking students, and contribute to the intellectual and academic life of the department. University and professional service will be expected as appropriate. 
 
 Institutional Statement on Diversity: 
 
 Diversity is a source of strength, creativity, and innovation for UW-Madison. We value the contributions of each person and respect the profound ways their identity, culture, background, experience, status, abilities, and opinion enrich the university community. We commit ourselves to the pursuit of excellence in teaching, research, outreach, and diversity as inextricably linked goals. 
 
The University of Wisconsin-Madison fulfills its public mission by creating a welcoming and inclusive community for people from every background - people who as students, faculty, and staff serve Wisconsin and the world. 
 
More information at: Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Degree and Area of Specialization: 
 
 PhD in Industrial Engineering or related field. 
 
 Minimum Years and Type of Relevant Work Experience: 
 
 Applicants should have an outstanding academic record, exceptional potential for creative research, and a commitment to both undergraduate and graduate education. Appointment to these tenure-track or tenured positions require the PhD degree. 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
 The College of Engineering has a deep and profound commitment to diversity. We strongly encourage applications from candidates who foster and promote the values of diversity and inclusion. Applications from diverse backgrounds, women, and LGBTQ+ and non-binary entities are encouraged. 
 
 Department(s): 
 
 A195000-COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING/INDUSTRIAL & SYSTEMS ENGR 
 
 Work Type: 
 
 Full Time: 100% 
 
Position requires work be performed in-person, onsite, at a designated campus location. 
 
 Appointment Type, Duration: 
 
 Ongoing/Renewable 
 
 Anticipated Begin Date: 
 
 AUGUST 22, 2022 
 
 Salary: 
 
 Minimum  $95,000 ACADEMIC (9 months)
 
Depending on Qualifications University of Wisconsin–Madison 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Professor jobs in Madison, WI Jobs at University of Wisconsin–Madison in Madison, WI Professor salaries in Madison, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Wisconsin–Madison University of Wisconsin–Madison 377 reviews Work for a world-class educational and research institution, located in one of America's best places to live! The University of Wisconsin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
