
 
 
 
 Junior Data Scientist - Spring, TX 77389 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Data Scientist HP 12,869 reviews Spring, TX 77389 Full-time HP 12,869 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you passionate about technology and looking to work in an agile start-up environment that is built on the brand recognition, solution capabilities, and global reach of a world-class technology pioneer? The HP Personal System Services (PSS) team operates in a highly dynamic landscape that delivers a best-in-class, multi-OS Services portfolio powered by software, cloud, data analytics, and machine learning. 
The platform product team within PSS is seeking a forward thinking Data Scientist who is passionate about driving innovation at scale, solving real-world customer issues through AI/ML and delivering stellar customer experiences using one of the largest datasets in the world. 
You will be expected to be hands on and routinely exercise independent judgment in delivering of new Data Science / Machine Learning insights.
 Key Responsibilities 
Work closely with product management to understand product vision and user engagement strategy for the HP TechPulse platform. 
Identify AI opportunities, hands-on prototype and iterate models and deploy them across million of devices. 
Work with data scientists and software engineers to deliver on the Data Science Roadmap in a fast-paced environment. 
Maintain the team's focus on strategy and goal-oriented results when tackling complex problems. 
Provide regular updates about program progress, issues, and risks to key stakeholders. 
Comfortable with hands-on, day-to-day problem solving, implementing quick and effective action plans to meet short-term priorities and emerging opportunities. 
Influences decision making and problem solving across teams. 
Works with the team to mine data using modern tools and programming languages. 
Implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation. 
Knowledge and Skills: 
Passion for data science & delivering data driven outcomes. 
Deep understanding of Machine Learning concepts and tools. 
High EQ, ability to deal with ambiguity and work collaboratively in a high paced environment.
 Experience with data visualization and presenting data in a clear and simple manner
 Excellent interpersonal and project management skills; ability to work across in person as well as virtual team environments. 
Hands-on technical skills with the inquisitiveness to learn products, work with them, and provide recommendations to drive continuous improvement. 
Able to work independently yet collaborate cross-functionally in a global and multicultural environment 
Able to manage multiple work streams effectively and provide timely updates to leadership 
Comfortable and effective working in new areas that require experimentation and rapid problem solving 
Education and Experience: 
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Business, Engineering, Computer Sciences, or equivalent experience 
Typically, 1+ years in a Data Science role 
#LI-POST 
About HP 
 
 
 You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you. 
 
So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference. 
 
 
HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. 
 
 
Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are. 
 
From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive! HP 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Data Scientist jobs in Spring, TX Jobs at HP in Spring, TX Junior Data Scientist salaries in Spring, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from HP HP 12,869 reviews From day one, HP broke new ground by refusing to accept the status quo. Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard created more than an audio oscillat... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
