
 
 
 
 Campus - 2022 Strategy & Analytics Analyst Full Time - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Campus - 2022 Strategy & Analytics Analyst Full Time Amex 8,187 reviews New York, NY Full-time Amex 8,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About AMEX 
 At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible— and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way.
 Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together. 
 
 How we serve our customers is constantly evolving and is a challenge we gladly accept. Whether you’re finding new ways to prevent identity fraud or enabling customers to start a new business, you can work with one of the most valuable data sets in the world to identify insights and actions that can have a meaningful impact on our customers and our business. And, with opportunities to learn from leaders who have defined the course of our industry, you can grow your career and define your own path. 
 Business Unit/Role Specific Info 
 
 Enterprise & Digital Analytics: 
 In this role you will have an opportunity to help shape, refine and build Prospect and Customer digital connections, experiences and interactions for one of the world’s most respected companies, through advanced statistical techniques, AI, and machine learning. Enterprise Digital and Analytics team charter is to be an engine of growth, marketplace differentiation and efficiency for American Express. 
 
 Acquisition Strategic Analytics: Accelerate the pace of digital prospect acquisitions on a global basis including increasing online traffic conversions and elevating onboarding experiences. 
 
 Customer Strategic Analytics: Drive customer engagement and satisfaction by ensuring they get the best possible experience in every exchange they have with American Express through personalization, design of experiments value, and relevance. 
 
 Consumer- Global Consumer Services Group (GCSG) is responsible for growing the American Express consumer business worldwide, strengthening our global leadership position in the premium space, and delivering exceptional, differentiated customer experiences. GCSG comprises local sales and marketing, travel and lifestyle services, and global consumer products including lending, cobrands, and premium products and benefits, as well as the teams which develop and support the digital, risk, and information management capabilities across American Express. 
 
 Credit & Fraud Risk: 
 This critical team is responsible for managing enterprise risks throughout the customer lifecycle, across our consumer and commercial businesses, and across all our global products. We develop industry-first data capabilities, build profitable decision-making frameworks, create machine learning-powered predictive models, and improve customer servicing strategies. 
 Credit Risk Strategy: The credit risk team monitors credit portfolios and optimizes profit-based risk management decisions at all stages of the customer credit lifecycle. 
 
 Fraud Risk Strategy: The team analyzes and improves controls across all points of business that create fraud vulnerabilities, including product and service design, account acquisition, card issuance, servicing, and financial transactions. 
 The specific job responsibilities will depend on the team you are selected in for a summer internship role. Broadly the role may entail some of the below listed responsibilities: 
 Partner closely with our Digital Product and Business Unit teams to provide insights which inform product development and marketing investment decisions as well as actionable, insightful analytical solutions to help the leadership team evaluate and drive business performance 
 Collaborate extensively with colleagues to design and implement strategies based on statistical, financial and economic analysis
 Provide analytical support to enable billing, revenue growth, profitability and customer experience through diverse projects 
 Integrate new data sources and capabilities to drive key business decisions 
 
 Skills/Experience 
 Passion for improving end-to-end customer experience, innovation and customer first thinking 
 Strong interest in digital space and ability to collaborate with technology and product partners
 Independent thinker who’s organized, has great attention to detail, and can multi-task while still taking into account the big picture 
 Strong analytical and decision-making skills – must have the ability to compile, analyze, research, and link complex issues 
 Demonstrated ability to work effectively and collaboratively in high pressure situations and handle multiple priority assignments simultaneously – must be a self-starter
 Excellent written and verbal skills, with the ability to effectively communicate at all levels 
 Willingness to learn and master new systems 
 Knowledge of MS Office applications required 
 Knowledge of SQL, SAS, Java, Hive, Yellow Brick, or Python is a plus 
 
 Requirements/Qualifications 
 Currently enrolled in a full-time Bachelor’s degree program
 Students must have a graduation date between December 2022 and June 2023 
 
 American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by law.
 For more information, please visit our career website at https://www.americanexpress.com/en-us/careers/.
 Our team will review completed applications on a rolling basis. We appreciate your patience while we consider your application and will be in contact with you by April 30th. 
 
Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions. 
 Click here to view the "EEO is the Law" poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.. American Express 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amex in New York, NY Analyst salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amex Amex 8,187 reviews At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
