
 
 
 
 Technical Copy Editor - New York State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Copy Editor Co–Star New York State Remote Just three years in, 25% of young women in the US (18-25) have downloaded Co–Star. Our growth has been entirely through word of mouth—we've never spent money on ads. We have millions of active users, raised $21,000,000 from the people behind companies like Twitter, Discord, and Snap, and launched our second paid feature. 
 
For thousands of years, astrology has given people the tools to reflect and connect in real, meaningful ways. Co–Star brings astrology into the 21st century with an app users call their "best friend" and therapists recommend to their clients. Astrology is a deterministic system based on the time it takes a planet to orbit the sun. It's more like folk developmental psychology than it is like fortune cookies. Using NASA data interpreted by humans, Co–Star delivers personalized readings in real time. Our AI strings human-written snippets together to generate hyper-personalized interpretations of planetary movements for millions of people. 
We are looking for a Technical Copy Editor to join the Co–Star Content team. You will work closely with our writers, editors, and content engineers to refine and scale our content corpus. This role is fairly technical but previous experience with NLP, machine learning, or AI is not required. 
 
What you'll do 
 
 Ongoing edits and revisions of app copy, team copy (all departments), making sure that it conforms with brand guidelines, taxonomy definitions, and other acceptance criteria 
 Generate & process copy for our content corpus using homegrown natural language models 
 Tag content to produce training data for future language models 
 Prepare & upload copy for production 
 Create and iterate on content recipes for the app in our custom CMS 
 Review data and process user feedback to identify changes over time, and possibilities for improvement 
 Draft proposals and present to the content team 
 Document internal processes 
 Support the rest of the content team with copywriting tasks as needed 
 
 What you'll bring 
 
 You are deeply curious about data and technology 
 Familiarity with programming, or have considered teaching yourself to code
 Familiarity with Excel formulas and/or are quick to learn new tools 
 You are a precise and competent editor with previous experience writing or editing copy for a brand 
 You are a highly systematic, structural thinker.
 Precise and clear verbal and written communication 
 A strong command of grammar 
 You have a hawk's eye for detail, but you can accept imperfection when the overarching structure demands it 
 You are a self-learner with a curious and hungry mind 
 You are a voracious reader with a large vocabulary 
 You are a doer/maker who gets things done 
 You have a nuanced understanding of Co–Star's brand, voice, and mission 
 What we offer 
 Fully covered $0 deductible healthcare (including vision + dental) 
 401(k) 
 Unlimited vacation 
 Flexible hours 
 Readings with in-house astrologers 
 
 +++ 
 
Co–Star deeply values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or zodiac sign. Co–Star 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Copy Editor jobs in New York State Jobs at Co–Star in New York State Copy Editor salaries in New York State Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
