
 
 
 
 Infrasound Scientist - Los Alamos, NM - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Infrasound Scientist Los Alamos National Laboratory 281 reviews Los Alamos, NM $113,100 a year Los Alamos National Laboratory 281 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $113,100 a year Full Job Description What You Will Do 
 Are you a scientist or engineer with a background in acoustics and/or geophysics and interest in seismoacoustic and specifically infrasound (sub-audible frequency acoustic waves)? The SeismoAcoustics (SA) Team in LANL’s Geophysics Group (EES-17) is looking for a creative and innovative candidate to join our team and contribute to our infrasound research. The SA team conducts seismic and acoustic research for global and national security including multiple aspects of explosion monitoring for nuclear non-proliferation as well as various scientific and civil applications. We approach these research problems using combined physical and numerical analyses, multiple computational techniques, machine learning, high performance computing, data analytics, and multi-physics datasets. 
 As a Scientist 3 in the Geophysics Group, you will lead, develop, and execute research projects and tasks that improve seismoacoustic capabilities relevant to Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation Research and Development (DNN R&D) and similar national security applications. You will work to influence and develop program direction and demonstrate technical leadership in seismoacoustic research at LANL and mentor students, postdocs, and junior staff. The seismoacousitcs team delivers peer-reviewed publications, contribution to software and other research products, and internal reports to our DOE and other government customers. You will work as part of a multidisciplinary team on topics that may include, but are not limited to the following:
 Development, use, and evaluation of infrasonic signal analysis methods including array processing, signal detection, event identification and localization, and source characterization.
 Development, use, and evaluation of numerical acoustic propagation tools for modeling local-, regional-, and global-scale propagation of infrasound.
 Quantification of propagation-related uncertainty for infrasonic signals due to the dynamic and sparsely sampled nature of the atmosphere and investigation of methods to reduce this uncertainty in various signal analysis applications.
 Theoretical and numerical investigations of seismoacoustic source physics for model development (e.g., models for blast waves produced by above-ground explosions, seismoacoustic signals generated by underground explosions, and aero-acoustic signals produced by supersonic sources). 
 
 
 What You Need
 Minimum Job Requirements:
 A record of publishing in peer-reviewed journals.
 Expertise in acoustics, geophysics, time-series analysis, statistics, machine learning, computational physics or a similar field relevant to the job description above.
 Experience in proposal development and leadership of project teams.
 Experience mentoring and working collaboratively with students, postdocs, and/or junior staff.
 Ability to obtain a Q clearance, which typically requires U.S. citizenship.
 Education/Experience:  A Master’s Degree in Physics, Acoustics, Geophysics, Seismology, Mathematics, Data Science, or Computer Science; or other related degrees from an accredited college or university and 6 years of relevant experience. A Ph.D. is preferred. 
 Desired Qualifications:
 Working knowledge of scientific computing languages such as C/C++, FORTRAN, or Python and experience contributing to collaborative software development.
 Success delivering final work products to supervisors and/or sponsors.
 Note to Applicants:  To apply, please submit an online application including your CV and a brief cover letter that outlines your background and expertise related to seismoacoustic and infrasonic research. Please contact Philip Blom ( pblom@lanl.gov ) if you have any questions about the position or our research. 
 Location  :  This position will be physically located in Los Alamos, New Mexico .
 Position commitment:  Regular appointment employees are required to serve a period of continuous service in their current position in order to be eligible to apply for posted jobs throughout the Laboratory. If an employee has not served the time required, they may only apply for Laboratory jobs with the documented approval of their Division Leader. The position commitment for this position is 1 year . 
 
 
 Where You Will Work 
 Located in beautiful northern New Mexico, Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. Our generous benefits package includes:
 PPO or High Deductible medical insurance with the same large nationwide network
 Dental and vision insurance
 Free basic life and disability insurance
 Paid maternity and parental leave
 Award-winning 401(k) (6% matching plus 3.5% annually)
 Learning opportunities and tuition assistance
 Flexible schedules and time off (paid sick, vacation, and holidays)
 Onsite gyms and wellness programs
 Extensive relocation packages (outside a 50 mile radius)
 The Earth and Environmental Sciences (EES) Division is the intellectual home of Earth, atmosphere, hydrology, and ecology disciplines at the Laboratory. Fundamental discovery science and mission-focused applications unravel poorly understood processes and support decisions of national importance. We combine multidisciplinary expertise with world-class technology to:
 Develop and apply AI and machine learning methods and analytics
 Provide advanced seismic imaging
 Reveal climate change drivers and ecosystem impacts
 Predict wildland and urban fires
 Characterize and model subsurface fluid flow and geochemistry
 Evaluate materials using nonlinear acoustic techniques
 Provide carbon-neutral energy solutions
 Improve geothermal and oil/gas energy production
 Investigate and design geological storage of carbon dioxide and spent fuel
 Understand nuclear and rare materials
 Model, detect, and predict underground explosions and nuclear threats 
 
 
 Additional Details
 Directive 206.2  - Employment with Triad requires a favorable decision by NNSA indicating employee is suitable under NNSA Supplemental Directive 206.2 . Please note that this requirement applies only to citizens of the United States. Foreign nationals are subject to a similar requirement under DOE Order 142.3A.
 Clearance: Q  (Position will be cleared to this level). Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements* for access to classified matter. This position requires a Q clearance which requires US Citizenship except in extremely rare circumstances. Dependent upon position, additional authorization to access nuclear weapons information may be required that may or may not be available to dual citizens depending upon the circumstances. 
 *Eligibility requirements: To obtain a clearance, an individual must be at least 18 years of age; U.S. citizenship is required except in very limited circumstances. See DOE Order 472.2 for additional information.
 New-Employment Drug Test:  The Laboratory requires successful applicants to complete a new-employment drug test and maintains a substance abuse policy that includes random drug testing. 
 Regular position:  Term status Laboratory employees applying for regular-status positions are converted to regular status.
 Internal Applicants:  Regular appointment employees who have served the required period of continuous service in their current position are eligible to apply for posted jobs throughout the Laboratory. If an employee has not served the required period of continuous service, they may only apply for Laboratory jobs with the documented approval of their Division Leader. Please refer to Policy Policy P701 for applicant eligibility requirements. 
 Equal Opportunity:  Los Alamos National Laboratory is an equal opportunity employer and supports a diverse and inclusive workforce. All employment practices are based on qualification and merit, without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or preference, marital status or spousal affiliation, physical or mental disability, medical conditions, pregnancy, status as a protected veteran, genetic information, or citizenship within the limits imposed by federal laws and regulations. The Laboratory is also committed to making our workplace accessible to individuals with disabilities and will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, for individuals to participate in the application and hiring process. To request such an accommodation, please send an email to applyhelp@lanl.gov or call  1-505-665-4444  option 1. 
 
 
 
 
 Appointment Type  Regular
  
 Regular Los Alamos National Laboratory 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Los Alamos, NM Jobs at Los Alamos National Laboratory in Los Alamos, NM Scientist salaries in Los Alamos, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from Los Alamos National Laboratory Los Alamos National Laboratory 281 reviews Los Alamos National Laboratory is a multidisciplinary research institution engaged in strategic science on behalf of national security. W... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
