
 
 
 
 Smart Automation Business Partner - Carlsbad, CA 92008 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Smart Automation Business Partner Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,515 reviews Carlsbad, CA 92008 Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,515 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As the leader for the robotic process automation capability work stream within our Analytical Instruments segment, you will serve as a key member of the Information Technology team supporting a large Instrument business. Reporting to the Company Automation Center of Excellence and the Analytical Instruments Director of Information Technology, you will support our Practical Process Improvement with automation technologies while acting as a hands-on change agent within the business driving the AIG automation roadmap. You will help surface, qualify, execute, and report on automation opportunities that create business value. You will maintain knowledge of the technical landscape and continuously communicate new ideas, concepts, and technology as it relates to opportunities in the business. As part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, you will work to help our customers keep the world healthier, cleaner and safer. 
Roles and Responsibilities 
Act as customer advocate and change champion with a goal of making it easy for AIG to utilize robotic process automation and advanced decision-making techniques to create value. 
Act as functional leader for automation within AIG, identifying opportunities with stakeholders and optimizing the opportunity funnel. 
Review technology roadmaps with our Global IT organization to find new opportunities to accelerate automation initiatives and incorporate AI for more advanced workflows. 
Build on the company Practical Process Improvement (PPI) framework and leadership to ensure that our business group automation portfolio is prioritized to the highest value and/or scaling opportunities first. 
Manage the intake and workflow of new automation work and establish appropriate metrics with targets. 
Manage change within the organization and market their successes 
Identify and recommend automation opportunities according to Business priorities, value, and resource constraints. 
Ensure candidate processes are streamlined before recommending for automation. 
Coordinate with business to prepare test cases and change plans before implementing. 
Clears roadblocks and barriers to execution. 
Keep track of the overall costs, savings and plan going forward. 
Drive value commitment at the deployment of each robot. 
Comply with company’s Global IT Policies & Procedures. 
Requirements/Qualifications: 
Bias to action with an emphasis on getting things done 
Self-starter with a demonstrated capability to take ownership and be accountable 
Prior experience with process flows and gathering information systems’ requirements.
 A pragmatic change agent who uses Business outcomes to qualify opportunities and determine value metrics 
Proven capability to build trust within the organization and to communicate honestly, transparently, and clearly 
Prior experience working in a matrix organization. Able to influence those over whom they do not have direct control 
Strong analytical skills and experience with business process engineering (Operations, Finance, QtC, etc.) 
Agile and Lean implementation experience 
Bachelor’s degree with 5+ years of relevant experience in a related industry or role 
Ability to travel up to 25% 
Desirable 
Experience with automation technology, including software packages such as UiPath, Esker, Power Automate, process mining tools (Celonis, etc.) or equivalents a plus 
Prior experience in Process Mining / Task Mining tools used for continuous process improvement 
Experience managing a technology portfolio across multiple business units Thermo Fisher Scientific 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Business Partner jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Carlsbad, CA Human Resources Business Partner salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,515 reviews At Thermo Fisher Scientific, we work together to accelerate research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
