
 
 
 
 Coordinator, Mental Health Intervention - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Coordinator, Mental Health Intervention Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Houston, TX Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. REPORTS TO:  Director-Academic Guidance and Counseling 
 
 WAGE/HOUR STATUS:  Exempt 
 
 PAY GRADE:  AI 3 
 
 
 PRIMARY PURPOSE: 
 
The Coordinator-Mental Health Intervention reports directly to the Director-Academic Guidance and Counseling. The Coordinator-Mental Health Intervention will co-lead the Crisis Intervention Team, ensure all campuses are trained based on Senate Bill 11 requirements, and conduct severe behavioral threat assessments at the campuses. This position will support campus counselors and Mental Health Behavior Specialists within the district. The Coordinator-Mental Health Intervention provides services to district educational teams including consultation and guidance concerning student status, diagnosis, and treatments; consults and collaborates with public and private agencies to offer a continuum of care for mental health services and programs that foster pro-social skills and appropriate behavior; acts as a resource to Local Education Agency (LEA) staff members regarding mental health services; collaborates with behavior specialists and provides support in the development of behavior support plans. 
 
The Coordinator-Mental Health Intervention must act with integrity, support organizational goals, demonstrate the ability to inspire, grow and motivate others and commit to championing the needs of the students, employees and the overall district. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Required: 
 Master’s degree or higher in counseling, social work, or related field from an accredited College or University. 
 Valid Texas Certificate as a Professional School Counselor 
 Licensed Professional Counselor (LPC) by the Texas State Board of Examiners of Professional Counselors 
 Five years of experience in a leadership position 
 Preferred:
 Experience working with students with mental health and counseling services needs in a school setting 
 Experience developing and delivering professional development 
 Clinical experience working with children, adolescents, and their families 
 Experience conducting mental health assessments/screeners 
 Knowledgeable of community resources and agencies 
 
 
 SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: 
 In-depth knowledge of trends, research, and implementation of mental health initiatives 
 Ability to conduct reliable and valid assessments of students 
 Ability to evaluate instructional programs and practices 
 Ability to interpret policy, procedures, and data 
 Ability to develop and deliver effective staff development 
 Strong communication, public relations, and interpersonal skills 
 Self-directed and able to work without direct supervision 
 Ability to travel to meet with students and families throughout the district 
 Knowledge of local resources as it pertains to social/emotional needs 
 Knowledge of mental health related community and state resources; behavioral change theories and practices including early intervention positive behavior supports; tiered intervention practices; brief counseling techniques and crisis intervention; effective staff development methods; special needs students and their behaviorally or educationally based mental health needs 
 
 
 MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: 
 Be accessible 24/7 to respond and co-coordinate crisis response at a district and/or campus level. 
 Co-coordinate the training and implementation of the district crisis response team (CRT). 
 Ability to relate and communicate with diverse populations and groups. 
 Ability to identify, triage, and respond to multiple critical incidents. 
 Enhance awareness of mental health needs and services. 
 Promote community understanding of mental health and enhance community response to mental health. 
 Oversee the follow-up and reintegration plan and services for students returning to school from hospitalizations or other facility stays and conduct comprehensive follow-up to all clients served. 
 Serve as liaison for students who receive direct services and case manage their treatments. 
 Implement evidence-based violence prevention activities and programs. 
 Implement programming to help prevent bullying and harassment. 
 Design, coordinate and deliver professional development related to mental health issues and services to members of the educational team. 
 Provide consultation, training, and mentoring for school staff related to mental health and social/emotional development of all students, including students who are at risk of academic failure, dropping out of school, involvement in criminal or delinquent activities, or drug use and abuse. 
 Implement school-wide positive behavioral interventions and supports, including through coordination with similar activities carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C., 1400 et seq.), in order to improve academic outcomes and school conditions for student learning. 
 Follow up with services/resources provided. 
 Work collaboratively in partnership with a public or private mental health entity or health care entity in the orchestration and delivery of youth mental health trainings for the district: community, parents, and staff. 
 Establish and maintain effective working relationships with individuals and groups. 
 Develop, coordinate and deliver relevant and high-quality training to parents and school staff members, including specialisted instructional support personnel related to: 
Suicide prevention 
 Effective and trauma-informed practices in classroom management 
 Crisis management and conflict resolution techniques 
 Human trafficking 
 Perform all other duties as assigned. 
 
 
 WORKING CONDITIONS:
 
 
The usual and customary methods of performing the job’s functions require the following: 
 
 Physical demands : physical mobility, standing, prolonged sitting, some lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling. This position will also require both traveling within the district. 
 Mental demands:  Ability to solve problems and deal with a variety of situations; ability to interpret a variety of data; ability to interpret TEC and policy; ability to apply knowledge of current research and theory, ability to be effective in both oral and written communication; ability to maintain emotional control under stress. 
 
The foregoing statements describe the general purpose and responsibilities assigned to this job and are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties that may be assigned or skills that may be required. 
 
 SPECIAL FUNDING: 
 
This position is funded by Federal/and or State grants. You understand that your employment is expressly conditioned on the availability of full funding for the position. If full funding becomes unavailable, your employment is subject to termination or nonrenewal, as applicable. 
 
 
 
 0 
 
Email To A Friend 
Print Version 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Postings current as of 9/13/2021 6:49:58 AM CST. 
 
 FMLA regulations require all employers to post the updated FMLA notice. 
 
 
 Powered by applicant tracking, a product of Frontline Education. Spring Independent School District 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Mental Health Technician jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Spring Independent School District in Houston, TX Mental Health Technician salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
