
 
 
 
 Deep Learning Performance Analysis Engineer - New College Grad - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Deep Learning Performance Analysis Engineer - New College Grad NVIDIA 240 reviews Santa Clara, CA Full-time NVIDIA 240 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description NVIDIA is looking for engineers who are obsessed with performance analysis and optimization to help us squeeze every last clock cycle out of Deep Learning training, one today's most important workloads in the world. If you are unafraid to work across all layers of the hardware/software stack from GPU architecture to Deep Learning Framework to achieve peak performance, we want to hear from you. This role offers the opportunity to directly impact the hardware and software roadmap in a fast-growing technology company that leads the AI revolution while helping deep learning users around the globe enjoy ever-higher training speeds.
 What you will be doing:
 Understand, analyze, profile, and optimize deep learning training workloads on state-of-the-art hardware and software platforms.
 Understand the big picture of training performance on GPUs, prioritizing and then solving problems across many dozens of state-of-the-art neural networks.
 Implement production-quality software in multiple layers of NVIDIA's deep learning platform stack, from drivers to DL frameworks.
 Implement key DL training workloads in NVIDIA's proprietary processor and system simulators to enable future architecture studies.
 Build tools to automate workload analysis, workload optimization, and other critical workflows.
 What we want to see:
 You are pursuing a PhD or MS or have equivalent in CS, EE or CSEE (or equivalent experience).
 Background in deep learning and neural networks, in particular training.
 Background in computer architecture, and familiarity with the fundamentals of GPU architecture.
 Experience analyzing and tuning application performance.
 Experience with processor and system-level performance modelling.
 Programming skills in C++ and Python. CUDA is a bonus.
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers with some of the most forward-thinking, inventive, and hardworking people working here - we need your help to build our future. Are you creative, ambitious, and love challenges? We want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Deep Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at NVIDIA in Santa Clara, CA Deep Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 240 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
