
 
 
 
 Site Manager (Fort Huachuca) - Fort Huachuca, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Site Manager (Fort Huachuca) AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 15 reviews Fort Huachuca, AZ Full-time AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 15 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Thank you for your interest in AI Signal Research, Inc. (ASRI). ASRI accepts applications for employment for current career opportunities only. 
 
 Education: :  A Bachelor’s Degree is the minimum requirement. 
 
 Months/Years of Experience:  : Five (5) years minimum DoD Military systems experience and five (5) years experience in DoD test and evaluation (can be combined). 
 
 Required Qualifications:  : U.S. Citizen. Possess the required security clearance. Demonstrated ability in monitoring, reporting, and presenting overall project cost, schedule, and performance to the customer. Proficient in using Microsoft Project or similar project management software. Intermediate level of competency in basic computer software: MS Office. Successful history in recruiting, staffing, training a diverse workforce to include multi-discipline engineers and Subject Matter Experts. Experience in setting policy for safety, quality, and environmental compliance in accordance with local, state and federal laws and regulations. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in communications with employees, Government customers, and local/state officials. Demonstrated highly developed analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills. Skilled in delegating responsibilities to managers. Must share a commitment to maintaining a positive, collaborative work environment while simultaneously optimizing individual performance and contributions. 
 
 Duties:  : Responsible overall for the performance of the work at Fort Huachuca, AZ supporting the U.S. Army Operational Test Command (OTC) Test Technology Support Services (TTSS) contract at Fort Hood, TX. Responsible to be available during Fort Huachuca normal duty hour/duty day except federal holidays or when the government facility is closed per installation commander. Manages the overall technical and administrative support activities of prime and subcontractor personnel in the execution of test support service located in Fort Huachuca, AZ and numerous CONUS and OCONUS temporary test locations. Serves as primary company point of contact with Contracting Officer, Fort Huachuca Technical Director, and Fort Huachuca Commanding Officers. Has authority to fully execute contract modifications, subcontracts agreements, and any purchase orders. 
 
 Desired Qualifications:  : Masters degree preferred. 
 
 Comments:  : Ability to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Must meet physical requirements stated in the section SOPs. Must be capable of lifting 50lbs. 
ASRI offers the following Benefits package: 
 401K Plan 
 Medical and Dental Insurance 
 Private Medical Clinic (Huntsville, AL ONLY) 
 Life Insurance 
 Disability Income 
 Educational Assistance 
 Direct Deposit 
 Cafeteria Plan 
 Vision 
 
 
 Drug Free Workplace.:  Adherence to ASRI policy on drugs and alcohol is a condition of employment for all employees. 
 
AI Signal Research, Inc. (ASRI) wants all interested and qualified candidates to apply for employment opportunities. If you are an applicant with a disability who is unable to use our online tools to search and apply for jobs, please contact us by calling (in the U.S.)  1-256-551-0008 x29 . Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed.  This option is reserved only for individuals with disabilities who are unable to use our online tools and is not intended for any other purpose: . 
 
ASRI is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer-Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Site Manager jobs in Fort Huachuca, AZ Jobs at AI Signal Research in Fort Huachuca, AZ Site Manager salaries in Fort Huachuca, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) AI Signal Research, Inc (ASRI) 15 reviews AI Signal Research (ASRI) provides leading edge products and services to the aerospace, defense and high-technology commercial industries... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
