
 
 
 
 Research Scientist - Los Angeles, CA 90066 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist Facebook 631 reviews Los Angeles, CA 90066 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Facebook is seeking Research Scientists to join fundamental and applied research teams, which are focused on making significant progress in AI. Advances in AI are key to our mission, spanning some of the most pressing research challenges of our generation across such areas as artificial intelligence, machine learning, computational statistics, and applied mathematics, particularly including areas such as deep learning, graphical models, reinforcement learning, computer perception, natural language processing and data representation. The ideal candidate will have a keen interest in producing new science to understand intelligence and technology to make computers more intelligent, or to work on more applied problems across the company. 
Conduct research to advance the science and technology of intelligent machines 
Devise better data-driven models of human behavior 
Work towards long-term ambitious research goals, while identifying intermediate milestones 
Influence progress of relevant research communities by producing publications 
Contribute research that can be applied to Facebook product development 
Lead and collaborate on research projects within a globally based team 
Drive team goals & technical direction to pursue opportunities that make your larger organization more efficient 
Experience leading projects with industry-wide impact 
Experience communicating and working across functions to drive solutions 
Experience in mentoring/influencing senior engineers across organizations 
Proven track record of planning multi-year roadmap in which shorter-term projects ladder to the long-term vision 
Experience in driving large cross-functional/industry-wide engineering efforts 
Ph.D. Computer Science or related technical field 
Experience in shipping products to millions of customers or have started a new line of product 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Facebook in Los Angeles, CA Research Scientist salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
