
 
 
 
 Material Handler - Westborough, MA 01581 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Material Handler Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Westborough, MA 01581 Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 High school diploma or equivalent 
 
Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? We apply advances in robotics and software to solve real-world problems that delight our customers' experiences in ways we can't even imagine yet.
 Amazon Robotics is located in the greater Boston area, the epicenter of robotics innovation. Our diverse team of engineers come from all over the world to design, test and build our dynamic fleet of robots and mechatronic systems. Having our offices, labs, test floors and factories all co-located means that we can design the hardware, write the code, test, build and watch it all come to life. This allows us to innovate quickly and on limitless ideas. Current advancements are underway in autonomous movement and mobility, artificial intelligence and machine learning, manipulation, simulation, robotic management software, predictive analytics, and much more.
 
Amazon Robotics is seeking material handlers that can receive and transport materials/equipment, perform inventory management responsibilities, as well as pack-ship.
 
 Job Requirements: 
 
 Receive and count stock items, and record data manually or using computer. 
 Pack and unpack items to be stocked on shelves in stockrooms, warehouses, or storage yards. 
 Verify inventory computations by comparing them to physical counts of stock, investigate discrepancies and report discrepancies that require adjustments to supervisors. 
 Store items in an orderly and accessible manner in warehouses, tool rooms, supply rooms, or other areas. 
 Mark stock items using identification tags, stamps, electric marking tools, or other labeling equipment. 
 Clean and maintain supplies, tools, equipment, and storage areas in order to ensure compliance with safety regulations. 
 Keep records on the use and/or damage of stock or stock handling equipment. 
 Examine and inspect stock items for wear or defects, reporting any damage to supervisors. 
 Provide assistance or direction to other stockroom, warehouse, or storage yard workers. 
 Remove trash from work area as needed. 
 Ability to work all days and shifts, including overtime (24 hours a day, 7 days a week operation, including holidays) 
 Degree from a vocational school or college with a focus in the Mechanical or Electrical field 
 4 years apprenticeship or equivalent experience in the Mechanical or Electrical field 
 Able to manage, lead, and influence others on the team 
 Demonstrated ability to multi-task and prioritize many different projects and workload 
 Ability to work independently 
 Ability to communicate effectively, (written and verbally) with peers, management, contractors and vendors 
 Must be highly self-motivated and customer-centric 
 Leadership experience/aptitude, ability to mentor and develop training plans for other service technicians 
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us .
 . Amazon.com 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Material Handler jobs in Westborough, MA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Westborough, MA Material Handler salaries in Westborough, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
