
 
 
 
 Communications Program Manager - Notre Dame, IN 46556 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Communications Program Manager University of Notre Dame 297 reviews Notre Dame, IN 46556 University of Notre Dame 297 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Communications Program Manager 
 
 University of Notre Dame 
The University of Notre Dame (ND.jobs) is accepting applications for a  Communications Program Manager . 
 
 Applications will be accepted until 9/19/2021.
 
 
Communications Manager Position Summary Statement: 
The Communications Manager is responsible for planning strategies for, and implementation of initiatives of ND-TEC, the ND-IBM Technology Ethics Lab, and the Lucy Institute's communications, marketing, outreach, and promotional needs. 
 
The Notre Dame Technology Ethics Center (ND-TEC) develops and supports multi- and inter- disciplinary research on questions related to the impact of technology on humanity. Researchers affiliated with ND-TEC consider enduring and emerging ethical questions in a wide range of technological contexts and from a variety of different disciplinary backgrounds and perspectives. They are united by the belief that technology should promote human flourishing, and that ethical considerations must be integrated into every stage of development of technology and social, political, and cultural engagement with it. As a result, ND-TEC researchers regard ethical inquiry as foundational and continual, asking what types of technologies ought to be developed and for what reasons, how technology should be deployed, what limits should be imposed, and what institutional designs should be adopted. Building on the strength of world-class academic research, ND-TEC convenes global thought leaders in academia, industry, non-profit organizations, and governmental agencies to develop ethical and legal frameworks that keep pace with technological development. 
 
The Notre Dame-IBM Technology Ethics Lab promotes broad-based, far-reaching interdisciplinary research, thought, and policy leadership in artificial intelligence and other technology ethics by engaging with relevant stakeholders to examine real-world challenges and provide practical models and applied solutions for ethical technology design, development, and deployment. Our mission is to promote human values in technology with the ultimate aim of helping steer technological design, development, deployment, and use in the direction of more equity and justice. We do this by producing and supporting tangible, applied, and interdisciplinary research projects that address core ethical questions. We also create third party industry alliances and facilitate dialogue and debate regarding technology ethics, help develop preeminent standards related to the moral and ethical use of technology, and seek to inform technology-related laws, policies, and governance. 
The Lucy Family Institute for Data & Society (LFIDS) contributes to scholarship and education related to the relationship between data and society, with the goal of using data and innovation as a force for good in the world. LFIDS serves as Notre Dame's intellectual, interdisciplinary hub for students, faculty, and research scientists, an incubator for existing and emerging data science and analytics programs across the colleges, and a collaborator with leaders from industry, government, and academia to advance data innovations and to help transform society and individual lives.
 
Our Target audiences are broad-ranging and include faculty at institutional peers, current and prospective faculty at Notre Dame, current and prospective Notre Dame students (undergraduate and graduate), alumni, donors, the media, industry practitioners, companies, and the general public. The Communications Manager will serve as the senior content strategist for the above entities across the campus, coordinating on strategies and messaging that serve wider University goals and communications initiatives, in line with brand guidelines specific to each entity and the University as a whole. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, print and online publications, print collateral, websites, emails, apps, newsletters, blog posts, displays (print and digital), social media, all branded items, person-to-person contacts, and other duties as assigned.
 
The Communications Manager will be responsible for designing and executing the above entities' strategic communication plans and should bring a good sense of professional judgement in addition to design, strategy, and management skills. The Communications Manager should bring significant professional communications experience and should be comfortable working independently as a designer and strategist and will be adept at managing relationships to achieve common goals for social good among and across ND-TEC, the Tech Ethics Lab, the Lucy Institute and peer organizations.
 
 
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
1) 30% Responsible for overseeing communications on and beyond campus for ND-TEC, the Tech Ethics Lab, and the Lucy Institute including print, social, video, and more, including interval impact reporting to each unit 
2) 40% Responsible for hands-on maintenance and update of the content on websites(3) for ND-TEC, the Tech Ethics Lab, and the Lucy Institute and each of their related social media accounts. 
3) 20% Responsible for design and brand management for ND-TEC, the Tech Ethics Lab, and the Lucy Institute
 
4)10% Other Duties as assigned 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 Bachelors degree (4 years) 
 Degree Required: Communications or related field. 
 Experience: 5-6 years 
 Ability to develop and execute strategic communications plan for three campus units in startup mode
 Excellent communication skills and design skills
 Experience delivering and maintaining communications impact reporting (web/social stats)
 Ability to work independently and balance needs of three related campus units 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Experience using content management systems and experience using and reporting on impact of web and social media for business purposes is desired. 
 
ABOUT NOTRE DAME: 
The University of Notre Dame, founded in 1842 by Rev. Edward F. Sorin, C.S.C., of the Congregation of Holy Cross, is an independent, national Catholic university located in Notre Dame, Ind. For the fifth consecutive year, the University of Notre Dame has received Honor Roll distinctions as one of the top 10 higher education workplaces in the country in the Chronicle of Higher Education's annual "Great Colleges to Work For" survey...and we are proud of it! 
 
This appointment is contingent upon the successful completion of a background check. Applicants will be asked to identify all felony convictions and/or pending felony charges. Felony convictions do not automatically bar an individual from employment. Each case will be examined separately to determine the appropriateness of employment in the particular position. Failure to be forthcoming or dishonesty with respect to felony disclosures can result in the disqualification of a candidate. The full procedure can be viewed at https://facultyhandbook.nd.edu/?id=link-73597. 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employment Statement The University of Notre Dame seeks to attract, develop, and retain the highest quality faculty, staff and administration. The University is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and is committed to building a culturally diverse workplace. We strongly encourage applications from female and minority candidates and those candidates attracted to a university with a Catholic identity. Moreover, Notre Dame prohibits discrimination against veterans or disabled qualified individuals, and requires affirmative action by covered contractors to employ and advance veterans and qualified individuals with disabilities in compliance with 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). 
 
 APPLICATION PROCESS: 
Please apply online at http://ND.jobs to Job # S22836. For additional information about working at the University of Notre Dame and various benefits available to employees, please visit http://hr.nd.edu/why-nd. The University of Notre Dame supports the needs of dual career couples and has a Dual Career Assistance Program in place to assist relocating spouses and significant others with their job search. 
 
 
 
jeid-e90e96f4e1996748b503d2c107dbc0cd University of Notre Dame Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Communications Manager jobs in Notre Dame, IN Jobs at University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, IN Communications Manager salaries in Notre Dame, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Notre Dame University of Notre Dame 297 reviews The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located near Sou... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
