
 
 
 
 Director- Auto Quality Process Improvement - Michigan - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director- Auto Quality Process Improvement J.D. Power 86 reviews Michigan Remote J.D. Power 86 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company External Title:  Director, Auto Research Process Improvement 
 
Internal Title:  Director, Auto Research Process Improvement 
 
Location: US Remote (Southern California or Michigan preferred) 
 
Reports to Title :  Vice President, Automotive Quality 
 
 
The Role: 
 
Create a modern, world-class automotive market research and data analytic process. Oversee implementation of improvements and ensure processes are fully understood and followed. Work collaboratively with internal partners ranging from junior associates through senior management. 
 
 
The Impact: 
 
This role is critical to keep J.D. Power at the forefront of automotive research and analysis. Automakers and suppliers across the world rely on our insights to design and build better vehicles. This role provides the research and analytical foundation that ensures that we can continue to provide these high-quality insights. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
 Complete an audit of the current automotive research and analysis process, identifying all potential improvement opportunities 
 Create a highly detailed quality assurance process for this process 
 Collaborate with all relevant internal parties to ensure the success of the process 
 Oversee the process through multiple product programs 
 Identify ongoing research and analysis process improvements 
 Support the automotive division with additional research and analytical expertise as needed 
 
 
Qualifications: 
 
 10+ years' experience in a market research and data analytics environment. Automotive-related research/data analysis experience highly preferred 
 4-year degree required 
 Working knowledge of the automotive industry is an advantage 
 Self-starter, able to work with minimal supervision 
 Able to work with colleagues at all levels and achieve consensus collaboratively 
 Proficiency in MS Office products a must 
 
 
The Career Opportunity: 
 
J.D. Power is growing fast. The successful candidate will have opportunities to grow within the automotive practice or elsewhere within the organization. J.D. Power will always have a high demand for professionals that can turn automotive data into high quality insights. 
 
 
The Team / The Business: 
 
This is an established team of smart, hard working researchers, analysts, data processing professionals and project managers. The team works well together, and most members have been here for many years. We are looking for someone with fresh insights to further improve how we do things. The working style is professional but informal. 
 
 
Our Hiring Manager says: 
 
"I'm looking for the kind of person who has a passion for quality in everything they do. They need to be a little obsessed by making a process flawless. They need to be unafraid to bring new insights and change things, but balance that by being extremely collaborative and able to draw on the experience of those that have been here doing a great job for many years." 
 
 
J.D. Power  is a global leader in consumer insights, advisory services and data and analytics. A pioneer in the use of big data, artificial intelligence (AI) and algorithmic modeling capabilities to understand consumer behavior, J.D. Power has been delivering incisive industry intelligence on customer interactions with brands and products for more than 50 years. The world's leading businesses across major industries rely on J.D. Power to guide their customer-facing strategies. 
 
 
Company Mission 
 
J.D. Power is clear about what we do to ensure our success into the future. We unite industry leading data and insights with world-class technology to solve our clients' toughest challenges. 
 
 
Our Values 
 
At J.D. Power, we strive to be Truth Finders, Change Makers and Team Driven - the distinct behaviors that, together, define our unique culture. 
 
 
Truth Finders - At J.D. Power, we are proud of the unbiased data and findings we provide. As individuals, each and every member of our team is dedicated to living this same objectivity and embodying the highest ethical and professional standards – the only 'favorite' we have is the truth. 
 
 
Change Makers - At J.D. Power, we never stand still. We constantly seek better ways – innovating and evolving in everything we do to support our colleagues and our clients alike – and all in service of delivering data and insights that drive meaningful business impact. 
 
 
Team Driven -   At J.D. Power, we are one team and we are activated. Regardless of individual role, every member of our team is dedicated to supporting their immediate colleagues and our broader J.D. Power family to deliver on our collective purpose and make us greater than the sum of our parts. At J.D. Power, these values are more than words. We bring these values to life throughout our organization through our employee event series — J.D. Power Values Days. Each quarter, we celebrate one of our core values and hold an annual event to celebrate our combined values at the end of the year. 
 
We are dedicated to leveraging comprehensive and equitable practices which contribute to the overall success of the company and its employees. We invite you to learn more about our DE&I efforts. 
 
 
J.D. Power is an equal opportunity employer and compliant with AODA/ADA legislation. If you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please specify. 
 
To all recruitment agencies: J.D. Power does not accept unsolicited agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. 
 
EOE/M/F/Vets/Disabled 
 
 
#LI-SV1 
 
#LI-Remote J.D. Power 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Quality jobs in Michigan Jobs at J.D. Power in Michigan Director of Quality salaries in Michigan Company Info Follow Get job updates from J.D. Power J.D. Power 86 reviews J.D. Power has been capturing and analyzing the Voice of the Customer across more than a dozen industries globally for more than 45 years... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
