
 
 
 
 Senior Director Level Opportunities within Precision Medicine! - New York, NY 10016 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Director Level Opportunities within Precision Medicine! AstraZeneca 2,086 reviews New York, NY 10016 Full-time AstraZeneca 2,086 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you excited about  Precision Medicine ? Would you like have an impact on patients’ lives and contribute to eliminate cancer as a cause of death? If so then join us! 
We’re investing like never before in our people, in growth, and in new diagnostic techniques and technologies. There are opportunities at every turn, with a variety and breadth that is uncommon to find and an industry-leading pipeline in oncology. Scientists at AstraZeneca are working every day to turn science fiction into science fact. Our ambition - to develop innovative, targeted medicines for every patient that needs them - and to match those treatments to patients most likely to benefit from them – is now a reality. This approach, known as  Precision Medicine , is based on those individual characteristics that make some patients respond to treatment better than others. We use this knowledge to develop diagnostic tests that doctors can use to help prescribe the best treatment for each patient. Indeed, it’s now become common practice for patients with cancer to be offered such diagnostic tests before their treatment plan is agreed. 
The AstraZeneca Companion Diagnostics Unit within the Precision Medicine and Biosamples function drives scientific leadership through the delivery of innovative companion diagnostics enabling our oncology ambition to transform the lives of patients living with cancer, and ultimately eliminate cancer as a cause of death. 
We do this by: 
Leading the development of diagnostics across AstraZeneca’s early and late stage oncology portfolios through close collaborations with our external diagnostic partners. 
Leading the development and implementation of patient selection strategies to deliver companion diagnostics programs in support of our business priorities. 
Leading companion diagnostic regulatory interactions to secure companion diagnostic approvals in major markets 
Collaborate across AstraZeneca with colleagues in multiple Clinical functions plus commercial to help drive market uptake. 
Developing strategies for early cancer detection, near patient testing and implementing testing options for minimal residual disease and early treatment interventions. 
Utilising artificial intelligence diagnostic solutions and seeing software as a medical device. 
Developing specific disease area strategies (e.g. lung cancer, breast cancer or hematological malignancies) and new diagnostic modalities. 
Collaborating closely with fellow pharma companies on joint assets. 
Join this fantastic, collaborative team and be part of our success; we have already delivered over 50 innovative/impactful companion/complementary oncology diagnostic approvals across the major markets of the US, EU, Japan and China since 2014 and we need you to help us take the next steps in patient-centric diagnostic development. 
If this sounds like the type of organisation where you would like to grow your career and make a real difference to patients then we would like to hear from you. 
We are currently looking for a  Senior Director . 
Typical Accountabilities, what you will be doing: 
As a Senior Director you’ll be a member of the Oncology Companion Diagnostic Unit (CDU). Working collaboratively your objective will be to ensure that innovative diagnostic tests or equivalent segmentation tools are delivered to drug products within your therapeutic area of expertise. 
As a director you will achieve this by leading a Global Product Diagnostic sub team made up of functional experts and be empowered to deliver all scientific, technical, clinical, financial, regulatory, intellectual property, commercial and partnering aspects needed to implement the diagnostic strategy. You will be accountable for ensuring that the roles and responsibilities of the team are delivered demonstrating behaviours and values aligned to AstraZeneca Code of Conduct and supporting policies, standards and procedures; including accountability for compliant management of Budget, Safety, Health and Environment. 
As a key member of the CDU, one that is aligned to a relevant therapeutic area; you will also be expected to support other therapeutic areas as required. You will be accountable for delivery to several Global Product teams and to act as the single point of contact for all Precision Medicine activities to those product team(s). 
Being accountable to the Leaders of the relevant product teams you will ensure that the associated diagnostic development reflects world-class practice in the field and contributes to an increased probability of successful drug launch, reimbursement and return on investment. 
Your role will also involve contributing to the personal development of project team members. Providing expert advice on strategic and innovative Precision Medicine approaches and companion diagnostic developments to development teams, you’ll be instrumental in ensuring that we adopt world-class practice in the field. 
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience: 
Essential: 
PhD or equivalent experience in a relevant subject 
Experience in diagnostic tests or segmentation tools in clinical development, within a diagnostic or pharmaceutical setting 
Significant experience of Precision Medicine approaches and diagnostic development within the relevant therapeutic area 
Evidence of excellent skills in communication, stakeholder influencing, programme management, and regulatory interactions 
Effective leadership, performance management and talent management 
Comprehensive understanding of the functions involved in companion diagnostic development and how they contribute to achieving the objectives of the business. 
Desirable  : 
Significant previous experience in similar role in different companies 
Delivery of diagnostics, regulatory interactions and commercialisation 
High quality scientific expertise in the Precision Medicine field and relevant therapeutic area as evidenced by publications and external reputation 
Evidence of external interactions in the diagnostic field e.g. diagnostic partnering, regulation of drugs and linked diagnostics, payer and policy considerations, ethical and legal aspects 
Effective leadership of global teams 
Locations: 
UK - Cambridge; USA – Gaithersburg - MD or Waltham - MA; Sweden - Gothenburg; Poland – Warsaw; Shanghai, China 
If this sounds like the type of organisation where you would like to grow your career and make a real difference to patients then we would like to hear from you; apply today! AstraZeneca 27 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Director jobs in New York, NY Jobs at AstraZeneca in New York, NY Senior Director salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from AstraZeneca AstraZeneca 2,086 reviews We are AstraZeneca, one of the world’s most forward-thinking and connected BioPharmaceutical companies. With a strong purpose, an even st... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
