
 
 
 
 Solutions Engineer - Greenwood Village, CO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Solutions Engineer NetApp 744 reviews Greenwood Village, CO NetApp 744 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $160,650 a year Full Job Description About NetApp
 
We’re forward-thinking technology people with heart. We make our own rules, drive our own opportunities, and try to approach every challenge with fresh eyes. Of course, we can’t do it alone. We know when to ask for help, collaborate with others, and partner with smart people. We embrace diversity and openness because it’s in our DNA. We push limits and reward great ideas. What is your great idea?
 
Job Summary
 
Are you excited by the pace of change in technology – and the opportunity to learn constantly on the job?
 
Do you like connecting dots and solving problems?
 
Do you enjoy working with customers to help them achieve success?
 
And do you show up every day with a passion to be part of something great?
 
Then your search is over. It’s time to join the Solutions Engineering team at NetApp!
 
As a Solutions Engineer, you are the cornerstone to create customer value with our technology.
 
 You: 
Understand the challenges our customers face and craft technology solutions to address them
 Use excellent communications skills to articulate the benefits of NetApp in presentations, demonstrations, and dialog with customers and our partners
 Create designs/architectures for the solutions that your customers need – often times combining NetApp products with those of our technology alliance partners
 Help customers prove out or test technology solutions in their environment
 Build and maintain strong relationships with customers at various levels and business units of an organization, and be able to articulate the value of a NetApp solution to these different groups
 
Job Requirements
 
Should you be familiar with the following technology or industry areas, you’ll have a running start at being extraordinary at NetApp and our customers!
 
Cloud Service Providers – and how to leverage them for business outcomes
 Building on-premise or hybrid clouds
 Architecting or operating infrastructure and data management solutions for enterprise applications
 Artificial Intelligence, Dev Ops and/or IT environment orchestration
 Industry expertise in recognized verticals like Health Care, Financial Services, Automotive, and others
 
What are you waiting for? Join NetApp and help our customers harness their data for digital transformation. NetApp – The Data Authority!
 
Education
 
Why NetApp?
 
In a world full of generalists, NetApp is a specialist. No one knows how to elevate the world’s biggest clouds like NetApp. We are data-driven and empowered to innovate. Trust, integrity, and teamwork all combine to make a difference for our customers, partners, and communities.
 
We expect a healthy work-life balance. Our volunteer time off program is best in class, offering employees 40 hours of paid time off per year to volunteer with their favorite organizations. We provide comprehensive medical, dental, wellness, and vision plans for you and your family. We offer educational assistance, legal services, and access to discounts. We also offer financial savings programs to help you plan for your future.
 
If you run toward knowledge and problem-solving, join us.
 
If the Company determines this role will be performed in Colorado, the starting salary for this position is 160,650 USD. This role could be eligible for comprehensive benefits including: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, 401(K), Paid Time off (PTO), Company bonus, and Employee stock purchase plan *. Final compensation will be dependent on various factors such as location, qualifications, certifications, relevant work experience and other factors, consistent with applicable law. NetApp 13 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Solutions Engineer jobs in Greenwood Village, CO Jobs at NetApp in Greenwood Village, CO Solutions Engineer salaries in Greenwood Village, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from NetApp NetApp 744 reviews In a world full of generalists, NetApp is a specialist. We’re focused on one thing, helping your business get the most out of your data. ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
