
 
 
 
 CPU Research Scientist - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CPU Research Scientist Apple 10,411 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,411 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Jul 7, 2021 
Role Number: 200264797 
Do you have an uncommon desire to seek out and solve exceedingly difficult challenges rather than the easy ones? Do you believe that a world-class team with relentless drive can surpass even their own high expectations?
We do! But we also realize this job isn’t for everyone. What we do isn’t easy but you don’t take the easy path. We are seeking a highly motivated, innovative, and confident individuals to join the CPU Architecture and Performance Team; we are a group that is driving advanced exploration for next generation iPhone, iPad, and Mac CPU architectures. 
Key Qualifications 
Experience and knowledge of CPU architecture and micro-architecture concepts, expertise in one or multiple CPU focused areas. 
Ability to identify performance bottlenecks in workloads, craft ideas to solve them and implement those ideas in the performance simulator. 
Proficient in C/C++ and a scripting language such as Perl or Python. 
Knowledge and experience with common industry performance benchmarks and 
workloads. 
Description 
The CPU Platform Architecture team is responsible for setting direction for Apple CPUs towards high performance futuristic micro-architecture ideas. We want to push the boundaries of CPU performance to enhance user experience on Apple products through advanced CPU performance features.
In this role you will:
• Solve performance problems involving branch prediction, data/code prefetching, cache hierarchy or other CPU areas.
• Build the right tools suited for performance bottleneck analysis so that you can parse through the noise and focus on the real problem.
• Apply state of the art AI/ML techniques to solve CPU performance issues as necessary.
• Conduct continuous research into one or more CPU areas and provide guidance to Apple CPU design team on features that should be implemented in future CPUs.
• Present analysis/findings to CPU architecture and design teams.
• Provide recommendations and influence the roadmap for future Apple CPUs used in iPhone, iPad and Mac systems. 
Education & Experience 
PhD in Computer Science or Computer Engineering with focus on Computer Architecture. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Research Scientist salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,411 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
