
 
 
 
 AI Academy Assistant Instructor - Raleigh, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Academy Assistant Instructor NC State University 1,105 reviews Raleigh, NC NC State University 1,105 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. The AI Academy Assistant Instructor will serve as lead facilitator for the four workforce development training courses offered by the program. This will include co-planning with NCSU faculty for the training courses, leading delivery of content in workshop sessions, providing individual and group support for building skills, meeting with participants, scoring participant work, meeting with potential participants and interacting with partnering organizations. 
 
Duties include but are not limited to the following. 
Leading multiple sections of the AIA course workshops; 
Facilitating small group breakout sessions; 
Providing support to participants during virtual help sessions; 
Scoring participant work each week; 
Providing feedback to participants; 
Supporting participants with remediation and alternate assignments; 
Meeting with potential participants; 
Interacting with partnering organizations; 
Attending program meetings; 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 This will be a position that will require working evenings and Saturdays. 
 
 We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas for this position. 
 Minimum Qualifications:
 Masters degree in computer science with emphasis in artificial intelligence or masters degree in education with emphasis and/or at least 12 hours coursework in computer science. 
At least one year of experience as a course instructor. 
Degrees must be received from an appropriately accredited institution. 
 Proficient in programming using Python 
Excellent communication skills 
 Position Number:
 00108526
 Posting Date:
 09/08/2021
 Closing Date:
 American Recovery & Reinvestment Act Funded: University of North Carolina 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Instructor jobs in Raleigh, NC Jobs at NC State University in Raleigh, NC Assistant Instructor salaries in Raleigh, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from NC State University 1,105 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
