
 
 
 
 Computer Science/Information Technology Instructor and Special Projects - Farmington, NM 87402 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Science/Information Technology Instructor and Special Projects San Juan College 93 reviews Farmington, NM 87402 $60,000 - $70,000 a year  -   Full-time San Juan College 93 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $60,000 - $70,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Requisition Number   1468 
 
 Classification Title   Faculty 
 
 Job Title   Computer Science/Information Technology Instructor and Special Projects 
 
 Regular/Temporary   Regular 
 
 Full or Part Time   Full Time 
 
 Hours Per Week   40 
 
 Position Type   Faculty 
 
 Starting Salary   $60,000 - $70,000, dependent upon experience 
 
 Funding Type   Institutionally Funded 
 
 Job Description Summary 
 This position reports directly to the Dean of the School of Business, Information Technology & Social Sciences and is responsible for expanding the teaching capacity of the Computer Science/Information Technology programs, developing new curriculum in related areas, and providing oversight for the special appropriation for FY22. This is a faculty administrative position with a split of 80% instructional and 20% administrative duties per semester, including summer semesters. 
 
San Juan College is committed to building a diverse faculty and staff, and is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We seek an individual invested in equity and inclusiveness, who has experience with, knowledge of, and sensitivity to the needs of diverse populations. 
 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
 MAJOR DUTIES 
 Provides instruction in Computer Science and Information Technology courses with a focus on Cybersecurity. Assigned courses may also include short-term certification courses, bootcamps, or other non-credit workforce development courses. Such courses may be offered as day, evening, or online. 
 Instructs classes (12 credits per semester) at times on weekends, evenings and in hybrid formats; organizes instruction and plans student activities; assesses student work; calculates grades. 
 Works in collaboration with the Computer Science Department and the school Dean to develop courses leading to new certificates and degrees in areas such as artificial intelligence, data science, and machine learning, depending on labor market demand and student interest. 
 Responsibilities include developing and revising instructional materials using the Canvas LMS; holding a minimum of 5 office hours per week; maintaining and reporting student grades; engaging in professional development; organizing and maintaining program curricula; advising IT students; and serving on college teams and committees. 
 Provides recommendations to the Dean on program development, the purchase of hardware and/or software, and other programmatic expenditures that support the appropriation, e.g. the costs of industry certification examinations. 
 May also provide reports to the Higher Education Department as requested on courses offered, developed, and expenditures related to the state appropriation that funds this position. 
 Develops and designs curriculum in a variety of delivery modes. 
 Counsels and advises students concerning academic and career goals. 
 Oversees the maintenance of student files. 
 Attends professional development workshops and conferences. 
 May Provide in-service training to adjuncts or other instructors. 
 Performs related duties. 
 
KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED BY THE POSITION
 Knowledge of computer science and information technology, preferably cybersecurity and/or artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science, 
 Knowledge of best educational instructional practices. 
 Knowledge of curriculum development principles. 
 Knowledge of accreditation standards and processes. 
 Knowledge of college policies and procedures. 
 Skill in the delegation of responsibility and authority. 
 Skill in the operation of computers and job-related software programs. 
 Skill in decision making and problem solving. 
 Skill in interpersonal relations and in collaborating with the public. 
 Skill in oral and written communication. 
 Skill in working effectively with a wide range of constituencies in a diverse community. 
 
SUPERVISORY CONTROLS
 
The Dean assigns work in terms of program goals and objectives. The supervisor, IT/Computer Science Chair, reviews work through conferences, reports, and observation of program activities as well as in collaboration Coordinator through special projects and grant management. 
 
GUIDELINES 
 
Guidelines include grant requirements, accreditation requirements, and college and program policies and procedures. These guidelines require judgment, selection, and interpretation in application, program development and delivery of program. This position develops program guidelines. 
 
COMPLEXITY/SCOPE OF WORK
 The work consists of varied duties within the college’s IT/Computer Science and Workforce Development Departments to meet the objectives of the state appropriation. The variety of tasks to be managed contributes to the complexity of the position. 
 The purpose of this position is to coordinate the development and expansion of current program course offerings leading to high wage jobs with a focus on, but not limited to, Computer Science, Information Technology, AI and Cyber Security, for successful student course, program, certificate completion to meet the need in this growing field. Success in this position results in the efficient and effective provision of programming to students, timely reports to the Higher Education Department as needed, collaborative instructional and planning steps and well-communicated transparent support of current faculty in and out of the IT/Computer Science Department and with various programs. 
 
CONTACTS 
 Contacts are typically with co-workers, other college personnel, faculty, staff, students, public school teachers and administrators, and members of the general public. 
 Contacts are typically to give or exchange information, to resolve problems, to provide services, or to motivate or influence persons. 
 
PHYSICAL DEMANDS/ WORK ENVIRONMENT
 The work is typically performed sitting at a desk or table or while intermittently sitting, standing, walking, bending, crouching or stooping. The employee occasionally lifts light objects. 
 The work is typically performed in an office or classroom/school. 
 
SUPERVISORY AND MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY
 Supervises adjunct faculty. 
 
 Qualifications 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
 A master’s degree in teaching discipline, or a master’s degree and 18 graduate credit hours in the discipline, or equivalent experience. 
 The ideal candidate will have working experience and hold industry certifications in one or more of the following areas: Cyber Security, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Computing, and IT Grant Management. 
 College teaching experience teaching, including experiencing teaching dual credit students preferred. 
 Experience sufficient to thoroughly understand the diverse objectives and functions of the subunits in the division/department in order to direct and coordinate work within the division/department, usually interpreted to require three to five years of related experience. 
 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 This position will remain open until filled with application review occurring weekly. 
 
 Open Date   08/02/2021 
 
 Close Date 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Starting Date San Juan College 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Computer Instructor jobs in Farmington, NM Jobs at San Juan College in Farmington, NM Computer Instructor salaries in Farmington, NM Company Info Follow Get job updates from San Juan College 93 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
