
 
 
 
 CPU Architect - Platform Architecture - Austin, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search CPU Architect - Platform Architecture Apple 10,411 reviews Austin, TX Employer actively reviewed job 6 days ago Apple 10,411 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Feb 1, 2021 
Role Number: 200075371 
Do you have an uncommon desire to seek out and solve exceedingly difficult challenges rather than the easy ones? Do you thrive on adversity? Do you believe that truly valuable and meaningful accomplishments are the result of pushing the limits of perseverance? Do you believe that a world-class team with relentless drive can surpass even their own high expectations? We do! But we also realize this job isn’t for everyone. What we do isn’t easy but you don’t take the easy path. Apple is seeking a highly motivated and ambitious CPU Architect to join our group that is driving advanced exploration for next generation iPhone, iPad, and Mac CPU architectures. 
Key Qualifications 
You should have experience and knowledge of CPU architecture and micro-architecture concepts as well as deep expertise in one or more focused CPU areas. Areas could include ISA development, core micro-architecture, CPU security, memory subsystem design, coherency, fabric and scalable design, DRAM, reliability architecture, or AI/ML for architectural exploration. 
You will be setting direction. Therefore, you must be comfortable in an environment of uncertainty and be able to work through ambiguities. 
We believe in the power of teams working together, so you must have strong communication, influence, and negotiation skills. 
We are a data driven group and believe in the power of individuals proving their own ideas. Therefore, we prefer you have hands-on experience with high-level simulators for performance or power estimation. 
Proficiency in C and C++ 
Proficiency in scripting languages such as Perl or Python. 
Knowledge and experience with common performance benchmarks and workloads. 
Description 
As a CPU Architect you will independently identify potential areas for improvement while collecting data and measurements that either confirm your ideas or rule them out. We define new micro-architectures and optimize existing ones. You will use your intuition gained from experience as a guide but not as a filter. You will collaborate with experienced designers in micro-architecture and RTL to assess the feasibility of ideas, refine ideas, and seed new ones. The role requires the analysis of specific workloads across existing and new emerging product categories to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvement. An interest in AI/ML for architectural exploration or bottleneck identification is a plus. As a member of the CPU architecture and performance team you will collaborate with other world-class architects to maintain and improve the simulation environment and look for ways to boost the productivity of the entire team. 
Education & Experience 
BS, MS, or PhD in Electrical or Computer Engineering. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Austin, TX Jobs at Apple in Austin, TX Software Architect salaries in Austin, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,411 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
