
 
 
 
 PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER II - Marin County, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER II California Public Utilities Commission 40 reviews Marin County, CA $3,766 - $4,751 a month  -   Full-time California Public Utilities Commission 40 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $3,766 - $4,751 a month Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description and Duties 
 PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER II – BAY AREA DISTRICT / SF BAY SECTOR / ANGEL ISLAND 
This position may be downgraded to a Park Maintenance Worker I (AI) for recruitment purposes. 
The reporting location for this position is Angel Island State Park located in Tiburon, CA. This position will work under the direction of the Park Maintenance Supervisor. 
. 
The Park Maintenance Worker II (PMW II) serves as the lead for technical projects by performing both skilled and semi-skilled work as it relates to the construction and maintenance repair responsibilities associated with the District's historic and non-historic structures. This position has leadership responsibilities for directing, training and assisting other permanent and seasonal classifications in a variety of skilled assignments relating to carpentry, masonry, plumbing, painting, electrical, landscaping, and other tasks in connection with restoration, preservation, and stabilization of park facilities. The Park Maintenance Worker II consults with other craftsperson's; helps to maintain project safety; keeps tools, materials, and equipment in good condition; performs purchasing to maintain an inventory of supplies, keeps simple records, assists with MAXIMO documentation and data input, and also assists the boat staff when assigned as a deckhand; assumes responsibility of assisting with the safety of all state vessels and passengers. This position may be required to perform work in other locations throughout the District. 
 This position requires a valid California Class C Driver’s license. 
 The incumbent’s work schedule will be Sunday to Thursday from 7:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. 
State housing may be available.  For further information regarding this position, please contact Gerald O'Reilly at  (707) 338-9379  or Gerald.OReilly@parks.ca.gov. 
You will find additional information about the job in the  Duty Statement . 
 Minimum Requirements 
You will find the Minimum Requirements in the Class Specification. 
PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER II 
PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER I (ANGEL ISLAND) 
 Additional Documents 
 Job Application Package Checklist 
Duty Statement 
 Position Details 
 Job Code #:   JC-246188
 Position #(s): 
 549-656-6768-XXX 
 Working Title:   PMW II / PMW I (AI) 
 Classification:   PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER II
 $3,766.00 - $4,751.00
 Will Consider: 
 PARK MAINTENANCE WORKER I (ANGEL ISLAND)
 $3,462.00 - $4,340.00
 # of Positions:   1
 Work Location:   Marin County
 Job Type:   Permanent, Full Time
 Work Shift:   7:30 AM - 4:00 PM
 Work Week:   Sunday - Thursday
 Department Information 
 The mission of California State Parks is to provide for the health, inspiration and education of the people of California by helping to preserve the state's extraordinary biological diversity, protecting its most valued natural and cultural resources, and creating opportunities for high-quality outdoor recreation. 
All employees are responsible for contributing to an inclusive, safe, and secure work environment that values diverse cultures, perspectives, and experiences, and is free from discrimination. 
 Department Website: http://www.parks.ca.gov
 Special Requirements 
 The position(s) require(s) a valid California Drivers License (CDL). You must answer the questions addressing your CDL on your application. Ensure you provide your CDL number, class, expiration date, and any endorsements and/or restrictions. 
 Application Instructions 
 Completed applications and all required documents must be received or postmarked by the Final Filing Date in order to be considered. Dates printed on Mobile Bar Codes, such as the Quick Response (QR) Codes available at the USPS, are not considered Postmark dates for the purpose of determining timely filing of an application.
 Final Filing Date: 9/17/2021
 Who May Apply 
 Individuals who are currently in the classification, eligible for lateral transfer, eligible for reinstatement, have list eligibility, are in the process of obtaining list eligibility, or have SROA and/or Surplus eligibility (please attach your letter, if available). SROA and Surplus candidates are given priority; therefore, individuals with other eligibility may be considered in the event no SROA or Surplus candidates apply.
 
 
Applications will be screened and only the most qualified applicants will be selected to move forward in the selection process. Applicants must meet the Minimum Qualifications stated in the Classification Specification(s).
 How To Apply 
 Complete Application Packages (including your Examination/Employment Application (STD 678) and applicable or required documents) must be submitted to apply for this Job Posting. Application Packages may be submitted electronically through your CalCareer Account at www.CalCareers.ca.gov. When submitting your application in hard copy, a completed copy of the Application Package listing must be included. If you choose to not apply electronically, a hard copy application package may be submitted through an alternative method listed below: 
 Address for Mailing Application Packages 
 You may submit your application and any applicable or required documents to: 
 Department of Parks & Recreation
 Attn: Certification Unit/ Regina Aronson
 P.O. Box 942896
 Sacramento, CA 94296-0001
 Address for Drop-Off Application Packages 
 You may drop off your application and any applicable or required documents at: 
 Department of Parks & Recreation
 Regina Aronson
 715 P Street
 14th Floor, Human Resources - Reception Desk
 Sacramento, CA 95814
 Drop off not available on holidays and weekends
 08:00 AM - 05:00 PM
 Required Application Package Documents 
 The following items are required to be submitted with your application. Applicants who do not submit the required items timely may not be considered for this job:
 Current version of the State Examination/Employment Application STD Form 678 (when not applying electronically), or the Electronic State Employment Application through your Applicant Account at www.CalCareers.ca.gov. All Experience and Education relating to the Minimum Qualifications listed on the Classification Specification should be included to demonstrate how you meet the Minimum Qualifications for the position. 
 Resume is optional. It may be included, but is not required. 
 Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations for the hiring interview process must request the necessary accommodations if scheduled for a hiring interview. The request should be made at the time of contact to schedule the interview. Questions regarding reasonable accommodations may be directed to the EEO contact listed on this job posting.
 Benefits 
 Benefit information can be found on the CalHR website: https://www.calhr.ca.gov/Pages/California-State-Civil-Service-Employee-Benefits-Summary.aspx 
 General State Employment Benefits and Protections 
Click here to view more information about the outstanding benefits offered to State employees.
 Contact Information 
 The Hiring Unit Contact is available to answer questions regarding the position or application process.
 Department Website:  http://www.parks.ca.gov
 Hiring Unit Contact:
 
Regina Aronson 
(707) 769-5652 ext: 201 
regina.aronson@parks.ca.gov
 Please direct requests for Reasonable Accommodations to the interview scheduler at the time the interview is being scheduled. You may direct any additional questions regarding Reasonable Accommodations or Equal Employment Opportunity for this position(s) to the Department's EEO Office.
 EEO Contact: 
Sharon Comas - Human Rights Office 
(916) 653-8148 
 California Relay Service: 1-800-735-2929 (TTY), 1-800-735-2922 (Voice) TTY is a Telecommunications Device for the Deaf, and is reachable only from phones equipped with a TTY Device.
 Additional Instructions 
 If submitting your completed Application Package by mail or hand delivery, you  must  include the Position # 549-656-6768-XXX and the Job Control # JC-246188 in the “Examination or Job Title for which you are applying” section on the STD. 678.  Note:  If you are applying for multiple positions, you  must  complete a STD. 678 for each position separately. Incomplete applications or applications received with multiple positions listed on one application will not be considered. 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 The State of California is an equal opportunity employer to all, regardless of age, ancestry, color, disability (mental and physical), exercising the right to family care and medical leave, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religious creed, sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and related medical conditions), and sexual orientation.
 It is an objective of the State of California to achieve a drug-free work place. Any applicant for state employment will be expected to behave in accordance with this objective because the use of illegal drugs is inconsistent with the law of the State, the rules governing Civil Service, and the special trust placed in public servants. California Public Utilities Commission 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Maintenance Person jobs in Marin County, CA Jobs at California Public Utilities Commission in Marin County, CA Senior Maintenance Person salaries in Marin County, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from California Public Utilities Commission 40 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
