
 
 
 
 AI Engineering Manager - Santa Clara, CA 95054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Engineering Manager Espressive Santa Clara, CA 95054 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About the Role 
 
 
The AI Engineer – Manager will have a keen interest in developing enterprise software at scale and will work in developing NLP framework. 
 
 
In this role, your key responsibilities will be to: 
 
Develop Algorithms in Multilingual Conversational Systems for Intent, Entity detections, and automated conversations 
 Team Management 
 Work in a highly collaborative environment with teams to deliver systems from prototyping to production level 
 
 
What you will bring to the Espressive family: 
 
 
 Strong knowledge of NLP and hands-on experience in relevant projects 
 Applied experience in Natural Language Generation (NLG), Natural Language 
 
 Understanding (NLU) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) 
 
 Experience in machine learning platforms such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and solid programming development skills (Python, C/C++, etc.) 
 
 
About Espressive 
Espressive redefines how employees get help by delivering exceptional employee experiences. 
 
We were founded on the belief that getting help at work shouldn’t be so hard. While others have focused on solving the problems faced by help desk analysts, Espressive shifted the focus to the employee — because you can’t have self-service if employees are not engaged. 
 
Barista, our virtual support agent (VSA), brings the ease of consumer virtual assistants, such as Alexa and Google Home, into the workplace, delivering a personalized user experience that results in employee adoption rates of 80-85% and reduced help desk call volume of 40-60%. 
 
We've raised our series B and are funded by some of the best VCs in the world. We have a highly experienced, small team, led by a CEO and executive team with a proven track record of building successful companies. We have offices in Santa Clara, California, Salt Lake City, Utah and Guadalajara, Mexico. Espressive 17 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineering Manager jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Espressive in Santa Clara, CA Engineering Manager salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Espressive Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
