
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Ann Arbor, MI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Alteryx, Inc. 27 reviews Ann Arbor, MI Remote Full-time Alteryx, Inc. 27 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We’re looking for problem solvers, innovators, and dreamers who are searching for anything but business as usual. Like us, you’re a high performer who’s an expert at your craft, constantly challenging the status quo. You value inclusivity and want to join a culture that empowers you to show up as your authentic self. You know that success hinges on commitment, that our differences make us stronger, and that the finish line is always sweeter when the whole team crosses together.
 Alteryx  is searching for a Data Scientist in our Ann Arbor, MI location (  REMOTE  is an option).
 Position Overview:
 
The Data Science and Innovation Lab creates technologies, tools, and products to put data science in the hands of anyone that has a problem to solve. We prioritize quality and customer experience in everything we build.
 As a Data Scientist on the team, you will be on the forefront of analytic process automation breakthroughs. This is a hands-on role discovery role where you are expected to take chances, make mistakes, and get messy. Of course, this is then followed with strategic thinking, appropriate organization, and distilling the discoveries you make into easy consumable and highly valuable customer outcomes. You then have a chance to deliver your work directly into the product!
 Responsibilities
 Understand the needs of our customers in a variety of areas (Sales, Finance, Product, Marketing, Supply Chain, etc.)
 Develop tools that bring advanced data science concepts into the reach of operations analysts in order to streamline and enhance their Analytic Process Automation
 Ownership of all aspects of our product suite, including CICD pipelines, testing, documentation, codebase, marketing examples, and help docs
 Leverage/implement a wide array of statistical, econometrics and advanced analytic methods, including Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, to create new products, drive business insights and support data-driven decisions.
 Provide coaching and guidance on data science best practices throughout the community via blog posts
 Create and deliver training curriculum on data science leveraging Alteryx and other tools (e.g. Tableau)
 Qualifications:
 Degree in Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, Physics, Data Science, or other Quantitative Discipline a plus
 2+ years' relevant professional experience
 Experience leveraging statistics/econometrics with direct business application (Prediction, Forecasting, Inference)
 Experience developing business/customer insights using novel econometric techniques a plus
 Experience with Python, Alteryx, R, or other statistical software
 Experience with modern data warehouses/data structure techniques (Snowflake, Redshift/Dimensional Modeling)
 Experience leveraging visualization tools (Tableau, Qlik, etc.) to translate complex process/model output into deep business/customer insights
 Exceptional teamwork and coaching skills
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills with experience presenting technical concepts to all levels of internal/external customers
 Ability to think on your feet and problem solve
 Experience working in a fast-paced culture, managing multiple deliverables a plus
 Brownie Points for:
 Experience with JavaScript, React/Redux, Typescript, HTML5 a plus
 Experience delivering software
 Experience with Alteryx Designer / Server
 Experience with CICD pipelines
 Compensation:
 Alteryx is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The salary range for this role in Ann Arbor, MI is $88,400 - $150,300 . Compensation will ultimately be in line with the location in which the position is filled. Final compensation for this role will be determined by various factors such as a candidate’s relevant work experience, skills, certifications, and geographic location.
 This role is eligible for variable compensation including bonus and stock grants.
 #LI-LH1 #LI-Remote
 Find yourself checking a lot of these boxes but doubting whether you should apply? At Alteryx, we support a growth mindset for our associates through all stages of their careers. If you meet some of the requirements and you share our values, we encourage you to apply. As part of our ongoing commitment to a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace, we’re invested in building teams with a wide variety of backgrounds, identities, and experiences .
 Benefits & Perks:
 Alteryx has amazing benefits for all Associates which can be viewed here . Alteryx, Inc. Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Ann Arbor, MI Jobs at Alteryx in Ann Arbor, MI Data Scientist salaries in Ann Arbor, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Alteryx, Inc. Alteryx, Inc. 27 reviews Alteryx is a leader in Analytic Process Automation (APA). The Alteryx APA platform unifies analytics, data science and business process a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
