
 
 
 
 COMMAND TECHNOLOGY OFFICER - Camp H M Smith, HI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search COMMAND TECHNOLOGY OFFICER US Immediate Office of the Chief of Naval Operations Camp H M Smith, HI Remote $132,066 - $183,300 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $132,066 - $183,300 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 You will serve as the Command Technology Officer (CTO) for Special Operations Command, Pacific (SOCPAC), Camp H.M. Smith, HI.
 
 
A Cost-of-Living-Allowance (COLA) of  10.28 % will be added to the stated salary. 
 Responsibilities 
 You will work with a diverse group of stake holders to lead SOCPAC's digital data management strategy with a focus on artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data management mission objectives. 
 You will identify effective technical solutions, processes, procedures and innovation practices to enable data-driven decisions both operationally and administratively. 
 You will identify the most effective and efficient levers for improving SOCPAC's ability to leverage data and data services to achieve Command mission objectives based upon quantitative and qualitative assessments of user needs. 
 You will champion the use of modern data management, drawing heavily upon best practices from the technology industry such as leveraging open-source technologies and agile development in an environment where speed and accuracy are essential. 
 You will assess current state, lead innovation efforts, provide data management technology solutions related to AI/ML and data management policy and lead efforts to redesign key business processes to increase efficiency and improve user experience. 
 You will lead the SOCPAC enterprise in continuous development, feedback, and delivery towards agile-like development practices and enable SOCPAC to leverage best practices from the open-source community to integrate modern technology development. 
 You will manage a complex stakeholder environment, coordinating with senior level officials across Federal Agencies, DoD, USSOCOM and Component CDOs, GCC Data Offices and others to build support and consensus for unit strategy, goals and objectives. 
 You will plan and execute an iterative strategy to scale an organization from startup phase to mature. 
 You will provide expertise in building partnerships with leadership to recommend and implement data management technology approaches for issues of national significance. 
 You will develop SOCPAC level strategy for interoperability and coordination between incoming and existing AI/ML and data management projects/technologies to move SOCPAC towards an integrated technology and data environment. 
 Travel Required 
 Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 None
 Job family (Series) 
 2210 Information Technology Management
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Must be a US Citizen. 
 Must be determined suitable for federal employment. 
 Must participate in the direct deposit pay program. 
 New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit e-verify.gov 
 Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326. 
 Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service. 
 You will be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal. 
 Successful completion of a pre-employment drug test (including marijuana) is required. A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if you fail to report to the drug test appointment or fail the test. You will be subject to random testing. 
 This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You must be able to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time. 
 You will be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment. 
 Qualifications 
 QUALIFICATIONS REQUIREMENTS:  Applicants will be assessed against Mandatory Technical Qualifications (MTQs) and Senior Professional Qualifications.  Failure to provide a separate narrative statement which describes fully and concisely how your experience meets the Mandatory Technical Qualifications will eliminate you from consideration.  MTQs must not exceed two (2) pages for EACH MTQ and all Senior Professional Qualifications must be addressed in a total of two (2) pages. 
 
 MANDATORY TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
1. Incumbent must have significant demonstrable experience in the strategic use of one or more competencies, to include high quality data, and management, data architecture development, data management tools, data modeling and design, data storage and operations, data security, data integration and interoperability, information data management strategy, data science, software development, and business analytics; information technology capabilities that focus in the area of visualization, AI; data management capabilities, integration, and acquisition; and, willingness to remain current in relevant areas of emerging technologies. 
 
2. Incumbent must have deep strategic level knowledge in several of the following areas: data infrastructure and data concepts (e.g. cloud, application development, AI, and other relevant data management technologies); documents and content, which includes all forms of structured and unstructured data and the work necessary to make it accessible to, and integrated with multiple technology systems; reference and master data management; data warehousing and business intelligence; and, metadata management. 
 
3. Incumbent must exhibit a high degree of judgement, resourcefulness, originality, and the ability to foresee the impact of changing technology in the area of data, data management, artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML), and tools. 
 
4. Ability to influence and guide cross-functional teams to successfully deliver outcomes while not directly in the chain of command. 
 
5. Effective communication skills (written and verbal) to properly articulate complex constructs at the 3-star/senior executive level, functional line management, and other Information Technology development partners. 
 
 SENIOR PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:  Applicants should focus on recent experience, education, and training, as some recruitment panels may consider experience that's over 10 years old to be outdated. Supplemental statement addressing the following (NTE a total of two pages): 
 
1. Contributions: Achievements that impacted the organizations mission and contributed to knowledge advancements in the fields of advanced research/strategy. 
 
2. Leadership: Recognized leader in the application of advanced research/strategy, as evidenced by personal impact to and enhancement of the organization's capability and scope. 
 
3. Professional Stature: Recognized standing as indicated by memberships and activity in professional organizations and/or within the larger DoD/Industry professional community. This includes citations, honors, awards, patents, and publications and other forms of recognition, such as requests for professional consultation, which indicate acceptance by peer group as an authoritative source in the field. 
 
Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. 
 
Master's Degree with a specialization in technical or managerial discipline or comparable leadership experience as a technology executive in a software or data-centric company is highly desirable.
 Education 
 This job does not have an education qualification requirement.
 Additional information 
 This is a public notice flyer to notify interested applicants of anticipated vacancies. Applications will not be accepted through this flyer. Interested applicants must follow the directions in the "How to Apply" section of this flyer to be considered. There may or may not be actual vacancies filled from this flyer. Notice of Result letters will not be sent to applicants who respond to this flyer. 
 
This position is not covered by the Department of Defense Priority Placement Program. 
 
Term appointments may be extended up to 8 years at the discretion of management and in accordance with applicable regulations. Additionally, you may be noncompetitively converted to a permanent career-conditional or career appointment under specific conditions. 
 
Several vacancies may be filled. 
 
A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if the selectee fails to meet the pre-employment requirements, including failure to report to any of the scheduled appointments. 
 
Federal annuitant information: The selection of an annuitant is subject to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy policy on the employment of annuitants. Policy information may be found at: http://www.secnav.navy.mil/donhr/Documents/CivilianJobs/FedCivAnnuitants.pdf 
 
Highly Qualified appointments may be extended at the discretion of management and in accordance with applicable regulations. 
 
Temporary actions taken under this announcement may be terminated at any time before the established not-to-exceed date. 
 
Recruitment incentives may be authorized to eligible new hires. 
 
A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee. A relocation incentive may be authorized. 
 
This position is in the excepted service and does not confer competitive status. 
 
This position is eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management. 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 In order to qualify for this position, your resume must provide sufficient experience and/or education, knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform the duties of the specific position for which you are being considered. Your resume is the key means we have for evaluating your skills, knowledge, and abilities as they relate to this position. Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience. 
 
As vacancies occur, the Human Resources Office will review your resume to ensure you meet the hiring eligibility and qualification requirements listed in this flyer. You will be rated based on the information provided in your resume, along with your supporting documentation. 
 
If selected, you may be required to provide additional supporting documentation. 
 
If after reviewing your resume and supporting documentation, a determination is made that you inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may be found ineligible/not qualified. 
 
Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating or consideration for employment. 
 
All qualification requirements must be met before being considered for any vacancies. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Sensitive Compartmented Information
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 A complete resume is required.  Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments. Your resume must show complete information for each job entry to support minimum qualifications. The following information should be provided in your resume, but it is acceptable to provide elsewhere in your application package: employer's name, starting and end dates (Mo/Yr), hours per week, and pay plan, series and grade level (e.g. GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience. TIP: A good way to ensure you include all essential information is to use the Resume Builder in USAJOBS to create your resume. 
 
 A separate narrative statement is required.  Your narrative statement must address the Mandatory Technical Qualifications (MTQs) listed above (NTE two pages for each MTQ). 
 
 A supplemental statement is required . Your supplemental statement must address the Senior Professional Qualifications listed above (NTE a total of two pages). 
 
 Are you claiming membership in any professional organizations, or possession of a license, certificate or credentials?  Check the  Conditions of Employment  section above to see if any are required. If you claim membership, license, certification, or credentials, you must submit a copy of said document in your application package.
 
 
 Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement?  Check the  Education  section above to see what is allowed and what is required. Any claims you make in your resume or assessment questionnaire regarding education or degrees MUST be supported by submitting with your application official or unofficial transcripts or a list of courses, grades earned, completion dates, and quarter and semester hours earned issued from your school. While unofficial transcripts are acceptable for initial application, an official transcript will ultimately be required if you are selected for the position. You may submit a copy your degree(s) if specific coursework does not have to be verified. 
 
 Are you a veteran claiming 5-point veterans' preference  or  claiming sole survivorship preference?  You must submit a copy of your latest DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (any copy that shows all dates of service, as well as character of service [Honorable, General, etc.] is acceptable) OR a VA letter that shows dates of service or service connected disability AND character of service. If you have more than one DD-214 for multiple periods of active duty service, submit a copy for each period of service. If you were issued a DD-215 to amend aforementioned information on the DD-214 you must submit that too. If you are not sure of your preference eligibility, visit the Department of Labor's website: Veterans' Preference Advisor 
 
 Are you a disabled veteran or claiming 10-point veterans' preference? 
If you are eligible to claim 10 point veterans preference you must submit a DD-214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty as described above for 5-point preference. 
 
You must also provide the applicable supporting documentation of your disability (e.g. disability letter from the VA) as described on Standard Form-15 (SF-15). http://www.opm.gov/forms/pdf_fill/SF15.pdf. 
 
 Are you an active duty service member?  Active Duty Service Members are required to submit a statement of service printed on command letterhead and signed by the command. The statement of service must provide the branch of service, rate/rank, all dates of service, the expected date of discharge and anticipated character of service (Honorable, General, etc.). 
 
Documents submitted as part of the application package, to include supplemental documents, may be shared beyond the Human Resources Office. Some supplemental documents contain personal information such as SSN and DOB and some documents such as military orders and marriage certificates may contain personal information for someone other than you. You may sanitize these documents to remove said personal information before you submit your application. You must provide an un-sanitized version of the documents if you are selected.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Senior executives
 Those who meet the five Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs).
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 U.S. Citizens usajobs.gov 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Commander jobs in Camp H M Smith, HI Commander salaries in Camp H M Smith, HI Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
