
 
 
 
 Research Scientist -Cloud - San Jose, CA 95101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist -Cloud IBM 30,893 reviews San Jose, CA 95101 Full-time IBM 30,893 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
IBM Research Scientists are charting the future of Artificial Intelligence, creating breakthroughs in quantum computing, discovering how blockchain will reshape the enterprise, and much more. Join a team that is dedicated to applying science to some of today's most complex challenges, whether it’s discovering a new way for doctors to help patients, teaming with environmentalists to clean up our waterways or enabling retailers to personalize customer service. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
The hybrid data management research group at IBM Almaden Research Center is looking for highly qualified candidates who are interested in exploring and prototyping emerging architectures and solutions for data and AI, and their application to specific vertical domains such as health care, finance, and compliance. 
 
We are investigating a wide variety of data research problems associated with data-intensive and cognitive analytics using large-scale relational database systems, data-parallel systems such as Spark, and other types of advanced data management systems. This includes systems deployed in the cloud, particularly in the context of hybrid cloud, and massive interactions with mobile applications and IoT. 
 
We are interested in many related technologies, including support for unstructured, semi-structured, graph-structured, and structured data and analytics, querying systems that utilize ontologies, natural language and conversational interfaces, column-store techniques, large scale graph analytics, and semantic querying of knowledge graphs. We are researching scalable systems that data scientists use to experiment with novel machine learning and deep learning algorithms, and run on scale-up, multi-core, large memory machines as well as scale-out, data parallel platforms. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Backend software engineering in C/C++, Java, Scala, Python 
Databases (SQL, No-SQL, Key-Value stores) 
Distributed Systems and distributed programming frameworks 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Big data analytics and data science especially graph analytics 
Containers, Kubernetes, Openshift 
Knowledge graphs 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities. 
 
Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone. 
 
It's time to define your career. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at IBM in San Jose, CA Research Scientist salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,893 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
