
 
 
 
 Capgemini Invent - Consultant - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Capgemini Invent - Consultant Capgemini 8,320 reviews New York, NY Full-time Capgemini 8,320 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Capgemini Invent - Consultant 057226 
Capgemini Invent - Consultant 
 
 About Capgemini Invent 
 As the innovation and transformation powerhouse of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent helps CxOs navigate today while plotting a course for the future. Located in offices and creative studios around the world, including brands like frog, Cambridge Consultants, Synapse and Purpose, its 10,000+ strong team combines strategy, technology, data science and creative design with deep industry expertise and insights. We invent futures that are relevant, resilient, and sustainable for society, for businesses and the customers they serve. 
 
 Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 270,000 team members in nearly 50 countries. With its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. 
 
 With the support of a broader global organization, Capgemini Invent offers: 
 Management consulting focused on strategy, solution development, and execution 
 A community of bright, highly motivated professionals 
 An entrepreneurial environment which allows great opportunity for motivated leaders to have an impact 
 A fun, team-oriented environment that works closely and collaboratively with clients 
 Job Title:  Consultant 
 Locations:  Atlanta,   Chicago, New York, San Francisco 
 Required Background:
 Bachelor’s degree obtained by June 2021 (all majors accepted) 
 
 Other Requirements 
 Reside within or be able to relocate to one of the four Capgemini Invent locations listed above 
 Willingness to travel frequently, up to 100% as necessary 
 Legal authorization to work in the U.S. in an unrestricted manner that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa 
 
 Qualifications for Role 
 An ideal candidate is motivated to deliver high-quality work to drive customer satisfaction. This person uses his or her intellect, insight, and ability to build creative solutions with clients and colleagues while embracing a collaborative mindset. Key qualifications include: 
 Academic or professional experience that relates to one of our Capability Practices 
 Ability to communicate complex ideas clearly at a management level, with excellent written and oral presentation skills, fluent in English 
 Highly structured and conceptual mindset coupled with strong quantitative and analytical problem-solving aptitude 
 Exceptional interpersonal and collaboration skills within a team environment 
 
 Key Responsibilities of an Associate Consultant 
 Mastering key consulting skills; including communication, analysis, teamwork, and delivery 
 Collaborating with team members and clients to drive development of deliverables and strategy 
 Researching, aggregating and analyzing data; synthesizing large quantities of information; extracting meaningful insights and making recommendations 
 Assessing clients' problems critically, structuring analyses, applying analytical frameworks, and conceptualizing strategy development 
 Developing and maintaining knowledge of industry landscape and trends 
 Supporting internal practice development and business development activities 
 
 About your Career 
 Our growth ambition and collaborative work approach with clients combine to create a business culture that allows new consultants to dive right in and become an integral part of the team. The entrepreneurial working style and size of our practice will enable you to create a name for yourself, shine early on, and have a significant impact on our clients and our company. 
 
 We offer countless opportunities to learn, grow, and develop both your business technology expertise and your leadership capabilities. New joiners first step into the world of Capgemini Invent via The Institute - our intensive ramp up into management consulting. With the support of intense coaching, consultants work on short projects supporting real business needs within our client ecosystem to learn our methodologies and collaborative work approach. New joiners also get the opportunity to meet colleagues from around the group to develop their network. 
 Please visit our website at: capgemini.com/service/invent/ for more information about Capgemini Invent. 
 
 We bring an inventive mindset and unique spectrum of multidisciplinary expertise to address the individual needs of each client - and deliver results that count. 
 frog CUSTOMER FIRST 
 We are inventing the future of experiences  by delivering market-defining business models, products, services, brand engagements and communications. We create  better solutions , invented with, and for, the customers who use them. 
 
 INTELLIGENT INDUSTRY 
 We are inventing the future of industry  by bringing together the physical and digital worlds: helping companies to invent intelligent products, operations and services at scale. Unleashing new sources of  value and opportunity. 
 
 ENTERPRISE TRANSFORMATION 
 We are inventing the future of digital organizations  by combining the right people, organization, and processes, all empowered by technology, insights, and assets. We deliver transformation from the inside out, magnifying the organization’s digital and  sustainable footprint.  We are a  transformation engine. 
 
 DATA EVERYWHERE 
 By putting creative thinking into practice, we use the  power of data to unlock opportunities. 
 
 Capgemini Invent Industries 
 BANKING: The open era
 Whether they’re an established bank, new player, or retailer, utility or telco looking to deliver financial services, we help our clients optimize winning market opportunities. 
 INSURANCE: Becoming an inventive insurer
 As digitally masterful newcomers rewrite the rules of insurance, we help clients build the right ecosystems and partnerships, empowering them to reimagine and reinvigorate the game. 
 AUTOMOTIVE: The consumer-centric revolution
 Whether their focus is on improved efficiencies through smart automation or on new value through smart mobility, we partner with our clients as digital platform provider, agile transformation partner, and technology delivery supplier. 
 CONSUMER PRODUCTS AND RETAIL: The reinvention of retail
 Our experience and expertise across the entire CPR domain have resulted in us working with 26 of the world’s top 30 retailers over the last few years, and 16 of the world’s top 20 leading consumer packaged goods companies. 
 TELECOMMUNICATIONS: Supercharge your presence in the digital world
 We help operators and industry players to launch new digital value propositions to the market, improve omnichannel customer experience and operational excellence, capture revenue and efficiency opportunities, and harness the game-changing power of 5G. 
 PUBLIC SECTOR: Getting cutting-edge solutions to the front-line
 By leveraging our global community of public sector experts and an ecosystem of startups, accelerators, incubators, strategic technology, and business partners, we help our clients discover and implement new approaches to service delivery. 
 LIFE SCIENCES: An industry transformed
 We leverage an expert network to help transform the entire value chain from R&D, to clinical trials, industrial affairs, and commercial operations, boosting patient adherence and engagement and creating new business models around connected health and virtual health care. 
 ENERGY AND UTILITIES: Redefining the relationship
 The relationship between people and energy is changing and organizations need to redefine how they interact with their customers, adapting as they do this. Highly engaged will replace transactional, and commodity mindsets will be replaced by environmental and societal concerns. We are at the heart of helping our clients with this transition. 
 
Job  Campus or Intern 
Schedule  Full-time 
Primary Location  US-NY-New York 
Organization  INVENT PEOPLE Capgemini Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Capgemini in New York, NY Consultant salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Capgemini Capgemini 8,320 reviews A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
