
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Lehi, UT 84043 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Aktify Lehi, UT 84043 Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Aktify, Inc. was founded in 2017 and has offices in Menlo Park, CA, Lehi, UT and Seattle, WA with additional offices opening soon.  **Remote applicants are welcome. You MUST be residing and working in the United States and willing to travel once per quarter to our offices in Lehi, UT.** 
At Aktify, we are mastering productive conversations at scale between brands and consumers to drive improved sales, marketing, and service results through collective intelligence. We’re looking for problem solvers, innovators, and dreamers who are searching for anything but business as usual. Like us, you’re a high performer who’s an expert at your craft, constantly challenging the status quo. You value inclusivity and want to join a culture that empowers you to show up as your authentic self. You know that success hinges on commitment, that our differences make us stronger, and that the finish line is always sweeter when the whole team crosses together. 
As a  Senior Data Scientist  you will work as both research scientist and software engineer. You will create machine learning models and conduct experiments to assure these models are creating real customer value. You will also provide your ideas and insights to help us improve our systems and products. 
Responsibilities 
Heavy focus on NLP, particularly multi-label classification, dialog modeling and deep learning. 
Reading, understanding and replicating state of the art machine learning research papers and being able to go beyond it with your own original research as needed. 
Work extensively with Pytorch transformers, and tuning their accuracy and performance in production settings. 
Dive into the raw data to understand what's going on under the hood as needed. 
Required 
2+ years experience with building and deploying machine learning systems. 
Experience with Python, GIT, and using open-source machine learning libraries such as Scikit-Learn, PyTorch, Keras, spacy, Fairseq, HuggingFace, etc. 
You are an expert in machine learning, and have a deep understanding of most traditional machine learning models, as well as deep neural networks. 
You have a masters or PhD in computer science, statistics, math or a quantitative / scientific STEM substitute like physics or chemistry (an MIS or MBA do not fulfill this requirement) 
Ideal Candidate 
You've published one or more papers on machine learning topics. 
You understand that BERT is not magic, and that transformers have limitations (e.g., handling negation, spelling errors, numbers, causality) that need to be designed around, customized for, and mitigated. 
Passionate about learning and staying up-to-date on state of the art AI / ML research. 
Experience with A/B frameworks and experimental design in production settings. 
Plays (and researches) well with others 
Published and interested in future contributions 
Loves working in a startup environment (wants to do the dirty work, lots of ambiguity, fast pace, adaptive, flexible, proactively covers bases, etc.) 
Strong sense of ownership and accountability 
Reflects our company values: humble, hungry & smart 
Entrepreneurial mindset and knows how to block distractions and avoid being a distraction in a dynamic environment 
Comfortable giving and receiving open and honest feedback with the goal of improving how you and your team work 
Benefits 
Be part of a well-funded startup with a remarkable culture 
Collaborate with other brilliant people to create visionary solutions 
Competitive salary and stock option grants 
Medical, dental and vision insurance with FSA and HSA options 
Company-paid life insurance policy 
Unlimited PTO 
Paid parental leave 
401(k) and/or Roth participation 
Hybrid in-office, work-from-home options 
EEOC statement: 
We are an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a talented and diverse team with many perspectives, and backgrounds. Decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, age, religion, national origin, gender, color, sexual orientation, veteran status, marital status, or disability status. 
 P7i4jrbh5s Aktify 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Lehi, UT Jobs at Aktify in Lehi, UT Senior Data Scientist salaries in Lehi, UT Company Info Follow Get job updates from Aktify Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
