
 
 
 
 Compliance Associate - Partnerships - Columbus, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Compliance Associate - Partnerships Upstart Network, Inc. 12 reviews Columbus, OH Remote Upstart Network, Inc. 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. Forbes recently ranked Upstart #12 on its list of "most promising AI companies in America." Inc. Magazine also recognized Upstart as one of the Best Workplaces for 2020.
 
By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart not only supports a large remote workforce, but also has offices in San Mateo, CA; Columbus, OH; and Austin, TX
 
Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we’d love to hear from you!
 
The Team
 
Our compliance team plays a critical role in mitigating risk and protecting Upstart’s growth and success.
 
As a Compliance Associate at Upstart, you are passionate about solving complex problems, researching interesting topics, and proactively collaborating with colleagues . This role will have a major impact on the team and company by testing our compliance with regulations and policies and procedures. They will also be instrumental in ensuring our compliance management system is fully effective and changes as we grow, products change, and regulations shift.
 
A successful candidate in this role is detail oriented, has critical thinking skills, and can communicate complex issues simply. If you share our passion for building innovative technology, expanding credit based on true risk while ensuring consumer protection, this could be the role for you.
 
Position Location - This role is available in the following locations: Remote, San Mateo, Columbus
 
Time Zone Requirements - This team operates on both East and West Coast time zones.
 
Travel Requirements - This team has regular on-site collaboration sessions. These occur 3 days a Month at the Columbus office. If you need to travel to make these meetups, Upstart will cover all travel related expenses.
 
 How you’ll make an impact: 
Support lending partners’ regularly scheduled QA and compliance audits
 Coordinate with PBU Sales team to respond to diligence requests received from lending partners
 Configure and maintain servicing policies for our lending partners
 Compile documentation and information requested from auditors and other 3rd parties
 Provide oversight and analysis of complaints
 Compile monthly complaints reporting
 Perform end to end compliance platform testing
 Coordinate monthly, quarterly and annual compliance reporting for our lending partners
 Meet with existing lending partners regularly to discuss their programs and keep them informed of changes
 Present the UNI compliance program to potential lending partners
 Assist with third party compliance audits and associated remediation projects
 Other special projects as assigned
 
 What we’re looking for: 
Bachelor’s degree
 1-2 compliance, inside sales, or operational with 3-5 years industry experience
 Working knowledge of applicable consumer protection laws including FCRA, TILA, and ECOA
 Superior written and verbal communication with people of all backgrounds
 Ability to understand and explain complex concepts in a user friendly way
 A self-starter mentality with the ability to work well under pressure and a strong sense of personal accountability and ownership
 Strong commitment to both personal and company ethics
 
 What you’ll love: 
Competitive Compensation (base + bonus & equity)
 
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
 
Personal Development and Technology & Ergonomic Budgets
 
Life insurance and disability benefits
 
Clubs and Activities (Game Nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, Book Club, Investing Club, Money Discussions, Photography Club and Basketball teams)
 
Generous vacation policy
 
401(k)
 
Catered lunches + snacks & drinks
 
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
 
https://www.upstart.com/candidate_privacy_policy Upstart Network, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate jobs in Columbus, OH Jobs at Upstart Network in Columbus, OH Associate salaries in Columbus, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from Upstart Network, Inc. Upstart Network, Inc. 12 reviews Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. As we transitioned to being a publi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
