
 
 
 
 Senior Researcher in Real-Time Data Analysis and Artificial Intelligence - Oak Ridge, TN 37830 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Researcher in Real-Time Data Analysis and Artificial Intelligence Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge, TN 37830 Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Id 4550 
Overview 
 
The Computational Urban Sciences Group in the Computational Sciences and Engineering Division (CSED) at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) seeks to hire a senior researcher to lead scientific data-analysis and develop insights from the application of Artificial Intelligence approaches for cloud-based high volume and high velocity real-time systems. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated leading projects involving data sources from sensors and simulation models from domains such as the electric grid, transportation, integration of renewables, as well as buildings. 
 
The Computational Urban Sciences Group is comprised of a multi-disciplinary team of scientists carrying out applied research at the intersection of computing and complex urban systems in the emerging environment of smart cities, energy infrastructures, a modernizing electric grid, smarter and sustainable mobility, responsive buildings, changing impacts of severe weather and climate, and data driven emergency response and resiliency. The advances are enabled by the growing body of technologies that includes big-data, modeling and simulation, machine learning, visualization, graph analytics, geovisualization, high-performance computing, and cloud computing. The candidate must be comfortable working as part of a tightly integrated team and must be capable of supporting multiple projects simultaneously. 
 
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
Lead, develop, optimize, and transition algorithm prototypes to robust implementations.
 Maintain and enhance a strong knowledge profile of real-time data techniques, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning and related emerging technologies. 
Demonstrate the impact of new scientific discoveries. 
Develop new concepts and proposals and lead programmatic engagement. 
Adapt to changing needs of researchers and project sponsors. 
Lead and maintain a strong publication record. 
 
Basic Qualifications: 
PhD in computer science, computer or computational engineering, geography, mathematics, or related disciplines and 6 years of experience.
 Candidates must have demonstrated ability of having led and built compelling real-time data analysis applications that have used Artificial Intelligence approaches to derive novel insight. 
Maintain and enhance a strong knowledge profile of scalable Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning techniques. 
 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Research experience in real-time earth/urban system awareness, simulation, and forecast; geospatial studies at national/global scale and high resolution; time-series analysis; uncertainty quantification. 
Experience in developing GPU based Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning solutions including the use of AI/ML libraries (TensorFlow, CUDA, PyTorch, etc.). 
Experience in scalable databases and data programming models (e.g., Cassandra, MongoDB, Spark, Hadoop); engineering experience in database design. 
Experience developing and automating cloud-based solutions (e.g. AWS), CI/CD workflows).
 Experience in high-performance computing, parallel programming models (e.g., MPI, OpenMP, GPU), and middleware (e.g., job schedulers, data transfer tools, parallel IO). 
Knowledge of streaming sensor data as well as working with data from simulation, co-simulation, and modeling tools. 
Knowledge and experience of Agile processes. 
Experience with Big Data technologies such as the Apache stack, Spark, MapReduce, NoSQL databases and graph database is desirable. 
Experience in statistics, data visualization, geographic information systems, big-data mining, streaming data platforms, and simulation and modeling is desirable. 
Strong social and communication skills and experience in working with multidisciplinary teams. 
 
Relocation:  Moving can be overwhelming and expensive. UT-Battelle offers a generous relocation package to ease the transition process. Domestic and international relocation assistance is available for certain positions. If invited to interview, be sure to ask your Recruiter (Talent Acquisition Partner) for details. 
 
For more information about our benefits, working here, and living here, visit the “About” tab at jobs.ornl.gov. 
 
This position will remain open for a minimum of 5 days after which it will close when a qualified candidate is identified and/or hired. 
We accept Word (.doc, .docx), Adobe (unsecured .pdf), Rich Text Format (.rtf), and HTML (.htm, .html) up to 5MB in size. Resumes from third party vendors will not be accepted; these resumes will be deleted and the candidates submitted will not be considered for employment. 
If you have trouble applying for a position, please email ORNLRecruiting@ornl.gov. 
ORNL is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, are encouraged to apply. UT-Battelle is an E-Verify employer. Oak Ridge National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Researcher jobs in Oak Ridge, TN Jobs at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, TN Senior Researcher salaries in Oak Ridge, TN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oak Ridge National Laboratory Oak Ridge National Laboratory 204 reviews Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provides exceptional researchers with distinctive equipment and unique facilities to solve some of t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
