
 
 
 
 Chief Information Officer - Irvine, CA 92612 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Information Officer Athens Services 73 reviews Irvine, CA 92612 Athens Services 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview & Essential Job Functions:
 
Position Summary: 
Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Information Officer will be responsible for all aspects of Information Technology in the Company including all software applications, computer hardware, cyber security, data bases, and connectivity of the various locations of the Company. The CIO will be a business partner with the management team with the responsibility to effectively support the ongoing IT needs of the business as well as creating and implementing a strategic vision for the implementation of a fully integrated ERP platform across the Company. The ability to effectively work with the leadership team and the Board of Directors in understanding both the current and long term needs of the business as well as bringing innovative new ideas and technologies is critical to the success of the role. 
 Essential Job Functions Include: 
Maintain the effective deployment and support for all software applications used by the Company including version upgrades, network infrastructure, and security. 
Provide proactive partnership with the executive leadership team to understand the IT needs and requirements of the ongoing operations of the Company as well as existing projects which need the support of IT
 Analyze the technology currently in use to ensure efficiency, accuracy and security.
 Stay current with the latest developments and capabilities of IT including artificial intelligence and data analytics
 Lead a companywide effort to create a road map and vision for a fully integrated ERP platform for the Company to support future growth of the Company. This effort includes obtaining alignment of all key stakeholders as well as obtaining board approval for the project.
 Oversee projects and assignments within the IS department. 
Communicate goals, projects, and timelines of the company to the department; plan ways to execute those goals within the department; and conduct performance evaluations that are timely and constructive. 
Identify new IS developments and technologies; anticipate resulting organizational modifications. 
Ensure that IS and network infrastructure adequately support the company’s computing, data processing, reporting and communications needs. 
Develop and manage the IS budget.
 Ensure compliance with government regulations that apply to systems operations. 
Manage outsider vendors and contractors providing IS services. 
Maintain security of company information and information systems. 
Perform other related duties as assigned.
 Qualifications & Environmental Demands:
 
Required Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Information Technology or other related degree. 
At least 10 years of experience in administration of information systems and technology, with increasing level of responsibility throughout. 
Successful ERP implementation in a similar size Company as Athens.
 Problem solving, and experience in strategic planning and execution.
 Professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
 Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite or related software.
 Excellent ability to conceptualize long-term business goals and develop orderly processes to accomplish those goals. 
Excellent managerial, leadership, and coaching skills. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Waste industry experience. 
Master’s Degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or Information Technology. 
Environmental Demands: 
Traveling between and among facilities
 Exposure to dust, smoke, fumes, odors and noise occasionally. 
Exposure to grease, oil, chemicals, and wet conditions occasionally. 
Benefits:
 
Benefits: 
Comprehensive benefit package Medical, Dental, Vision 
401K, Profit Sharing, Company Match 
Employee Assistance Program 
Life Insurance 
Paid Vacation and Sick Time 
Recognition programs 
Professional development learning 
Athens will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance and any other applicable state, federal or local laws. EEO/M/F/disability/veteran Athens Services 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Information Officer jobs in Irvine, CA Jobs at Athens Services in Irvine, CA Chief Information Officer salaries in Irvine, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Athens Services Athens Services 73 reviews Who We Are:
Athens Services is a family-owned and -operated waste collection and recycling company. We started hauling with one truck in... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
