
 
 
 
 Software Engineer III, Data Systems, Quantum AI - Goleta, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer III, Data Systems, Quantum AI Google 3,931 reviews Goleta, CA Full-time Google 3,931 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
 2 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, etc.), or 1 year of experience with an advanced degree. 
 2 years of experience with data structures or algorithms. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field. 
 Experience developing accessible technologies. 
 Experience with high-throughput data pipelines.
 Experience with data analysis software such as numpy/pandas or R. 
 Experience with cloud platforms such as Google Cloud Platform, and technologies like StackDriver, BigQuery, or Cloud Dataflow. 
 Familiarity with basic linux system administration and networking.
 About the job 
The Quantum team's mission is to make useful quantum computing tools available to the world to enable humankind to solve problems that would otherwise be impossible. Quantum AI is building novel systems that can leverage quantum mechanics. Quantum computers will leverage the laws of quantum mechanics to solve some previously intractable problems, but they also require a lot of non-quantum engineering to build a complete system. 
 In this role, you will work closely with other engineers and researchers at the forefront of quantum computing. Along with the QuantumOS team, you will build software for operating quantum computers, and for running experiments, and managing data in the quantum hardware lab. You will help to build the backend systems that organize data from every stage of building a quantum computer for insight generation by quantum researchers, hardware engineers, program managers, business leaders, and other stakeholders. You will build data pipelines to collect and process data, and visualization tools to analyze data and help guide future experiments.
 Responsibilities 
 Develop tools for collecting data produced by experiments in the quantum hardware lab, from fabrication and device characterization to qubit measurements. 
 Develop tools to visualize and analyze data to enable cutting-edge quantum research. 
 Collaborate with researchers and engineers to design and implement scalable, reliable, maintainable, and extensible software tools for quantum computing experiments. 
 Maintain the data pipelines and respond to pipeline incidents within service level objectives. 
 Help manage the lab's network, linux machines, and access to digital resources. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Goleta, CA Jobs at Google in Goleta, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Goleta, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,931 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
