
 
 
 
 Communications Manager - Issaquah, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Communications Manager Microsoft 7,268 reviews Issaquah, WA Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
With over 12,000 employees worldwide, the Microsoft Customer Experience & Success (CE&S) organization is responsible for the strategy, design, and implementation of the Microsoft end-to-end customer experience. This newly expanded organization reflects the Microsoft ambition to be known as a customer experience company, ensuring our Microsoft mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more is enabled by delighting customers and consistently exceeding their expectations in every interaction through a connected customer experience. 
Microsoft has a tremendous opportunity to exceed customer expectations and drive greater customer loyalty and trust, which leads to greater satisfaction, retention, and growth. The CE&S organization is looking for people with a passion for delivering customer success to help us build a future where customers come to us, not only because we provide industry-leading products and services, and also because we provide a differentiated and connected customer experience that is rooted in our commitment to delivering on customer outcomes. 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for an experienced communications professional to be a part of the Data & AI (Artificial Intelligence) & Business Applications Support Business Unit (SBU) executive office to build a comprehensive internal communications program from developing key messages to execution. This global organization is aligned closely to the Microsoft Solution areas. This alignment provides the opportunity to better understand how our customers are leveraging our products and services – particularly in hybrid, integrated solutions - where Microsoft has a strong, differentiated position in the market.
 
 
The right candidate will bring a combination of creativity and a proven track record in developing impactful internal communications and programs. As part of the CSS Data & AI (Artificial Intelligence) & Business Applications executive office and communications team, you will create an Data & AI (Artificial Intelligence) & Business Applications SBU communications plan and program that accrues to the overall CSS messaging and will resonate with the different audiences within the Data & AI (Artificial Intelligence) & Business Applications Support Business Unit (SBU). 
Responsibilities: 
 Create overall Communications plan and messaging framework for the Data & AI (Artificial Intelligence) & Business Applications SBU.
 Provide executive communication support including profile development, employee communications, presentations and meetings.
 Cultivate, write and share stories that support key messages and generate energy. Build a communications library of stories and presentation materials using a multi-model approach.
 Help build effective communication channels and strategies to reach different roles across the SBU.
 Develop a rhythm of communication that builds upon the CSS communication plan and drives clarity and engagement for Data & AI (Artificial Intelligence) & Business Applications Be a collaboration rock star - build strong partnerships and have a thirst to learn about new areas of the business.
 Invent and develop visually impactful communications and listening systems. Measure impact of communications and adjust plan accordingly. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 3+ years passion for communications, creativity and storytelling, including being thoughtful about how new channels and tools are creating new ways to inform and engage people. 3+ years of proven executive maturity and the ability to carry a strategic communications discussion with senior leaders. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
The ideal candidate would possess:
 
 Experience in executive communications, including employee communication, and/or public relations, journalism, or all of the above.
 Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate complex issues and deliver compelling information to an employee audience.
 Experience working on the launch of new products, services or initiatives.
 Strong organizational skills and examples of balancing competing projects and priorities. A customer-obsessed mindset.
 Experience communicating across languages and cultures is a bonus 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Communications Manager jobs in Issaquah, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Issaquah, WA Communications Manager salaries in Issaquah, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
