
 
 
 
 Senior Researcher - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Researcher Microsoft 7,268 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description To power these features PROSE has developed a powerful and flexible framework for program synthesis that leverages techniques from both logical reasoning and machine learning and combines them in unique ways to synthesize programs automatically. This approach has been recognized with frequent papers at top-tier conferences and awards, including best paper and test-of-time awards. 
We invite researchers with an interest in program synthesis, developer/end-user tools, and high-impact research to apply for a full-time position in the PROSE team at Microsoft. 
Our team provides a unique opportunity to work at the intersection of cutting-edge AI research and real-world impact, solving customer problems at a global scale. Researchers design and carry out the research underlying state-of-the-art systems and work together with world-class engineers to implement these systems in production. To learn more about our approach and culture see this award talk on the story behind one of the team’s early innovations: the Flash Fill feature in Excel. 
Responsibilities 
As a researcher, you will have the opportunity to: Design and carry out innovative research that integrates various artificial intelligence technologies and delivers features for customer-facing Microsoft products Design, implement, and experiment across a range of domains, including data wrangling, developer tools, end-user programming, and programming education Publish in top-tier academic venues and interact with the broader academic community, for example giving talks about PROSE research Collaborate with and mentor interns and longer-term research fellows 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications 
2+ years of prior research experience in related areas, including but not limited to, program synthesis, program repair, program analysis, artificial intelligence, developer/end-user tooling, human computer interaction. 
Preferred Qualifications 
PhD in Computer Science or a relevant field 
At least 3 publications in a top-tier PL/SE/HCI venue (e.g. PLDI, OOPSLA, UIST, CHI) 
Experience with at least one large (over 5,000 LOC) software project 
Ability to develop an original research agenda, demonstrated by leading at least one publication in a top-tier PL/SE/HCI venue (e.g. PLDI, OOPSLA, UIST, CHI) 
Strong communication skills
 Experience collaborating 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 
Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. 
DDJL 
#DevDiv Microsoft Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Researcher jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Researcher salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
