
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Palo Alto, CA 94304 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist HP 12,868 reviews Palo Alto, CA 94304 Full-time HP 12,868 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you passionate about technology and looking to work in an agile start-up environment that is built on the brand recognition, solution capabilities, and global reach of a world-class technology pioneer? The HP Personal System Services (PSS) team operates in a highly dynamic landscape that delivers a best-in-class, multi-OS Services portfolio powered by software, cloud, data analytics, and machine learning. 
The platform product team within PSS is seeking a forward thinking Data Scientist who is passionate about driving innovation at scale, solving real-world customer issues through AI/ML and delivering stellar customer experiences using one of the largest datasets in the world. 
You will be expected to be hands on and routinely exercise independent judgment in delivering of new Data Science / Machine Learning insights. 
Applies  intermediate  level of subject matter knowledge to solve a variety of common business issues. Works on problems of moderately complex scope. Acts as an informed team member providing analysis of information and limited project direction input. Exercises independent judgment within defined practices and procedures to determine appropriate action. Follows established guidelines and interprets policies. Evaluates unique circumstances and makes recommendations. 
Key Responsibilities 
Develops product support plans on medium complexity product families. 
Represents services on product core teams and provides service requirements into product development stages/phases, e.g., Product warranty support and cost analysis, and Service Product Marketing content/collateral . 
Sets product service metric goals, monitors product support business performance and identifies what corrective action is required. 
Collaborates with regions/WW regarding service and support planning, implementation and performance. 
Performing business analysis identifying improvements . 
Education and Experience: 
Typically 3+ years experience in directly related business. 
Typically first level university degree or equivalent work experience . 
Knowledge and Skills 
Moderate knowledge of IT and services industry. 
Must be able to analyze problems and solve them creatively. 
Good communication skills . 
About HP 
 
 
 You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you. 
 
So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference. 
 
 
HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. 
 
 
Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are. 
 
From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive! HP Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at HP in Palo Alto, CA Data Scientist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from HP HP 12,868 reviews From day one, HP broke new ground by refusing to accept the status quo. Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard created more than an audio oscillat... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
