
 
 
 
 Applied AI ML Associate Sr - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied AI ML Associate Sr JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews New York, NY Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 3 + years of software engineering/developer and production experience
 
1- 3 years of experience in big-data
 
3+ years of big-Data platform engineering
 
3+ years of parallel computing
 
Core foundational training in Computer Science, rooted in computing theories and computational/programming/data optimization. An undergraduate degree in Computer Science is required, with additional graduate degrees also in CS (not pure science background).
 
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.
 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 8 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Associate Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Senior Associate Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
