
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate/Full Professor - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate/Full Professor University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Tenured University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenured Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA LEVIN COLLEGE OF LAW  welcomes applications from tenured lateral candidates to be hired as part of the University of Florida’s Artificial Intelligence Initiative. This campus-wide program recruits cutting-edge scholars to the University of Florida to engage in cross-disciplinary research using one of the fastest artificial intelligence supercomputers in higher education. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
The Levin College of Law particularly seeks two nationally recognized scholars writing at the intersection of law and artificial intelligence in the FinTech and Social Justice spaces, respectively. Successful candidates will have strong publication records, commitment to teaching excellence, and enthusiasm for creating inclusive environments for all students. Because of the cross-disciplinary nature of the AI Initiative, the Appointment Committee will prioritize scholars with a demonstrated ability to work with other colleges at the university – with the Colleges of Engineering and Business for the FinTech position and with the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, College of Education, and College of Journalism and Communications (among others) for the Social Justice position. Previous experience on cross-disciplinary federally funded grants and/or an enthusiasm for providing legal and policy analysis to support federally funded grant projects is vital. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Application materials should include a cover letter, resume with at least three references, list of publications, and up to three pieces of scholarly work. Materials may be uploaded at http://jobs.ufl.edu. For further information, applicants may contact Professors Peter Molk and Wentong Zheng at appointments@law.ufl.edu. Review of applications will begin immediately. 
Selected candidate will be required to provide an official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an educational institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES). If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352-392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800-955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
 
OPEN DATE 
Aug 18, 2021 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
Levin College of Law University of Florida Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
