
 
 
 
 SoC Integration Manager - San Jose, CA 95124 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SoC Integration Manager Xilinx 130 reviews San Jose, CA 95124 Full-time Xilinx 130 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 At Xilinx, we are leading the industry transformation to build an adaptable, intelligent world. ARE YOU bold, collaborative, and creative? We develop leaders and innovators who want to revolutionize the world of technology. We believe that by embracing diverse ideas, pushing boundaries, and working together as ONEXILINX, anything is possible. 
 
Our culture of innovation began with the invention of the Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA), and with the 2018 introduction of our Adaptive Compute Acceleration Platform (ACAP), has made a quantum leap in capability, solidifying our role as the adaptable platform supplier of choice. From the beginning, we have always believed in providing inventors with products and platforms that are infinitely adaptable. From self-driving cars, to world-record genome processing, to AI and big data, to the world's first 5G networks, we empower the world's builders and visionaries whose ideas solve every day problems and improve people's lives. 
 
If you are PASSIONATE, ADAPTABLE, and INNOVATIVE, Xilinx is the right place for you! At Xilinx, we care deeply about creating significant development experiences while building a strong sense of belonging and connection. We champion an environment of empowered learning, wellness, community engagement, and recognition, so you can focus on work that matters - world class technology that improves the way we live and work. We are ONEXILINX. 
 
 We are looking for an experience SoC integration manager to lead a cross functional team developing blocks and SoCs ranging from multimedia to datacenter applications. These blocks will include many IP integrations so skills in managing 3rd party vendors is essential. The role will be front end focused and will encompass early marketing/product planning and architecture interaction all the way through deliver to the BE team. This will include scheduling, RAID definition, IP integration, RTL development, DFX/MBIST and constraint work. Post delivery we will be working closely with BE on timing closure and ECOs. In this fast paced role you be responsible as the main PoC for all aspects of development from concept to production across multiple projects in flight. These SoCs and blocks will find homes across our product portfolio and include aspects such as Security and Functional Safety.
 #mh 
 
 Job Requirements 
 Education and Experience Requirements 
 BS 10+ years of exp or MS 8+ years of exp in Electrical Engineer, Computer Engineering or related equivalent 
 
Key Qualifications 
 1) Must have solid experience with SOC level integration of complex internal and external vendor IP 
 2) Must include all aspects of Front End design ranging from Arch/uArch to Constraint and closing timing with the back end team 
 3) Must have experience managing in a fast moving and complex cross functional relationships and close on project management aspects including RAID planning 
 4) Must be experienced with working in multiple branch/release models for change management Xilinx Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Operations Manager jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Xilinx in San Jose, CA Security Operations Manager salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Xilinx Xilinx 130 reviews Xilinx is the inventor of the FPGA, programmable SoCs, and now, the ACAP. Our highly-flexible programmable silicon, enabled by a suite of... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
