
 
 
 
 Health Management And Policy - Lecturer - Durham, NH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Health Management And Policy - Lecturer University System of New Hampshire 21 reviews Durham, NH Full-time University System of New Hampshire 21 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Operating Title   Health Management And Policy - Lecturer 
 
 Long Classification Title 
 
 Campus Location   Durham 
 
 Department   UNH CHHS Health Management & Policy 
 
 Summary of Position 
 The Department of Health Management and Policy in the College of Health and Human Services at the University of New Hampshire (UNH) invites applications for a full-time Lecturer position to support its programs in health data science, public health, and health administration. The Lecturer will be responsible for teaching courses in health data science and potentially methods courses in the Masters of Public Health program and in the undergraduate program in Health Management and Policy. The successful candidate will be able to teach courses in at least some of the following areas: 
 Introductory statistics Advanced statistics Deep learning Health informatics 
 
The Lecturer will also be expected to participate in student mentoring. The target start date is Spring 2022. 
 
The Department (http://chhs.unh.edu/hmp/) offers an AUPHA-certified Baccalaureate program in Health Management and Policy on the Durham, New Hampshire campus, as well as a CEPH-accredited MPH program, a Graduate Public Health Certificate Program at our urban campus in Manchester, New Hampshire, a Masters of Health Data Science degree online and a Graduate Certificate in Health Data Science, online. 
 
The following application materials are required at the time of application: 1) a cover letter, 2) curriculum vitae, 3) contact information for three professional references, 4) statement of teaching interests and philosophy, 5) a summary of service activities or positions held, and 6) a sample course syllabus, if available, and 7) a statement of how your leadership experience, research, and/or teaching supports diversity and inclusion. 
 
 Additional Job Information 
 
 Posting Number   PF0511FY22 
 
 Acceptable Minimum Qualifications 
 An earned doctorate or master’s degree with significant experience in biostatistics/statistics, health informatics, health data science, information systems, analytics, health care management and/or finance, public health, population health, or a closely related discipline. 
 A demonstrated ability to teach effectively in academic institutions, industry training workshops, and/or online platforms. 
 A commitment to sustaining and advancing the goals of the institution’s diversity of students, faculty, staff, and community groups. Candidates are expected to understand and be able to articulate the importance of equity, inclusion, and diversity in the field of health management, policy, public health, and medicine. 
 
 Additional Preferred Qualifications 
 Additional preferred qualifications include research and/or teaching in one or more of the following areas: 
 
Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Healthcare Data Systems, Big Data Computational Systems 
 
 
 Salary Information 
 Salary is complemented by a comprehensive benefits package which includes medical, dental, retirement, tuition, and paid time off. 
 
 Quick Link to Posting   https://jobs.usnh.edu/postings/41879 
 
 Percent Time Information (FTE)   .88 
 
 Faculty Information   Renewable (Please specify below) 
 
 If Renewable or Number of years, please specify 
 
 Type of Position   Faculty 
 
 Posting Date   09/13/2021 
 
 Open Until Filled   Yes 
 
 Closing Date 
 
 Interested Internal Candidates Exist?   No 
 
 Appointment Type   Regular 
 
 If TERM position with benefits, indicate projected end date 
 
 Departmental Information 
 The University of New Hampshire is an R1 Carnegie classification research institution providing comprehensive, high-quality undergraduate and graduate programs of distinction. UNH is located in Durham on a 188-acre campus, 60 miles north of Boston and 8 miles from the Atlantic coast, and is convenient to New Hampshire’s lakes and mountains. There is a student enrollment of 13,000 students, with a full-time faculty of over 600, offering 90 undergraduate and more than 70 graduate programs. The University actively promotes a dynamic learning environment in which qualified individuals of differing perspectives, life experiences, and cultural backgrounds pursue academic goals with mutual respect and shared inquiry. 
 
 This position is responsible for the supervision of   Does not supervise
 
 Special Requirements   A background check will be required as a condition of employment. 
 
 EEO Statement 
 The University System of New Hampshire is an Equal Opportunity/Equal Access/Affirmative Action employer. The University System is committed to creating an environment that values and supports diversity and inclusiveness across our campus communities and encourages applications from qualified individuals who will help us achieve this mission. The University System prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or marital status. Application by members of all underrepresented groups is encouraged. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the U.S. 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 INTERFOLIO   USERS : If using Interfolio to submit letters of reference, please follow the special instructions at this link: https://pa-hrsuite-production.s3.amazonaws.com/2729/docs/126635.pdf.
 
 
Instructions for reference providers can be access at: https://support.interfolio.com/m/29600/l/266335-submit-a-letter-of-recommendation-to-interfolio.
 
 
 Institution Information 
 The University of New Hampshire is an R1 Carnegie classification research institution providing comprehensive, high-quality undergraduate and graduate programs of distinction. UNH is located in Durham on a 188-acre campus, 60 miles north of Boston and 8 miles from the Atlantic coast and is convenient to New Hampshire’s lakes and mountains. There is a student enrollment of 13,000 students, with a full-time faculty of over 600, offering 90 undergraduate and more than 70 graduate programs. The University actively promotes a dynamic learning environment in which qualified individuals of differing perspectives, life experiences, and cultural backgrounds pursue academic goals with mutual respect and shared inquiry. 
 The UNH Diversity Resource Guide with information and programming available in the seacoast area, New Hampshire, and the region can be found here: https://www.unh.edu/hr/diversity-resource-guide University System of New Hampshire Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lecturer jobs in Durham, NH Lecturer salaries in Durham, NH Company Info Follow Get job updates from University System of New Hampshire 21 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
