
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellow, Centers for Therapeutic Innovation - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Postdoctoral Fellow, Centers for Therapeutic Innovation Pfizer 5,934 reviews San Francisco, CA Full-time Pfizer 5,934 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ROLE SUMMARY
 Pfizer’s Centers for Therapeutic Innovation (CTI) is an outward facing research unit that partners with leading academic researchers to translate novel discoveries into therapies that change patients’ lives. CTI laboratories in Manhattan and San Francisco have assembled a cross-disciplinary team of Postdoctoral Fellows to explore the underlying tenets of disease biology in the integrated space of DNA damage response pathways, chromatin biology, cancer drug tolerance, heterogeneity and immunology/inflammation. This is a unique opportunity for a driven, exceptional PhD-level scientists to leverage their expertise and develop their scientific acumen & drug discovery skills while collaborating with multidisciplinary research teams at Pfizer and academic subject-matter experts.
 Successful candidates will work collaboratively with biology teams, project teams and other post-docs within the Pfizer post doc community to further our understanding of chromatin biology, DNA damage response, cancer drug tolerance, heterogeneity, innate immunity and other areas of emerging science. While performing independent, cutting-edge research, Postdoctoral Fellows will join forces with experienced drug hunters, colleagues focusing on target identification and validation, hit discovery, as well as pre-clinical animal studies and safety, with the goal of making clinically-relevant, groundbreaking discoveries and publishing their work in high-impact journals.
 ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
 Demonstrate deep scientific and technical expertise harnessed to advance our understanding in the fields of heterogeneous drug responses, chromatin biology and/ or innate immunity, produce high-impact publications, present at conferences and ultimately contribute to the delivery of novel, life-changing therapies for patients.
 Independently design and test biological hypotheses in the lab or bioinformatically, while also leveraging the breadth of expertise available from other Postdoctoral Fellows and subject matter experts across Pfizer and the external academic collaborative network.
 Execute targeted in vitro and in vivo experiments, while leveraging state of the art technologies and resources to address fundamental questions regarding cancer drug resistance mechanisms that can uncover novel therapeutic angles in this space.
 Generate, organize, analyze, interpret data, and identify areas where key knowledge is lacking. Proactively seek new scientific leads via genetics & AI-based resources, literature, conferences and key opinion leaders with the goal of refining scientific hypothesis and expediting experimental plans.
 Effectively communicate results at internal and external events and proactively contribute to the continued scientific growth at Pfizer.
 Contribute to a culture that embraces scientific excellence, effectiveness, and team-work.
 QUALIFICATIONS
 Recent Ph.D. in molecular and cell biology, cancer biology, epigenetics and chromatin biology, immuno-oncology, bioinformatics, or related fields, with a strong track record of scientific publications.
 Expertise in a number of different areas welcomed, examples: molecular and cell biological techniques, including genome editing methods, protein and chromatin biochemistry, assays that assess chromatin states, multi-color flow cytometry, bioinformatics analysis and/ or in vivo models for oncology and other therapeutic areas.
 Must have excellent organizational and planning skills, and the motivation and ability to work in a start-up environment within a larger organization, independently and as part of a team.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to quickly master new concepts and techniques.
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Direct experience with cancer cell heterogeneity, transposable element biology/analysis, nucleic acid sensing mechanisms, innate immunity, chromatin biology and/ or bioinformatics
 Other Information:
 Eligible for Employee Referral Program
 Eligible for Relocation
 #LI-PFE
 Sunshine Act
 Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
 EEO & Employment Eligibility
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
 Research and Development
 #LI-PFE Pfizer 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Pfizer in San Francisco, CA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pfizer Pfizer 5,934 reviews At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring treatments and therapies to people all over the globe. Every day, we work t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
