
 
 
 
 Engagement Manager | AI Hardware - Albany, NY 12201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Engagement Manager | AI Hardware IBM 30,893 reviews Albany, NY 12201 Full-time IBM 30,893 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
Clients of IBM Research are often partners and collaborators. This is especially true in Albany, where many clients are on-site with us co-inventing the future of hardware.
 
 
The Engagement Manager in Albany is responsible for client experience and operations for our engagements with top semiconductor manufacturers, equipment suppliers, Electronic Design Automation (EDA) vendors, and materials suppliers.
 
 
The ideal candidate will promptly develop an understanding of the lab infrastructure and logistics, drive strategic and operational excellence, and serve as a catalyst for successful engagement between our research scientists and our partners.
 
Responsibilities for this role include strategic engagement with the client as well as operational management and administration of the client needs, including onboarding, facility access, and coordination of deliverables from technology project teams.
 
 
Your overarching goal is cultivating an environment for client satisfaction and success in engaging with IBM Research. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Exceptional organization skills 
Exceptional professional communication skills 
Strong competency in PowerPoint, Excel, and other standard computer applications 
Strong leadership qualities and initiative 
Strong ability to learn and engage with technical content and teams 
Strong time management and efficiency skills 
Experience managing customer success 
Knowledge and experience with emerging technologies 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Knowledge of semiconductor manufacturing and AI hardware 
Business and/or technical education 
MBA or advanced degree 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engagement Manager jobs in Albany, NY Jobs at IBM in Albany, NY Engagement Manager salaries in Albany, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,893 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
