
 
 
 
 Adjunct Artificial Intelligence Online Instructor - Goldsboro, NC 27530 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjunct Artificial Intelligence Online Instructor Wayne Community College 57 reviews Goldsboro, NC 27530 Remote Part-time Wayne Community College 57 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Name of Position: 
Artificial Intelligence Online Instructor 
 
 Division:
 
Business and Computer Technologies 
 
 Department: 
Information Systems Technology 
 
 Applications Accepted Through 
Continuous 
 
 Effective Date of Employment: 
TBD 
 
 Length of Employment: 
Part-time 
 
 Salary Range: 
Commensurate with education and experience 
 
 This posting runs on a continuous open cycle and creates a pool of candidates for consideration when part-time employment is available. 
 
 
 Minimum Requirements : 
 
At least a Master’s degree in a STEM field related to Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning from a regionally accredited institution is required. A Master’s degree in Information Technology or Computer Science is preferred. Proficiency in a discipline related to Artificial Intelligence as well as proficiency with Python programming language is required. Must have a solid mathematics background with at least proficiency in linear algebra, calculus, and probability. Experience in Artificial Intelligence and an advanced understanding of automation and robotics are preferred. Must have good oral and written communication skills. Teaching experience at the post-secondary level and Bilingual is preferred. 
 
 *Preference is given to applicants who provide access to a digital portfolio showcasing Artificial Intelligence experiences and accomplishments. The portfolio must be accessible via a URL posted in the resume that is uploaded during completion of the online application. 
 
 
 
 Position Duties : 
 
The instructor is responsible for teaching and proactively staying current in emerging computer science fields which may include but not be limited to artificial intelligence, computer vision. deep learning, machine learning, data analytics, and natural language processing; teaching courses online; designing and implementing learning strategies for students; developing course content and instructional materials when warranted; maintaining instructional records; submitting reports in a timely manner; developing and evaluating course learning outcomes. 
 
 If selected for employment, the applicant must submit to a criminal background check and drug screening. 
 
 INSTITUTION:  Wayne Community College is a member of the North Carolina Community College system. Located in Goldsboro, NC, the College serves Wayne and adjoining counties. Wayne Community College is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. A Tobacco Free Campus as of August 1, 2009. 
 
 APPLICATIONS:  Submit an employment application and all supporting materials, including copies of certifications, post-secondary transcripts, resume, and cover letter via ApplicantOne at  https://www.waynecc.edu/jobs . No paper applications will be accepted. Applications will be screened, and the most qualified applicants interviewed. All applicants will be notified once the position has been filled. Wayne Community College Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Adjunct Instructor jobs in Goldsboro, NC Jobs at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, NC Adjunct Instructor salaries in Goldsboro, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Wayne Community College 57 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
