
 
 
 
 Associate, Corporate Development__ - San Jose, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate, Corporate Development__ Cisco Systems 6,014 reviews San Jose, CA Cisco Systems 6,014 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. What You'll Do
 Associates drive a variety of market and transaction-related analyses, working with managers and directors to build financial models, develop acquisition opportunities, source venture capital investments, and participate in corporate strategy.
 Associates have exposure to a number of technologies within a team and have the opportunity to work on a range of projects. Responsibilities:
 You will source, screen and propose investment, partnerships and M&A opportunities.
 You will work closely with Cisco Business Units to align strategy with partners and other key constituents.
 You will drive detailed technology and market analyses of key sectors.
 You will develop detailed financial models including projections, valuation, and investment return analyses.
 You will design presentations for senior management related to acquisitions and investments.
 You will perform business, financial, accounting, and customer due diligence Who You’ll Work With
 The Cisco Corporate Development team is responsible for driving Cisco's long-term growth strategy through venture capital investments and acquisitions. We aggressively source new opportunities, develop strategic perspectives on innovative market segments, execute on M&A transactions and actively manage VC investments. Cisco is looking to add extraordinary team members to grow its organization and support the company's continued growth. Who You Are
 
 Our minimum requirements for this role are: 
2+ years post undergraduate work as an analyst at a top-tier investment bank, Private Equity/Venture Capital (PE/VC) firm with deal experience, consulting or other financial services firm.
 M&A experience
 
Proven ability to build structured quantitative analyses and financial models Preferred skills:
 BS/BA degree in a quantitative discipline.
 Demonstrated personal initiative and excellent judgment.
 Excellent communication and influencing skills.
 Strong leadership capabilities and the ability to operate successfully in an unstructured, collaborative environment.
 Natural curiosity to learn technologies, business models and industry trends.
 Ambitious and able to independently source and execute transactions.
 We Are Cisco
 #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.
 We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!
 But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)
 Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.
 So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Cisco Systems 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Development Associate jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Cisco Systems in San Jose, CA Development Associate salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cisco Systems Cisco Systems 6,014 reviews #WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We em... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
