
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist RUE GILT GROUPE 247 reviews Boston, MA RUE GILT GROUPE 247 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Join our industry leading Data Science team at one of the most successful consumer businesses in Boston where you can jumpstart your career in data science with a rare consumer focus and a cutting-edge toolkit at the forefront of technology. Work with our seasoned data scientists and engineers to build innovative solutions that power our online retail business. Come help us build the next generation of our products! 
 
What you will accomplish: 
 
 Work on challenging projects involving NLP, computer vision, recommender systems, advanced statistical prediction models, and other AI technologies to drive revenue and enhance personalized shopping experiences of our 50M members. 
 Build end-to-end large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines for data processing. 
 Design scalable architectures and services that can efficiently handle large amounts of data. 
 Work with a state-of-the-art data technology stack (Spark, Tensorflow, Snowflake, Airflow, AWS Ecosystems) that operates in the cloud to empower predictive modeling services for both internal and external customers. 
 Brainstorm next-gen data product ideas with the data scientists building exciting projects used by millions of our customers daily. 
 Work closely with fellow engineers from other teams to design and develop cross-team data exchange microservices, effectively communicating your needs and understanding theirs. 
 Gain exposure to a wide range of business stakeholders and departments ranging from Marketing, Merchandising, Engineering, and Executive Leadership. 
 Work in multi-functional agile teams to continuously experiment, iterate and deliver on data-driven product objectives. 
 
 What you have: 
 
 Advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. 
 Experience building scalable microservices for delivery of high-volume data on AWS or other cloud platforms. 
 Deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms. 
 Experience writing clean and efficient code in Python, SQL. 
 Experience with Infrastructure as code (Cloudformation/Terraform). 
 Experience working with structured, unstructured data and table design. 
 Experience working in an agile environment producing deliverables in a quick and iterative manner. 
 Excellent communication skills, ego-less coding habits, and a collaborative spirit. 
 
 What you may have: 
 
 Experience working with distributed big data technologies like Spark, Hadoop, Cassandra. 
 Experience with Apache Airflow or other workflow orchestration tools. 
 Experience with Deep Learning frameworks (Tensorflow, Keras and/or Pytorch) . 
 Experience with Information Retrieval systems like Elasticsearch, Lucene, or Solr. 
 Experience with Streaming Infrastructure (Kinesis, Kafka, Spark Streaming, Flink). 
 Experience with web technologies like Django, React, Node.js. 
 
 About the Team: 
 
The Data Science team is made up of some of the country's smartest and most talented software engineering and data science individuals and leads who have been given the freedom to use the latest cutting edge techniques and technologies in their experimentation to move the data science and personalization efforts forward to the goal of increasing the magic of our 50M members' online shopping experience and our annual revenues. The data science team is positioned very uniquely in the sense that the team is responsible for both creating data science solutions and productionizing the solutions in a scalable cloud environment, which removes the barrier between the science and engineering that we typically see in the industry. 
 
ABOUT US: 
 
Rue Gilt Groupe combines world-class merchandising, technology and marketing to create the most engaging and satisfying online shopping experience available. Each day, 35+ million loyal Members turn to Rue La La and Gilt for everything from women, men and children's apparel and accessories to home décor and exclusive experiences. Our approach to retail brings excitement to online shopping in a way that not only strategically supports our brand partners, but also inspires our Members daily. 
 
This Company is an equal opportunity employer, and selects individuals best matched for the job based upon job-related qualifications regardless of race, religion, color, creed, sex, sexual orientation, age, ancestry, national origin, gender identity, genetic information, disability, pregnancy, veteran or military status or any other Rue Gilt Groupe 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at RUE GILT GROUPE in Boston, MA Senior Data Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RUE GILT GROUPE RUE GILT GROUPE 247 reviews Rue Gilt Groupe is the premier off-price e-commerce portfolio company, connecting more than 20 million members with coveted designers at ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
