
 
 
 
 DoD Artificial Intelligence Program Manager - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search DoD Artificial Intelligence Program Manager Barbaricum 12 reviews Washington, DC Barbaricum 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. DoD Artificial Intelligence Program Manager 
Washington, DC / 
Cyber / Intelligence / 
Contingent on Contract Award 
Apply for this job 
Barbaricum is a rapidly growing government contractor providing leading-edge support to federal customers, with a particular focus on Defense and National Security mission sets. We leverage more than 13 years of support to stakeholders across the federal government, with established and growing capabilities across Intelligence, Analytics, Engineering, Mission Support, and Communications disciplines. Founded in 2008, our mission is to transform the way our customers approach constantly changing and complex problem sets by bringing to bear the latest in technology and the highest caliber of talent. 
 
 Headquartered in Washington, DC's historic Dupont Circle neighborhood, Barbaricum also has a corporate presence in Tampa, FL and Dayton, OH, with team members across the United States and around the world. As a leader in our space, we partner with firms in the private sector, academic institutions, and industry associations with a goal of continually building our expertise and capabilities for the benefit of our employees and the customers we support. Through all of this, we have built a vibrant corporate culture diverse in expertise and perspectives with a focus on collaboration and innovation. Our teams are at the frontier of the Nations' most complex and rewarding challenges. Join us. 
 
 Barbaricum seeks an experienced Program Manager to provide support to the Department of Defense's Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC). The Program Manager leverage direct program management experience and familiarity with relevant technology and capabilities to oversee teams of Data Scientists, Engineers and Architects working to accelerate, deliver, synchronize and scale AI solutions across the DoD enterprise. 
Responsibilities
 Provide management, direction, administration, quality management, and leadership of program execution, acting as the overall lead, manager, and administrator for the effort.
 Direct efforts of cross-competency teams including Contractors at multiple locations and will serve as the primary interface and POC with Government program authorities and representatives on technical and project issues.
 Responsible for regularly briefing leadership on program status and milestones.
 Oversee Contractor personnel project operations by developing procedures, planning and directing execution of the contractual, technical, multi-disciplinary engineering, programming, maintenance, and administrative support effort, and monitoring and reporting progress.
 Manage acquisition and employment of project resources and control financial and administrative aspects of the project. 
Qualifications 
Active DoD Secret Clearance required (TS/SCI preferred) 
Bachelor's Degree (Master's preferred)
 10+ years of Project Management experience managing complex projects in an IT engineering or big data environment 
Minimum of 10 years of experience in an IC, military, or other Government environment performing in a related subject area (e.g., project management, engineering, computer science), with at least five years of experience managing projects utilizing non-traditional program management methodologies (e.g., agile) in a big data environment 
PMP or related Program Management certification
 Additional Information 
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews.  No phone calls please. Barbaricum 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Manager jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Barbaricum in Washington, DC Program Manager salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Barbaricum 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
