
 
 
 
 Knowledge Strategy Lawyer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Knowledge Strategy Lawyer Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 161 reviews New York, NY Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 161 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Skadden is looking for a Knowledge Strategy Lawyer who will support the development of Knowledge Management ("KM") for assigned practice groups and will be responsible for further development and implementation of the practices' KM projects and initiatives. This includes spearheading and designing processes for the collection and organization of know-how (research materials, standard forms, model documents, matter profiles, other data compilations and precedents, among others) and automating documents and solutions using legal tech applications such as Contract Express and Neota Logic. With the support of the KM group, this role develops best practices to increase efficiency within the select practice groups. 
 
 Works with assigned practice groups and KM group to develop and implement solutions and best practices to increase effectiveness and efficiency. 
 Drafts, maintains and updates model forms, practice notes and checklists, market data point surveys and other substantive content as needed and facilitates approval and keeps them up to date. 
 Automates documents and solutions and manages AI driven due diligence tools and collaboration tools. 
 Works independently, with practitioners and KM group to select, collect and organize valuable reference material on the practices' internal sites and databases. 
 Develops and maintaining designated practice sites and other know-how repositories, curating practice sites content and ensuring they are aligned with the needs of the practices and kept up to date. 
 Researches, monitors, and informs the practices of legal and industry developments and trends in practice
 Assists with client and Firmwide mailings. 
 Works with practice members, Business Development and Marketing groups to identify opportunities to develop business. 
 Participates in client pitches and business development activities as required. 
 Meets regularly with attorneys who have expertise relevant to the practices, and facilitates sharing of quality know-how and expertise.
 Establishes relationships with attorneys to promote awareness of, and solicits participation in KM initiatives. 
 Responds to queries from attorneys to identify know-how.
 Works with Firm's training personnel and select practice group members to identify practice-related training needs of the practice group, including developing and delivering training, materials, workshop sessions, seminars, and various CLE programs targeted towards associates. 
 Works with partners and senior associates to create and deliver regular training programs to the practices on trending topics and current legal developments. 
 Trains attorneys and promotes use of department's KM resources. 
 Evaluates technology providers to further the practice's KM efforts. 
 Advises the KM partners on improved processes and new technologies. 
 Looks for opportunities to leverage existing and emerging technologies into practices and coordinates pilots and proof of concept programs, including drafting specifications, evaluating software and testing products and services. 
 Liaises with users to gather feedback on KM resources. 
 Initiates and coordinates KM initiatives for the practices. 
 Works with other KM lawyers and other departments to share best practices and ideas and identify projects that would benefit from a multi-group collaboration. 
 Assists with the development of new practice tools and reengineering processes for greater efficiencies. 
 Institutes workflows and processes to improve the utilization of practice content and tools. 
 Completes special projects as needed. 
 Demonstrates effective interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills to facilitate effective work relationships with others. 
 Manages Firm resources responsibly. 
 Complies with and understands Firm operation, policies and procedures. 
 Performs other related duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications
 Superior written and verbal communication skills with demonstrated ability to present complex ideas to attorneys, managers and clients 
 Experience with coding in python and other language is a plus 
 Experience with automation tools (such as Contract Express, Neota Logic, Hot Docs) and AI-enabled due diligence review tools (such as Kira, eBrevia or Luminance) or eDiscovery tools is highly desirable but not required 
 Self-starter and highly motivated, quick learner with ability to translate concepts and insights from one practice group to another 
 Skilled at drafting thought leadership publications, training material, relevant precedents and other know-how material 
 Strong understanding of KM processes, techniques, relevant technologies and best practices 
 Thorough competency with relevant firm computer software programs (e.g., Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint), with the ability to learn new applications, including web page editing software 
 Knowledge of legal and corporate information sources 
 Demonstrates effective interpersonal and communication skills, both verbally and in writing 
 Demonstrates close attention to detail 
 Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, organizational and planning skills 
 Ability to delegate effectively 
 Ability to handle multiple projects and shifting priorities across multiple practice groups simultaneously 
 Ability to handle sensitive matters and maintain confidentiality 
 Ability to work well in a demanding and fast-paced environment 
 Ability to meet deadlines 
 Ability to work well independently as well as effectively within a team 
 Ability to use discretion and exercise independent and sound judgment 
 Demonstrates a courteous and professional demeanor 
 Ability to work well independently as well as effectively within a team 
 Flexibility to adjust hours and work the hours necessary to meet operating and business needs 
 Experience/Education
 J. D. Degree 
 Minimum of four years of experience required practicing law in one of the relevant practices at large global law firm; experience in a similar knowledge management role preferred Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lawyer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Skadden in New York, NY Lawyer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates 161 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
