
 
 
 
 Research Scientist, Crop Physiology - San Carlos, CA 94070 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist, Crop Physiology Iron Ox, Inc. San Carlos, CA 94070 Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Us 
Iron Ox is reimagining the modern farm, utilizing robotics and AI to grow fresh, consistent, and responsibly farmed produce for everyone. Our experienced team of growers, plant scientists, engineers, and innovators are passionate about deeply understanding and developing this new wave of technology to feed an ever-growing population. 
Our mission at Iron Ox is dedicated to addressing some of the most significant issues in food security, now and in the future. We’re focused on sustainable, scalable food production for a changing climate and an ever-growing population. 
We are looking for a Research Scientist, Crop Physiology who has a passion for innovation and can play a crucial role in contributing to research projects on our growing operation of leafy greens and fruiting crops. You will be responsible for the design and execution of experiments that will allow us to improve current and new crop recipes. In this role, you will be part of a unique initiative that focuses on the development of crop modeling systems in climate-controlled environments. You will work with a creative and motivated team to support the research objectives of the Grow team and Plant Science team.
 What You'll Do 
Planning, management, and execution of research trials for crop optimization in alignment with Iron Ox production systems 
Integrate crop physiology methods into existing and upcoming crop research to drive yield and plant health 
Characterize variables such as nutrient, light, temperature, humidity, etc., and their interaction with the purpose of building Crop Models 
Collaborate with Ag Modeling Specialists for the development of metrics that allow us to evaluate outcomes 
Provide technical troubleshooting leadership and skills to Grow teams as required 
Collaborate with the Plant Science team to develop optimal crop recipes for current and upcoming crops 
Utilize imaging and sensing technologies to increase the precision, frequency, type, and amount of data collected during research and production trials 
Run basic statistical analyses on the data 
Summarizes data and procedures to report summaries and findings to team members/executives 
Work closely with engineers, computer vision, data scientists, and software developers to tackle multidisciplinary challenges 
Travel between facilities to conduct and oversee experiment trials. 
 What You'll Bring 
A passion for food crop production 
BS and/or MS in Plant Physiology, Plant Science, Botany, or a closely related discipline 
2+ years plant related research 
Industry/academic experience in crop physiology or related fields 
Knowledge of hydroponic farming systems, including lighting, control systems, fluid systems etc. 
Previous experience establishing plant nutrient, growth, and performance protocols 
Good understanding of experimental design 
Ability to work independently in a highly collaborative team environment 
Exceptional communication skills for effective interactions with leadership, stakeholders, and team members 
Ability to navigate ambiguity in a fast-paced environment and prioritize multiple work threads to maximize impact 
Familiarity with food safety procedures and requirements.
 Nice-to-Haves 
Interest in the robotics space and love the fun of the startup environment and its culture 
Passion for problem-solving and critical thinking 
Experience in machine learning is a plus 
 What We Offer 
Iron Ox is a small startup with a big dream. You’ll be a part of a team founded on transparency, creativity, and impact on our mission to feed people 
Competitive compensation and meaningful equity package 
Medical, vision, and dental insurance 
401K 
 We are a mission-driven and well-funded startup, backed by the likes of YCombinator, Pathbreaker Ventures, R7, and Crosslink Capital. We are headquartered in San Carlos, CA with our primary production greenhouse facility located in Gilroy, CA and Lockhart, TX. 
Iron Ox is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
Please note: Iron Ox does not accept unsolicited resumes from staffing vendors, including recruitment agencies and/or search firms. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Iron Ox employees, or any other company location. Any submittals without a prior signed agreement will become property of Iron Ox. 
U.S. E-Verify Notice: Iron Ox participates in E-Verify in the United States. Iron Ox will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Iron Ox, Inc. 10 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in San Carlos, CA Jobs at Iron Ox in San Carlos, CA Research Scientist salaries in San Carlos, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Iron Ox, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
