
 
 
 
 Sr Analytics SA - Omaha, NE - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Analytics SA Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 74,699 reviews Omaha, NE Full-time Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 74,699 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 10 or more years of Database and/or Analytics Systems development and deployment experience, IT systems and engineering experience, security and compliance experience, or equivalent. 
 Experience creating enterprise data platform strategy 
 Implementation and architectural experience with Big Data, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, or AI/ML engineering 
 Experience with data migration techniques and process planning 
 Experience partnering with executive stakeholders as a trusted advisor as well as enabling technical implementers 
 
Are you passionate about data and analytics? Are you a visionary leader with a desire to solve the largest and most complex analytics challenges in the world today?
 
 We are looking for a Senior Solutions Architect to: 
 
 Assist our customers develop and refine their AWS Analytics strategy 
 Work with customers to support organizational readiness and remove blockers 
 Be a trusted advisor and partner to customers, helping them make the right decisions throughout their development and operational lifecycle 
 Partner with other experts when needed to ensure customers get the right advice when they need it 
 Identify patterns to share solutions which can help customers and internal teams scale 
 
You'll be part of the Data Lab Architect in Residence program.
 
 About Us: 
Inclusive Team Culture
 Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
 
Work/Life Balance
 Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
 
 
 Strong project management and problem-solving skills, including optimizing new processes 
 Ability to influence multiple teams, functional areas, and levels of leadership 
 Experience with regulatory frameworks a plus 
 Experience implementing or working closely with data governance 
 Track record of leading enterprise customers to implement AWS services 
 Ability to see around corners, predict needs, and identify patterns 
 
 Amazon.com Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Analytical Chemist jobs in Omaha, NE Jobs at Amazon Dev Center U.S. in Omaha, NE Senior Analytical Chemist salaries in Omaha, NE Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. Amazon Dev Center U.S., Inc. 74,699 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
