
 
 
 
 Online Education Specialist - Indianapolis, IN 46268 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Online Education Specialist Kiwanis International, Inc. 20 reviews Indianapolis, IN 46268 Full-time Kiwanis International, Inc. 20 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description:
 
Work directly with the Director of Leadership Development to provide support for the Kiwanis adult positional education, the adult leadership development programs, the youth leadership certificate program, and all related elements of content delivery. Provide support to the department as needed. 
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 
Review, recommend and oversee the learning management systems (LMS) used by Kiwanis International. (25%) 
Assist and provide support for adult positional leader education, the adult leadership development programs, and the youth leadership certification program by setting up modules, uploading content, managing users, training staff and troubleshooting issues in the online systems. (25%) 
Drive best practices in development and delivery of virtual, online and hybrid/blended education using the appropriate applications and platforms for each program/audience, including video and audio. (25%) 
Assist with education content and training logistics at Kiwanis regional and international conferences and conventions (10%) 
Coordinate live interpretation needs and methods, recorded translations and subtitling of online video (manual and AI). (5%) 
Assist with development and delivery of Salesforce/Fonteva training for Kiwanis staff and positional leaders in the club or district in coordination with the Positional Education Specialist. (5%) 
Assist with quantitative information gathering and analysis for course and training evaluations. (5%) 
OTHER FUNCTIONS: 
Participate in weekly team meetings. 
Participate in staff meetings with various departments as they relate to the projects assigned. 
Schedule, lead and/or participate in project meetings as needed to accomplish timely goals. 
Attend seminars, webinars and other professional/continuing education improvement opportunities to maintain and advance knowledge of the job and areas of responsibility. 
Provide weekly (or more) updates to the Director of Leadership Development on the progress, timelines and any obstacles influencing project work. 
Help develop an online education library with short videos and how-tos that staff and volunteer leaders can access on-demand. 
Provide project and program assessments and recommended next phase or iteration plans. 
Assist with information and resource updates to Kiwanis International web sites. 
All other duties as assigned. 
. Requirements:
 
Educational Requirements: 
Bachelor’s degree in education, information technology, communications or equivalent work experience 
Experiential Requirements: 
Experience working with online learning management systems (LMSs) 
Experience working with online/virtual and hybrid/blended education courses 
Capable of maintaining positive working relationships 
History of success working both independently and as part of a team 
Strong communication and support abilities 
Challenge/solution mindset 
Demonstrated writing proficiency 
Strong web formatting skills 
Experience with budgeting and contracts 
Strong analytical, prioritizing and organizational skills in a multitask environment 
Demonstrated ability in project management 
Ability to be resilient, positive and effective in dealing with setbacks and challenges 
Ability to be adaptable from year to year based on the direction from Kiwanis International leaders and the changing needs of education target audiences 
Experience with integration of translation and interpretation, both live and recorded, for online education/training purposes. 
2-3 years of office experience supporting multiple staff members 
Experience working with volunteers in a not-for-profit, membership-based or service organization highly desired 
Required Skills: 
Microsoft Office Suite Products and Google suite products 
Microsoft Outlook– utilization of calendar and management tools 
Online learning management system(s) – advanced skills 
Video and audio technology 
Internet proficiency 
Data entry 
Other Requirements: 
Kiwanis Family experience a plus 
Multilingual a plus 
Event planning a plus 
Experience working with volunteers a plus 
Experience working with Salesforce a plus 
Experience working with BlueSky, CrowdWisdom or similar LMS a plus 
WORKING CONDITIONS/OTHER INFORMATION: 
Some domestic travel 
Some weekend work required 
Use of a desktop or laptop computer for a large portion of the day 
Work close proximity to co-workers 
Available to work remotely and in office when required Kiwanis International, Inc. 17 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Education Specialist jobs in Indianapolis, IN Jobs at Kiwanis International in Indianapolis, IN Education Specialist salaries in Indianapolis, IN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Kiwanis International, Inc. 20 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
