
 
 
 
 Industry CTO – Media & Entertainment - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Industry CTO – Media & Entertainment Microsoft 7,268 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Digital transformation is impacting every industry around the world. Customers across all Industries are asking Microsoft to help them reinvent their business, innovate, and digitally transform to today’s new realities. 
The Media & Communications Industry Team, part of the Worldwide Industry Solutions Organization, is accountable for leveraging deep industry and technical expertise to enable sales teams and partners to deliver relevant, customized industry solutions and services, built on a secure, integrated cloud platform, to empower our customers to digitally transform their businesses. It’s no longer just about one simple software solution; it’s about creating a connected, secure, efficient, and scalable digital ecosystem. Further, they will guide our engineering teams to address key needs as part of the product roadmaps. 
Our team culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. We also strive to have fun! 
If you have a passion for customer success and want to be part of the greatest digital revolution, we want to hear from you. 
We are at one of the most pivotal times in the Media & Comms industry. New levels of connectivity and intelligence, enabled by cloud computing, IoT and AI have elevated companies to unprecedented levels of transformation, productivity and efficiency. As we embrace a rich future of digital empowerment, we are looking for a strategy and technical leader to help the worldwide industry team to lead this transformation for our customers. 
The Industry CTO for Media and Entertainment industry vertical will serve as a trusted advisor to Microsoft’s top media and entertainment customers, driving thought leadership that will shape industry, competition and solution strategies, strong industry partnerships, as well as long-term, sustainable growth for both Microsoft and our accounts. 
The Industry CTO for media and entertainment will engage with C-Level decision makers across IT and business, guiding the development of customers’ long-term technology roadmaps, driving joint account planning, and leading a virtual team that will accelerate the sales and adoption of Microsoft technologies. This role will actively enable customers to realize the value of their investment in Microsoft through usage of our cloud capabilities, and other advanced technologies including AI, cognitive services, mixed reality, robotics, digital twins, blockchain and others. The person will connect strongly and consistently with multiple engineering teams at Microsoft to translate market opportunity into platform capabilities, investments, to partner regarding engaging in light-house wins, to ensure compatibility and compliance regarding industry-specific decisions on the platform. 
This role needs to have established experience and strong knowledge of the media and entertainment Industry and the competitive landscape in order to partner with account teams and corporate stakeholders to drive disruptive, business-value focused account plans within Microsoft’s top accounts. 
Responsibilities 
Build long-term trusted technology relationships with C-Level decision makers which result in solid and meaningful strategic technology conversations. 
Demonstrate change management leadership skills by assisting customers with new business models, process and workflow changes as they move towards the desired future state. 
Collaborate with key Manufacturing & Resources stakeholders and Microsoft extended teams, particularly engineering, to develop a long-term strategy to grow Microsoft’s share across the Industry with a focus on the adoption and consumption of Microsoft Industry solutions. This includes working closely with engineering to provide feedback on products; advising the Global Partner Solutions group on partner strategies; and partnering with Marketing, Services, Digital and selected partners to ensure industry solutions are targeted to meet customer needs. 
Work closely with key Industry stakeholders, field teams and other global industry sellers to land solution Lighthouse deals.
 Have deep competitive differentiation understanding and objective handling including certification and compliance regulations.
 lnitiate engagement in industry-wide initiatives and standards bodies, and grow the partner ecosystem in partnership with partner teams to fill out the solution landscape across the industry.
 Understand and drive the technical architecture aspects of the Microsoft scale solutions. Work in partnership with priority specialists in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer to inform industry-aligned communities and promote prioritized solutions within the industry accounts. 
Represent Microsoft at key industry events, Microsoft external events such as Microsoft Envision, and at the Executive Briefing Center. 
Partner with key Industry stakeholders, account teams, and Marketing to land the business value of Microsoft priorities and technology portfolio at executive client touch points, strengthening Microsoft’s role as a trusted advisor in the Industry. 
Qualifications 
Established Industry experience, expertise, and credentials with customer line-of-business needs and deep industry solution technical expertise.
 Knowledge of the Microsoft Enterprise Platform and the ability to map relevant IT technology solutions to customers’ IT and business needs and priorities. 
In-depth understanding of the partner ecosystems (including Tier 1s, ISVs, SIs) related to Industry solutions and the ability to identify leading solution vendors or systems integrators with relevant repeatable solutions or domain practices.
 Deep understanding of the industry competitive landscape and be able to translate Microsoft’s value proposition to drive global compete strategies.
 Strong development and architecture skills acquired over 10 years or more serving the Process and Energy Industries.
 Industry specialized development or consulting position is desired. 
Track record of driving business/product performance through influencing for impact and supporting strong cross-group and cross-cultural collaboration.
 Understand, and have experience with the application of cloud-based technologies in the media and entertainment industry environment. 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, similar information technology-related, or engineering discipline degree required. Master's degree preferred. 
#Industry Solutions 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 25 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief Technology Officer jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Chief Technology Officer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
