
 
 
 
 Senior Writer - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Writer Microsoft 7,268 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Remote Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Calling all storytellers! A growing editorial team within Microsoft Design is looking for a seasoned writer, editor, and content strategist to join us. Our team is a colorful crew of writers, designers, and producers and we co-create long and short form articles, videos, social media narratives, and more. The subjects themselves range from the humanizing impact of emoji, to the ethical design of AI, to the future of remote work and learning. Our content currently lives on the Microsoft Design blog on Medium, Instagram, and Twitter, and we’re in the nascent stages of building a website that will be the face of Microsoft Design. 
One of your main roles will be to co-create and then oversee that site, which we envision being akin to Monocle, Creative Review, or It’sNiceThat. To successfully do this, you'll wear three hats. As a writer, you’ll create emotionally resonant articles that inspire and inform both internal and external audiences. As an editor, you'll help other people become stronger storytellers. As a strategist, you’ll map stories to business goals and use that to inform and create editorial calendars and campaigns. 
XC team charter 
You'll be joining the Experiences Collective (XC) team at Microsoft. At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. XC contributes to the overall mission by designing a delightful and seamless Microsoft 365 experience, a product and service subscription, so people can focus and create whether they're working at home, school, or anywhere in between. We take a holistic, human-centered design and research approach, whether it’s building individual apps (like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Cortana) or designing the connective threads that tie everything together to become Microsoft 365. 
XC team culture 
We've built a community that is comprised of diverse styles, voices, and views so we can best serve and reflect the diversity of our customers and their needs. Nurturing and continuously evolving this culture are our shared responsibility because we create better products together. 
We contribute rather than compete. We re-use rather than reinvent. We test rather than guess. We push boundaries constantly because we believe in the magic of bold ideas and because it is our responsibility to strive to be best-in-class. 
#joinXC 
Responsibilities 
Responsibilities : 
Ideate and execute on a variety of content for our external website (long-form articles, Q&A’s, event descriptions, caption copy, and more) 
Assist in creating an editorial calendar that aligns with company priorities and product roadmaps. 
Oversee the day-to-day management of our external website. 
Occasionally write copy for internal websites or newsletters. 
Oversee freelance writers and copy editors to ensure alignment with Microsoft style guidelines. 
Work with people from product teams to improve their own storytelling skills. 
Edit stories submitted by others to meet a high narrative bar. 
Interview internal and external people in the UX community to source great stories and then bring them to life. 
Coordinate with our Creative Director to ensure holistic alignment between copy and visuals. 
Coordinate with our Social Media Manager to tell a singular story across multiple platforms. 
Qualifications 
Qualifications : 
8-10 years of related experience 
Steller verbal and written communication skills 
Ability to comfortably interface with a variety of personality types 
Great interview skills 
Detail-oriented and highly organized 
Proven ability to multi-task and creatively solve problems 
Background in design, tech, and/or journalism strongly preferred. 
Experience managing freelance writers and editors is a plus 
Experience running an external-facing editorial website is also a plus 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 28 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Writer jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Senior Writer salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
