
 
 
 
 Designer for Human-Centered AI - Seattle, WA 98101 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Designer for Human-Centered AI IBM 30,893 reviews Seattle, WA 98101 Remote Full-time IBM 30,893 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
Thomas J. Watson said it best: “Good design is good business.” Visualization is critical to discovering data-driven insights and effectively communicating that knowledge to others. Designers at IBM work to create experiences that work together, work the same, and work for our clients. Does the thought of creating the platform at the heart of solutions like Watson, Blockchain, IoT, and Security excite you? If so, read on! 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
Artificial intelligence is having a profound impact on all aspects of our lives. AI systems are being created that drive our vehicles, design our drugs, determine what news and information we see, and even decide how our money is invested. Some of these systems operate entirely autonomously, while others only make recommendations or suggestions. Despite increasing levels of automation enabled by AI, the common thread of all these systems is the human element: people are critical in the design, operation, and use of AI systems, and we have a responsibility to ensure those systems operate transparently, promote equitable outcomes, respect our privacy, and effectively serve our needs. How can we ensure that AI systems are designed responsibly and produce effective outcomes? 
 
Role: 
 
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Designer who is passionate about designing AI systems for people. As part of the Human-Centered AI team, you will play a critical role in shaping how we design and evaluate AI systems used across a variety of business contexts. You'll work with engineers, researchers, and our partners to help invent the future of human-AI interaction. You will employ a variety of Design and Human-Computer Interaction skills in this position, including: user interface and interaction design, content and information architecture design, visual design, rapid prototyping, user research, survey methods, and experimental evaluation. You are a tireless advocate for the user, you embrace the ambiguities of working in a fast-paced research environment, and you are comfortable working with and designing for bleeding-edge machine learning and AI technologies. You will interact with stakeholders across IBM Research and other IBM business units to communicate conceptual ideas and detailed design rationales, both verbally and visually. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 Design and evaluate novel user experiences for AI-infused systems. Conduct user research to identify unmet user needs that can be addressed with AI. Showcase cutting-edge AI and machine learning research via interactive experiences and prototypes. Adopt IBM design systems and standards. Effectively communicate conceptual ideas and detailed design rationale, both verbally and visually. Assist researchers in disseminating research findings via publications and IP 
The work locations are Cambridge, MA, or Yorktown Heights, NY, or remote. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Experience with Design and HCI methods: wireframing, storyboarding, Wizard of Oz, high-fidelity design, participatory design, semi-structured interviewing, grounded theory & thematic analysis, statistics, A/B testing. 
Ability to distinguish good design from bad, and great design from good. 
Ability to actively seek feedback and review of work; accept and act upon creative/technical direction. 
Ability to work in an ambiguous research environment and design for bleeding-edge machine learning and AI technologies. 
Ability to collaborate well across multiple kinds of stakeholders (e.g. product managers, researchers, developers, designers). 
2+ years design experience 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Applications: Sketch, Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, Mural, Trello, Keynote 
Web design standards and processes 
Web languages and frameworks skills (e.g. HTML, CSS, Javascript) is a plus 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMAre you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities. 
 
Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone. 
 
It's time to define your career. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Designer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at IBM in Seattle, WA Designer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,893 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
