
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Marlborough, MA 01752 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Akoya Biosciences 6 reviews Marlborough, MA 01752 Akoya Biosciences 6 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Title: Data Scientist
 
 Department: Software Development
 
 Location: Marlborough, MA
 
 
 About Akoya Biosciences:
 
As ‘The Spatial Biology Company®’, Akoya Biosciences’ mission is to bring context to the world of
 
biology and human health through the power of spatial phenotyping. The company offers
 
comprehensive single-cell imaging solutions that allow researchers to phenotype cells with spatial
 
context and visualize how they organize and interact to influence disease progression and treatment
 
response. Akoya offers two distinct solutions, the CODEX® and Phenoptics™ platforms, to serve the
 
diverse needs of researchers across discovery, translational and clinical research. 
 
 
 Position Summary: 
 
The Data Scientist is a member of the software team providing contributions to the design,
 
development, and analysis of Akoya products. You will use cellular image data to advanced analytical
 
capabilities in our products and help drive biological domain understanding. The successful candidate
 
will have experience in image analysis and feature extraction and strong R skills. You will work
 
independently and with cross functional teams to advance our industry-leading analytic portfolio. You
 
will be leveraging scalable, cloud environments to efficiently develop and execute processing pipelines,
 
as well as conduct and communicate exploratory, functional analyses.
 
 
 Duties & Responsibilities:
 Work with product management and engineering teams in an agile development environment to
 understand requirements and use cases to build design and development plans.
 Participates in overall design and development of Akoya analysis software.
 Implement innovative approaches and workflows that enable customers to expand into new
 applications.
 
 Work collaboratively to design, build and test analytical solutions with cross-functional teams
 Development and execution of data analysis protocols to support the company's analysis
 pipeline for use in cloud applications
 
 Presentation and documentation of results internally and externally 
 
 Skills & Requirements 
 Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Cheminformatics, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology
 or a related field with 1-2 years’ experience or BS degree with 2-3 years’ experience.
 A strong understanding of the statistical principles underlying common Bioinformatic analyses
 Proficiency in R.
 Knowledge of image analysis algorithms involving cellular analysis
 Ability to balance multiple high-priority tasks in a rapidly changing environment
 Knowledge of AI and Machine Learning algorithms
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 
 
 
 
Akoya Biosciences, Inc. proudly affords equal employment opportunity to all qualified persons regardless
 
of race, color, religious creed, national origin, age, military status, sexual orientation, disability, genetic
 
information, gender identity, gender expression or gender unless based upon a bona fide occupational
 
qualification.
 
 
Apply at: careers@akoyabio.com Akoya Biosciences 5 days ago Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Marlborough, MA Jobs at Akoya Biosciences in Marlborough, MA Data Scientist salaries in Marlborough, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Akoya Biosciences Akoya Biosciences 6 reviews Akoya Biosciences, ‘The Spatial Biology Company’ was founded in 2015. Akoya develops, manufactures and sells innovative instrumentation, ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
