
 
 
 
 Senior Program Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Program Manager Microsoft 7,268 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description … Join our team and make the world better for developers! 
 
We are building the Developer Relations dream team in Azure engineering. Our global team is maniacal about making the world amazing for developers of all backgrounds. We're excited to support and contribute to open source platforms, tools, and processes. We’re spreading awareness of Azure and enabling developers to do what they love; write, code, and learn. 
 
This is the heart and soul of reinventing Microsoft’s relationship with developers. Sound exciting? This is your opportunity to join and be a key part of our mission! Learn more here: www.aka.ms/meettheteam 
At Microsoft, our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. The Content & Learning (C&L) organization within the Cloud + AI division plays a critical role in this mission by providing free, first-party technical documentation, interactive training, and solution guidance to individuals around the world, helping people learn, adopt, and use Microsoft technologies to achieve their goals. 
Responsibilities 
We are looking for an experienced and motivated leader to join the Content Operations and Excellence team, which enables scale through process and tooling improvements across the organization. This role will work closely with Content teams to identify and capture top business priorities requiring support from partner teams. The incumbent will develop and lead planning rhythm of business. The role will partner closely with DevRel Product and Insights & Intelligence teams to review shared priorities and track progress against their delivery. The Planning PM will also support release planning of major Developer events like Microsoft Build and Ignite. 
This role requires being passionate about customers and use a data-driven approach to collaborate cross-functionally to drive the growth of our technical documentation, interactive training, and solution guidance. You must possess strong analytical skills, be able to influence using your data analysis expertise without authority and enjoy learning. You will need to be adept at interacting, communicating, and partnering with other teams as well as representing your team to executive management. 
The responsibilities include: 
Build and maintain planning rhythm of business for Content organization. 
Lead the review of shared priorities with key stakeholders like DevRel Product and Insights and Intelligence teams. 
Track and communicate progress against planned delivery. 
Develop and implement planning related KPIs and continuously evolve planning capability.
 Support the event planning and release management for large events like Build, Ignite etc. 
Qualifications 
Required Qualifications: 
3+ years experience with strategic or operational planning in Tech or Service environment 
3+ years experience with process improvement, systems development and project management. 
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Engineering or a related field OR 3+ years equivalent work experience. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience with a data-driven mindset and ability to experiment, learn, and improve 
Ability to partner with senior leadership, building relationships across organizational boundaries 
Experience with Change Management including the ability to work with improvement team sponsors to address barriers 
Ability to make independent decisions, self-starter, ability to perform with minimal supervision. 
Fun to work with, a positive attitude, customer empathy, and a passion for cloud computing at Microsoft 
Good organizational skills and an eye for detail 
A passion for identifying places we can improve coupled with communication skills to contribute to the broader organization 
Embodies the values of growth mindset, diversity, and inclusion 
Passion for learning and inspiring others to continually learn 
This organization is looking for candidates who are excited to be a true customer advocate and influence the next generation of technical content for cloud computing at Microsoft. You will be a meaningful part of a growing team that values diversity of thought and recognizes everyone for their personal strengths and desire to learn and grow. If you are a PM who is creative, loves to learn, is passionate about customers and content who can deliver results; C&L in Developer Relations is a great place for you to work. 
#devrelawesomejobs 
#devrelawesomejobsPM 
Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Program Manager jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Senior Program Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
