
 
 
 
 Senior HR Advisor - Illinois - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior HR Advisor dunnhumby 57 reviews Illinois Remote dunnhumby 57 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Most companies try to meet expectations, dunnhumby exists to defy them.  Using big data, deep expertise and AI-driven platforms to decode the 21st century human experience – then redefine it in meaningful and surprising ways that put customers first. Across digital, mobile and retail. For brands like Tesco, Coca-Cola, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo. 
 
We're looking for a Senior HR   Advisor  who expects more from their career.  It's a chance to become a trusted partner to the business to deliver comprehensive HR support across our Technology client group. It's an opportunity to work with a market-leading business and ensure we stay ahead of the competition. 
 
Joining our HR team and reporting into an HR Director, you'll work with world class and passionate people to drive the implementation of HR policies, processes and people plans, provide an advisory service to managers (up to Exec) and employees and support teams to develop and manage their resource plans. Working in a regional/global, matrixed team, you'll support the HR Director and take the lead on resource forecasts, HR data reporting and providing a great Advisory service to dunnhumbians across all of North America. 
 
What we expect from you 
 
 A track record of providing great HR Advisory service regionally or globally 
 Basic knowledge of HR laws in North America 
 HR Advisor experience and ability to work closely with our Regional leads, Centres of Excellence, as well as a global team of HR Business Partners 
 Knowledge of employment legislation and best practice to ensure our people are supported across the region 
 Strong Excel skills and Powerpoint kills are key 
 A team player who is confident and willing to challenge senior stakeholders 
 Innovative mindset to enhance HR practices and procedures 
 Immigration processing experience is a plus but not needed 
 
 What you can expect from us 
 
We won't just meet your expectations. We'll defy them. So you'll enjoy the comprehensive rewards package you'd expect from a leading technology company. But also, a degree of personal flexibility you might not. 
 
Plus, thoughtful perks, like early finish Friday and your birthday off. 
 
You'll also benefit from an investment in cutting-edge technology that reflects our global ambition. But with a nimble, small-business feel that gives you the freedom to play, experiment and learn. 
 
And we don't just talk about diversity and inclusion. We live it every day – with thriving networks including dh Women's Network, dh Proud, dh Parent's & Carer's, dh One and dh Thrive as the living proof. Everyone's invited. 
 
Our approach to Flexible Working
 At dunnhumby, we value and respect difference and are committed to building an inclusive culture by creating an environment where you can balance a successful career with your commitments and interests outside of work. 
 
We believe that you will do your best at work if you have a work / life balance. Some roles lend themselves to flexible options more than others, so if this is important to you please raise this with your recruiter, as we are open to discussing agile working opportunities during the hiring process. 
 
 For further information about how we collect and use your personal information please see our Privacy Notice which can be found  (here) dunnhumby 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Human Resources Advisor jobs in Illinois Jobs at dunnhumby in Illinois Human Resources Advisor salaries in Illinois Company Info Follow Get job updates from dunnhumby dunnhumby 57 reviews dunnhumby is the global leader in Customer Data Science, empowering businesses everywhere to compete and thrive in the modern data-driven... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
