
 
 
 
 New York or Los Angeles Technology Consulting Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Manager - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search New York or Los Angeles Technology Consulting Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Manager Protiviti 194 reviews New York, NY Protiviti 194 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Are You Ready to Live Protiviti? 
The Protiviti Career provides opportunities to learn, inspire, and advance within a collaborative and diverse company culture. We hire curious people for whom learning is an everyday activity. We fuel your curiosity with challenging work, talented colleagues, and creative learning resources. At every level, we champion leaders who influence and achieve results. We encourage you to “bring your whole self to work” – all of your motivations, passions, priorities, and commitments – as these things bring us closer to exceptional. 
That's Living Protiviti. 
We strive to recruit and hire the best talent, and it does not stop there. Once you join us, we promise to help you bring your career to life through exceptional work experiences, a culture passionate about learning and development, and a dedication to what matters to you. 
Are you inspired to make a difference? 
Then you have come to the right place. 
Where We Need You: 
Protiviti is seeking an Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Manager to join our growing team. 
What You Can Expect: 
Managers partner with our clients to solve complex business problems and provide best in class advice and solutions. Managers have a solid understanding of their client’s business and demonstrate technical competence in their solution and industry. Managers can clearly articulate the value drivers of our business and are responsible for developing opportunities both at existing clients and new clients. Managers are responsible for job economics and for ensuring seamless project management. Managers are developing future contacts within the business community and serve as ambassadors of Protiviti in the market. 
What Will Help You Be Successful: 
You enjoy identifying areas of business risk, potential technical problems, and opportunities to improve the efficiency and profitability of the client’s overall business processes. 
You are passionate about evaluating, synthesizing, organizing, and interpreting data and information. 
You create a positive work environment that fosters open communication among all engagement team members. 
You effectively build relationships with your clients and provide them with timely top-quality service. 
You have an inherent interest in project management and team leadership. You seek new ways to create extraordinary development opportunities and ways for your team to make an impact on our clients and communities. 
Do Your Talents Include the Following? 
Ability to review, validate, or develop models related to one or more of the following: market, credit, Anti-Money Laundry, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Reinforcement Learning 
Evaluating, developing, or implementing credit and market risk measurement tools 
Reviewing or developing derivative and capital market instrument pricing 
Assessing conduct risk models including, anti-money laundering, fair lending, and fraud 
Demonstrates ability to recognize risk to Protiviti with potential clients 
Demonstrates the ability to discuss technical and industry trends and the related solutions 
Assists in delivering specific product solutions to clients 
Adds value by identifying client expectations and then exceeding mutually agreed-upon objectives 
Assists engagement leadership in managing engagement profitability and managing engagement risk 
Develop understanding of project requirements and client’s business 
Ensure timely completion of assigned project phases. Also keeps track of client expectations and verifies that current deliverables are in line with project scope and client expectations 
Develop and maintain effective client relationships 
Apply understanding of Protiviti policies and proficiency in Protiviti methodologies 
Apply understanding of business processes and technical skills to successful completion of project assignments 
Proven ability to work in a team environment and exhibits effective communication skills 
Extensive working knowledge of Python is a must – knowledge of OOP paradigm is strongly encouraged. additional programming experience such as R, MATLAB, SQL, C/C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. is preferred 
Programming experience in deep learning framework such as Tensorflow and Keras is a must. Additional experience with PyTorch, PyBrain, and/or Gym is preferred 
Proven Data manipulation skill is required. Must at least be proficient with Python Scientific suite (NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, and Pandas) 
Demonstrated computational skills utilizing Cloud and High-Performance Computing Platform 
Demonstrated skills to do fast prototype by utilizing pre-trained modules from established cognitive service platform such as Azure and GCP 
Strong analytical skills and ability to clearly and unambiguously communicate problems, solutions, risks, and alternatives 
Solid knowledge of process reengineering and methodologies, including flowcharting and technical design documentation 
Your Educational and Professional Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree required 
5+ years in a related field; preferably in professional services and/or industry 
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Decision Science, Applied Math or equivalent preferred 
Professional Certification such as FRM, CFA, PRM preferred 
Do You Love Exploring New Places? 
We travel throughout the month frequently based upon client requests/commitments. Travel may include suburban, regional, or out-of-state locations. Protiviti GmbH 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technology Consultant jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Protiviti in New York, NY Technology Consultant salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Protiviti Protiviti 194 reviews Protiviti (www.protiviti.com) is a global consulting firm that delivers deep expertise, objective insights, a tailored approach and unpar... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
