
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Foodspace Technology, Inc. Boston, MA Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Founded in 2018, foodspace has the goal of revolutionizing the food sector with technology that will power transparency and efficiency. Our proprietary technology powered by cutting-edge AI, Machine Learning and Computer Vision ensures PIM (Product Information Management) quality in seconds, with 100% accuracy for leading CPG brands and retailers. 
 We are seeking a talented Machine Learning Engineer to design, build, and upgrade our suite of machine learning models to the next level! Reporting to the Chief Technology Officer, you'll help us train new models, tweak and evaluate existing models, and build metrics and evaluation tooling. You will be working closely with the software development team to ensure that research is transitioned efficiently to production. 
 Responsibilities: 
 On any given day, projects you might work on include: 
 Writing code to evaluate and visualize model outputs 
Package and deploy models to production environment 
Perform hyperparameter and architecture search on existing models 
Create novel models to synthesize product attributes 
Troubleshoot existing models in production 
Assist in training Smart Filter technology to flag products for further review 
Experience working with deep neural networks for computer vision (CNNs, Resnet, RCNN, YOLO, Mask-RCNN) 
Proficient python programming skills 
Experience working with GPUs for accelerated computing 
Strong understanding of how to formulate a hypothesis, set up an experiment, interpret results and perform error analysis 
Experience working with traditional machine learning methods such as regression analysis and decision trees 
Experience working with Scikit-learn or equivalent in R, SAS or Matlab 
Experience working with at least one deep learning framework such as Tensorflow, Pytorch, Caffe, MXNet etc. 
Experience working with deep neural networks for natural language processing (LSTMs, BERT, FastText) preferred 
Experience deploying models to production using tensorflow serving, kubeflow, mlflow, or flask/django preferred 
What we offer! 
 Medical, Dental and Vision coverage 
401k 
Company Paid retreats 
We are a small, lean startup that moves very quickly, but offers independence and flexible/remote working hours. 
As a small company, every member has much more influence and their contributions matter more. If you want to be a part of the growth and contribute to the culture, then this is the ideal opportunity for you. 
Commitment to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: 
 Foodspace is an equal opportunity employer that commits to diversity and inclusion and also celebrates it. We do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, religion, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability status, or marital status. Foodspace Technology, Inc. Today original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Foodspace Technology in Boston, MA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Boston, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
