
 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer - Artificial Intelligence Group - Pasadena, CA 91109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Software Engineer - Artificial Intelligence Group JPL/NASA 12 reviews Pasadena, CA 91109 Full-time JPL/NASA 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Details 
New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL. 
Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence. 
Are you intrigued about artificial intelligence and autonomous systems? Be part of the team leading the development of innovative space technologies such as self-piloting and onboard science processing systems. 
The Artificial Intelligence Group works on fundamental research problems leading to unique software applications in spacecraft autonomy, scientific data analysis, and mission operations automation and onboard analysis for real-time decisions. 
Development projects will include automation of ground and flight operations for communications stations, space missions, marine vehicles, aerial vehicles, including fleets of vehicles. You will use Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies to partially and fully automate critical systems for scheduling, planning and resource allocation. You will initiate and lead new efforts in these areas. 
Your job will entail but is not limited to: 
Perform analysis on a wide variety of large and disparate datasets using highly complex and novel techniques 
Develop novel, complex scheduling algorithms for autonomous systems that must interpret large amounts of input state, constraint, and event data to generate actions and scheduled to achieve higher level goals. 
Advance state of the art in the area, routinely publishes such advances - Communicate results to internal and external customers 
Apply and combine current and emerging techniques and tools in novel ways - Develop and combine complex data analysis techniques and methods for a specific application 
Design and develop software tools for data analytics 
Develop system requirements 
Formulate new concepts 
Qualifications 
Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 9 years of related experience; Master's degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 7 year of related experience; or PhD with a minimum of 5 year of related experience in similar disciplines 
Significant knowledge in one or more related fields of the following areas: software development, artificial intelligence, search, operations research, resource allocation mechanisms, quantitative modeling, machine learning, computer vision, risk models, decision theory, and probabilistic methods 
Experience in wide application of principles, theories, concepts and techniques in modern programming languages such as C++, Python, Java, Hadoop map-reduce, R, Ruby, SAS, Artificial Intelligence Techniques and concepts Preferred Qualifications 
Experience in automation and analysis systems for logistics or robotic autonomous systems 
Experience and background in Artificial Intelligence, Optimization, Search, Scheduling, Resource Allocation, Operations Research, or related fields - Extensive knowledge of applicable industry and/or academic practices and standards in Software design & development and Computer Science 
Experience in interdisciplinary team leadership 
Experience in writing proposals, task plans, and research publications for peer reviewed forums 
Experience in formulating new concepts, visions, and technology thrusts 
Experience in formulating and leading cross institutional efforts 
JPL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy or perceived pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, protected military or veteran status or any other characteristic or condition protected by Federal, state or local law. 
In addition, JPL is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor. 
EEO is the Law. 
EEO is the Law Supplement 
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision 
The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a federal facility. Due to rules imposed by NASA, JPL will not accept applications from citizens of designated countries or those born in a designated country unless they are Legal Permanent Residents of the U.S or have other protected status under 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). The Designated Countries List is available here. Jet Propulsion Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at JPL/NASA in Pasadena, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Pasadena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPL/NASA 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
