
 
 
 
 Senior Applied Machine Learning Engineer - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Applied Machine Learning Engineer Clarifai Washington, DC About the Company 
 
Clarifai is an artificial intelligence company that excels at visual recognition. We do not sell abstract, futuristic technology - we sell a solution that businesses can use to solve real-world problems. We believe that the same AI technology that gives big tech companies a competitive edge should be available to developers and businesses of any size or budget. That's why we build products to make it easy, quick, and inexpensive for developers and businesses to innovate with AI, go to market faster, and build better customer experiences. 
 
We have secured $40M in funding up to date, backed by Menlo Ventures, Google Ventures, USV, NVIDIA, Qualcomm, Osage, Lux Capital, LDV Capital, and Corazon Capital. To continue to succeed, we need people like you to join the team! 
 
Clarifai is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce. 
 
Your Impact 
 
You'll join our Applied Machine Learning Team and help our team drive customer acquisition and revenue growth in 2020. You value collaboration and want to work closely with others in the company, including research, backend, infrastructure, product, frontend, and design. You'll help build and maintain our customer models and visual search technology. You have the ability to make a significant impact on the company and the AI space as a whole. 
 
Your Opportunity 
 
Note: We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas for this particular opportunity, as we are looking for someone who is eligible to obtain a TS or Secret Clearance. 
 
 Train public and private custom models with curated data and evaluate model performance. We are always looking to increase our accuracy and refine our current models. 
 Work with our senior engineers to improve our object detection, segmentation, tracking, visual search and develop new products. 
 Help the team deploy production ready models to customers. We anticipate that customers will have steady feedback for us on the models, so we should be focusing on using that feedback to make frequent model improvements. 
 Help maintain our research ML infrastructure. 
 Collaborate with the research team, and make sure solutions worked out by our research team are production ready. We value alignment between the Applied Machine Learning and research teams, and this is key to our continued success. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 3+ years of hands-on experience crafting and experimenting with neural networks, machine learning techniques and computer vision 
 Experience with imaging or NLP modalities 
 Fluent with using a neural network framework such as TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, or Torch, and understanding how back-propagation works 
 Fluent with Python, as well as experience with packages such as NumPy, pandas, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. 
 
 Great to Have: 
 
 Experience with search infrastructure or GO language 
 Experience with TensorRT, Deepstream Projects in video, speech, or NLP 
 Experience with government contracts and interactions 
 Published Research papers/patents 
 
 Objectives 
 
You'll thrive in this role if you love to learn fast and move fast. 
 
In your first 30 days, you will: 
 
 Get up to speed on either a customer-facing ML project or a component of our ML infrastructure for training our models 
 Learn how we work with both the Research team and the Backend team 
 Have created your own branch and begun coding 
 
 60 days in, you will: 
 
 Be adding either functionality or scalability to key software components, under the guidance of a Senior AML Engineer 
 Have contributed to at least one biweekly sprint 
 Helped ship something a customer cares about 
 
 180 days in, you will: 
 
 Invented a new way to do something 
 Improved the platform to make other engineers and scientists more efficient Clarifai 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Clarifai in Washington, DC Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Clarifai Clarifai is headquartered in New York City and was founded in 2013 by Matthew Zeiler to bring the world’s best image recognition technolo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
