
 
 
 
 Cybersecurity Intelligence Group - Senior Threat Intelligence Developer - Plano, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cybersecurity Intelligence Group - Senior Threat Intelligence Developer JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Plano, TX Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
 
 Expert proficiency in Python scripting
 Working knowledge of basic programming languages or database management systems such as REST APIs, JSON, HTML/CSS, Javascript, and ElasticSearch
 Understanding of Threat Intelligence platform, SOAR platform, and workflow orchestration tools
 Hand-on experience with cloud-based technologies and tools especially in deployment, monitoring and operations, such as Splunk, Elasticsearch, and Kibana.
 Experience in AI/ ML and / or Big Data technologies and framework is a plus.
 Experience with threat intelligence techniques and processes in an enterprise level organization
 General knowledge of global cyber threats, threat actors and the tactics, techniques, and procedures used by cyber adversaries
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Appreciation of the wider roles of interconnecting and collaboration with peer Cyber Security teams
 Demonstrable understanding of information technology principles including: software, hardware, networking, and Cloud infrastructure
 This position is anticipated to require the use of one or more High Security Access (HSA) systems. Users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis thereafter. The enhanced screening will need to be successfully completed prior to commencing employment or assignment.
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 6 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Developer jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Plano, TX Senior Developer salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
