
 
 
 
 Insights Lead - Washington, DC 20004 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Insights Lead Facebook 631 reviews Washington, DC 20004 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Compliance Operations is focused on ensuring that the platforms and communities we support remain safe and secure from all forms of harm. Regulated payments is a core area of support and our small global team operates compliance programs across Transaction Monitoring, Sanctions Screening, Identity Verification, and Due Diligence for Facebook, Instagram, Oculus, and WhatsApp. You will help Facebook Payments ensure its compliance policies, internal controls, and systems keep our platforms safe. If you like protecting people and finding bad guys, Compliance Monitoring is for you. 
Work with large datasets to investigate key trends, performance, issues, behaviors, and metrics and present compelling narratives to explain results to executives. 
Collaborate with data scientists and engineers to build and improve on the availability, integrity, accuracy, and reliability of data logging and data pipelines. 
Develop repeatable methods to ensure consistent results. 
Help develop infrastructure to support analyses and automate procedures. 
Influence teams towards data-informed decision-making and analytical thinking. Create analyses that tell a “story” focused on insights, not just data. 
Develop and oversee an effective model management program that meets regulatory requirements. 
Developing and maintaining methodologies for tuning and optimization of models and business rules used in Bank Secrecy Act/Office of Foreign Assets Control compliance. 
Developing testing frameworks for production and pre-production transaction monitoring rules within various Anti-Money Laundering monitoring and Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions screening technology and analytics solutions systems. 
Establishing a robust analytical function for risk detection, profiling, and mitigation, including leveraging advanced analytical techniques (such as statistical modeling and data mining) and technology to improve risk detection and operational efficiency. 
Mentoring staff which includes necessary training and developmental experience to obtain subject matter expertise in their area of Bank Secrecy Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control compliance and in the application of analytical techniques and tools. 
Assisting change management, data validation and Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering compliance control analytics. 
Bachelor’s Degree 
5+ years experience in Anti-Money Laundering, Sanctions and Financial Crimes roles 
Extensive knowledge and expertise of Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering regulations, risks and typologies 
Demonstrated understanding of regulations and requirements related to New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) Part 504 
Demonstrated understanding of the model management guidelines 
Considerable experience working with large quantities of data, including data manipulation, data profiling, data visualization, and performing statistical analysis on data 
Master’s/Advanced Degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, Operational Research, Industrial Engineering or other quantitative field 
People management experience 
Experience working with development, tuning and optimization of Anti-Money Laundering transaction monitoring rules and reports, by leveraging data and statistical analysis techniques to derive thresholds, identify outliers and utilize statistical sampling techniques to facilitate above-the-line and below-the-line testing 
Proficiency in Python and R 
Proficiency in MS SQL, MySQL, Hadoop 
Academic or industry experience with exposure to the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) are preferred 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at Facebook in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
