
 
 
 
 Product Counsel - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Counsel Panasonic Corporation of North America 783 reviews Palo Alto, CA Full-time Panasonic Corporation of North America 783 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description About Yo Labs: 
 
Technology has changed daily life in a way no one could have imagined. It’s made us more productive, capable and connected. But it has come at a cost. We’re productive, but overwhelmed. Capable but paralyzed by too many choices. Connected, but only if social media counts. Living this 
way creates a void in our daily lives. Yo Labs is here to change that. Our team is committed to alleviating the mental load that our modern world has created by putting human connection back into technology and caretaking at the heart of everything we create. 
 
As a founding member of our legal team, you will work closely with Yo Labs’s product, technology, and business operations team to deliver innovative, AI-enabled software and hardware solutions to advance human wellness and reduce cognitive load. 
 
 What You’ll Get To Do: 
Provide solution-oriented legal advice to engineering, research, product, and business development teams from initial stages of product development through launch and commercialization. 
Provide legal direction, training, and risk mitigation strategies on U.S. and international laws and regulations related to the development and commercialization of health and wellness technologies, including software and hardware solutions. 
Develop and maintain user-facing legal disclosures, including terms of service and privacy policy. 
Drive development of internal processes to scale effectively with the business. 
Stay current and keep business apprised on laws, regulations, and policy trends relevant to consumer software services, IoT, data protection and privacy, advertising and marketing, and consumer protection. 
What You’ll Bring: 
JD degree or equivalent from accredited institution 
Admission to practice law in a U.S. state (California preferred) and in good standing 
5+ years of relevant legal experience in law firms, government, and/or in-house departments. Substantial in-house experience is a plus. 
Experience with counseling innovative products, especially consumer software services and IoT hardware devices. Experience with AI/machine learning technologies is a plus. 
Familiarity with laws and regulations governing consumer protection, data protection and privacy, advertising and marketing, as well as healthcare and wellness. 
Superior communication and analytical skills 
Team-oriented attitude and willingness to build relationships with business partners, customers, and management, as well as pitch in where necessary 
Comfort with ambiguity and ability to organize, prioritize, and manage multiple projects in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. 
Experience working with and leading cross-functional teams, and owning and driving projects from beginning to end. 
Familiarity with Japanese culture and language is a plus. 
A sense of adventure and willingness to stay nimble and learn new things. 
What We Offer: 
Opportunity to join a hyper-growth startup on a mission to make well-being attainable for modern families 
Competitive compensation 
Comprehensive benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, HSA, FSA 
401k with employer match 
Life & Short Term Disability Insurance 
Supplemental Medical Coverage 
Unlimited PTO 
12 Company Holidays 
Paid Maternity & Parental Leave 
Paid Caregiver Leave 
Employee Assistance Program 
Group and 1-on-1 Career Coaching 
Pet Insurance 
Casual Dress Code 
Catered Lunch & Snacks 
Discounts on Panasonic products 
Company Social Events 
We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by law or company policy. All qualified individuals are required to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation. Pre-employment drug testing is required for safety sensitive positions or as may otherwise be required by contract or law. Due to the high volume of responses, we will only be able to respond to candidates of interest. All candidates must have valid authorization to work in the U.S. Thank you for your interest in Yo Labs. Panasonic 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Counsel jobs in Palo Alto, CA Counsel salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Panasonic Corporation of North America Panasonic Corporation of North America 783 reviews Panasonic is a leading technology partner to businesses and governments, at the forefront of everything from electric batteries to smart ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
