
 
 
 
 Manager, Platform Strategy, Cyber & Intelligence Solutions - Purchase, NY 10577 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Platform Strategy, Cyber & Intelligence Solutions MasterCard 622 reviews Purchase, NY 10577 Temporarily remote MasterCard 622 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Our Purpose
 We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
 Job Title
 Manager, Platform Strategy, Cyber & Intelligence Solutions
 Who is Mastercard?
 
Mastercard is a global technology company in the payments industry. Our mission is to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart, and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments, and businesses realize their greatest potential.
 
Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. With connections across more than 210 countries and territories, we are building a sustainable world that unlocks priceless possibilities for all. 
 
 
 
The Cyber & Intelligence (C&I) group develops solutions that build trust in the converging worlds of physical-world payments, digital payments and cybersecurity. Building upon a foundation of products that ensure payments are convenient, safe and secure, the C&I team’s remit is rapidly expanding to include new technologies such as artificial intelligence, digital identity and cybersecurity. Our customers include issuers, acquirers, merchants, processors, governments and consumers. We continue to create competitive advantage for Mastercard organically through the innovation of new solutions and inorganically through acquisitions.
 
 
The Platform Strategy team plays a critical role in defining, building and managing the shared services and capabilities across the Cyber and Intelligence business unit. We publish and promote common design principles that make our services reusable, easier to bundle, and quicker to market. We provide frameworks and guidance for important architectural concepts like API, Cloud and Data Modelling. Finally, we help synchronize product & technology roadmaps across our entire business, making sure that the individual pieces come together seamlessly to support the C&I Strategy.
 
 
This role works directly with the Platform Leads and other C&I Leaders to help formulate strategy and more importantly, take strategy-to-action. They will be responsible for driving the tactical execution of things such as Multi-Rail, M&A Integration, and building the long-term platform roadmap, to name a few. This will require clearly defined outcomes, action plans, and KPIs across all our strategic objectives. This person will also play a key role in establishing a more regular interaction model between C&I Platform, C&I Product, and our various acquisitions. An ability to bring people together, bridge organizational boundaries, and promote synergies amongst disparate product & engineering teams is a must in this position. Finally, this person will manage the overall operations and reporting of the Platform Strategy team, establishing and running regular review sessions, driving action items across the team, and reporting on our internal objectives and KPIs.
 
 
All About You:
 
 
 Ability to manage and influence across all levels and within a complex environment
 Solid mix of business and technical acumen, with an ability to translate between the two
 Strong analytical skills, with ability to articulate outcomes, solutions and strategies from the data
 Comfortable with ambiguity and a changing environment; able to drive clarity and understanding into complex issues
 Strong written, presentation and verbal communications skills
 Demonstrated knowledge of our Cyber and Security product suite
 Project / Program Management experience a plus
 Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.
 Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact  reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com  and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly. MasterCard 12 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Platform Manager jobs in Purchase, NY Jobs at MasterCard in Purchase, NY Platform Manager salaries in Purchase, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from MasterCard MasterCard 622 reviews Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry. We operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connectin... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
