
 
 
 
 Procurement Officer [Temporary] - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Procurement Officer [Temporary] United Nations 814 reviews New York, NY Temporary United Nations 814 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description This position is located in the Technology & Infrastructure Support Service, Procurement Division (PD), Office of Supply Chain Management (OSCM), Department of Operational Support (DOS). 
 
The Department of Operational Support was established to provide operational advisory services to operating entities across the Secretariat, including other departments, offices away- from headquarters, field missions, and regional commissions.
 
 
The Office of Supply Chain Management includes the Office of the Assistant Secretary-General for Supply Chain Management, Logistics Division, the Procurement Division, the Uniformed Capabilities Support Division, Umoja Coordination Service, Global Service Centre, Aviation Safety Section and the Enabling and Outreach Service. 
 
The mandate of the Procurement Division is to provide responsive, effective, and quality expert procurement services and business advice to United Nations (UN) Headquarters, field missions, and other UN organizations, while achieving best value for money, ensuring a competitive, fair and transparent process in accordance with established regulations, rules and procedures.
 
 
The incumbent will report to the Team Leader, Managed Services Team.
 Responsibilities
 Within delegated authority and depending on location, the Procurement Officer may be responsible for the following duties: 
 
 Plans, develops and manages all procurement and contractual aspects of projects of significant complexity related to worldwide procurement of diverse services (e.g. financial services, professional services and other corporate support services etc.), taking into account local economic and other conditions. Advises requisitioning units and recipient entities on the full range of procurement issues, providing support and guidance at all stage of the procurement cycle.
 Prepares/oversees preparation and distribution of invitations to tender and manages/conducts all aspects of bid/proposal evaluations. Formulates strategies and designs innovative solutions to resolve issues/conflicts for complex procurement projects. Establishes and maintains work program and schedule for ongoing contracts and newly planned ones.
 Participates in negotiations with senior supplier representatives; signs procurement orders up to the authorized limit, and, in cases where the amount exceeds authorized signature authority, prepares submissions to the Contracts Committee for review and subsequent approval by the authorized official. Conducts market research to keep abreast of market developments; researches and analyzes statistical data and market reports on the world commodity situation, production patterns and availability of good and services. Identifies new technologies, and products/services, evaluates and recommends potential supply sources and participates in the incorporation of research results into the procurement program. Oversees adherence to contractual agreements, recommends amendments and extensions of contracts, and advises concerned parties on contractual rights and obligations. Prepares a variety of procurement-related documents, contracts, communications, guidelines, instructions, etc. Provides guidance to, and may supervise, new/junior staff.
 Competencies
 • PROFESSIONALISM: Knowledge of internationally recognized procurement standards and of all phases of international procurement techniques and operations used in contracting for a diverse range of goods and services. Knowledge of contract law and expertise in handling complex contract issues. Knowledge of quantitative methods to measure supplier capacity systems and ability to identify sources of supply, market trends and pricing. Ability to shape and influence agreements with requisitioning units and vendors. Ability to apply technical expertise to resolve a range of issues/problems. Shows pride in work and in achievements; demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter; is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results; is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns; shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges; remains calm in stressful situations. Takes responsibility for incorporating gender perspectives and ensuring the equal participation of women and men in all areas of work. 
 
 PLANNING AND ORGANIZING: Develops clear goals that are consistent with agreed strategies; identifies priority activities and assignments; adjusts priorities as required; allocates appropriate amount of time and resources for completing work; foresees risks and allows for contingencies when planning; monitors and adjusts plans and actions as necessary; uses time efficiently. 
 CLIENT ORIENTATION: Considers all those to whom services are provided to be "clients" and seeks to see things from clients' point of view; establishes and maintains productive partnerships with clients by gaining their trust and respect; identifies clients' needs and matches them to appropriate solutions; monitors ongoing developments inside and outside the clients' environment to keep informed and anticipate problems; keeps clients informed of progress or setbacks in projects; meets timeline for delivery of products or services to client.
 Education
 An advanced university degree (Master's degree or equivalent degree) in business administration, public administration, commerce, engineering, law or a related field. A first level university degree in combination with two additional years of qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree. 
 
Professional certification, such as Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply certification (CIPS Level 4) or another equivalent is desirable.
 Work Experience
 A minimum of five years of progressively responsible experience in procurement, contract management, contract administration or logistics and supply chain management or related area is required. 
A minimum of two consecutive years of experience in conducting international tender exercises to award contracts for procurement of corporate support services during the last five years is required. 
Experience in public sector procurement processes and procedures is desirable. 
Experience in the use of procurement information systems such as SAP is desirable. 
Experience in the procurement process and procedures supporting the implementation of the programmes and operations of the United Nations field missions, the United Nations Common System or other comparable international organization is desirable. 
Experience in sourcing, cleaning and preparing data, selection and developing visualization/metrics in transportation, procurement, and/or supply chain management that enable easy communication/interpretation by the users is desirable.
 Languages
 English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For the post advertised, fluency in English is required. Knowledge of another official United Nations language is an advantage.
 Assessment
 Evaluation of qualified candidates may include an assessment exercise which may be followed by competency-based interview.
 Special Notice
 • This position is temporarily available as soon as possible through 31 December 2021, with a possibility of an extension. If the selected candidate is a staff member from the United Nations Secretariat, the selection will be administered as a temporary assignment. 
 
 This position is vacant due to the temporary assignment of the regular incumbent to another office/organization. The selection and extension of appointment of the selected candidate will be contingent on the return of the incumbent who maintains a lien against this post. 
 A current staff member who holds a fixed-term, permanent or continuing appointment may apply for temporary positions no more than one level above his or her current grade. However, a current staff member who holds an appointment at the G-6 or G-7 level may also apply to temporary positions in the Professional category up to and including the P-3 level, subject to meeting all eligibility and other requirements for the position. In accordance with ST/AI/1999/17 section 2.3, an SPA may only be granted to one level higher than the personal level of the staff member assigned to higher-level functions in his or her own category, whether the higher-level functions are one or several levels higher than the personal level of the staff member. Staff in the General Service and related categories temporarily placed 
against a post at the Professional level may receive an SPA to the P-1 or P-2 level. 
 
 A staff member holding a temporary appointment shall be regarded as an external candidate when applying for other positions, and may apply for other temporary positions at any level, subject to section 5.7 of ST/AI/2010/4 Rev. 1. below and staff rule 4.16 (b) (ii). For full information on eligibility requirements, please refer to section 5 of ST/AI/2010/4Rev.1 on Temporary Appointments. 
 While this temporary assignment may provide the successful applicant with an opportunity to gain new work experience, the selection for this position is for a limited period and has no bearing on the future incumbency of the post. An external candidate selected for this position is bound by the prevailing condition of the staff selection system under ST/AI/2010/3, as amended, and ST/AI/2010/4/Rev.1. A staff member holding a temporary appointment who is recruited in the Professional and above categories on a temporary appointment, and placed on a position authorized for one year or longer may not apply for or be reappointed to his/her current position within six months of the end of his/her current service. This provision does not apply to staff members holding temporary appointments and placed on positions authorized for one year or more in duty stations authorized for peacekeeping operations or special political missions. 
 Subject to the funding source of the position, the eligibility for this temporary job opening may be limited to candidates based at the duty station. 
 This temporary job opening may be limited to "internal candidates," who have been recruited through a competitive examination administered according to staff rule 4.16 or staff selection process including the review of a central review body established according to staff rule 4.15. 
 For information on special post allowance, please refer to ST/AI/1999/17. 
 For more details on the administration of temporary appointments please refer to ST/AI/2010/4/Rev.1. 
 The Staff Regulations, Staff Rules and administrative issuances governing staff appointments can be viewed at: http://www.un.org/hr_handbook/English 
 Staff members of the United Nations common system organizations who will reach the mandatory age of separation or retirement within the duration of the current temporary need period are not eligible to apply. Submitting an application or selection for the current temporary job opening does not delay or increase the mandatory age of separation. 
 Retirees above the mandatory age of separation who wish to be considered for the current temporary job opening must indicate the reason for their last separation as "retirement." Such retirees shall not be employed by the Organization, unless (a) the operational requirements of the Organization cannot be met by staff members who are qualified and available to perform the required functions; and (b) the proposed employment would not adversely affect the career development or redeployment opportunities of other staff members and represents both a cost-effective and operationally sound solution to meet the needs of the service. 
 The United Nations Secretariat is committed to achieving 50/50 gender balance and geographical diversity in its staff. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position. 
 Pursuant to section 7.11 of ST/AI/2012/2/Rev.1, candidates recruited through the young professionals programme who have not served for a minimum of two years in the position of their initial assignment are not eligible to apply to this position. 
 At the United Nations, the paramount consideration in the recruitment and employment of staff is the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity, with due regard to geographic diversity. All employment decisions are made on the basis of qualifications and organizational needs. The United Nations is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment of mutual respect. The United Nations recruits and employs staff regardless of gender identity, sexual orientation, race, religious, cultural and ethnic backgrounds or disabilities. Reasonable accommodation for applicants with disabilities may be provided to support participation in the recruitment process when requested and indicated in the application.
 United Nations Considerations
 According to article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter of the United Nations, the paramount consideration in the employment of the staff is the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity. Candidates will not be considered for employment with the United Nations if they have committed violations of international human rights law, violations of international humanitarian law, sexual exploitation, sexual abuse, or sexual harassment, or if there are reasonable grounds to believe that they have been involved in the commission of any of these acts. The term “sexual exploitation” means any actual or attempted abuse of a position of vulnerability, differential power, or trust, for sexual purposes, including, but not limited to, profiting monetarily, socially or politically from the sexual exploitation of another. The term “sexual abuse” means the actual or threatened physical intrusion of a sexual nature, whether by force or under unequal or coercive conditions. The term “sexual harassment” means any unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature that might reasonably be expected or be perceived to cause offence or humiliation, when such conduct interferes with work, is made a condition of employment or creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment, and when the gravity of the conduct warrants the termination of the perpetrator’s working relationship. Candidates who have committed crimes other than minor traffic offences may not be considered for employment. 
 
Due regard will be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on as wide a geographical basis as possible. The United Nations places no restrictions on the eligibility of men and women to participate in any capacity and under conditions of equality in its principal and subsidiary organs. The United Nations Secretariat is a non-smoking environment. 
 
The paramount consideration in the appointment, transfer, or promotion of staff shall be the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity. By accepting an offer of appointment, United Nations staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and assignment by him or her to any activities or offices of the United Nations in accordance with staff regulation 1.2 (c). In this context, all internationally recruited staff members shall be required to move periodically to discharge new functions within or across duty stations under conditions established by the Secretary-General.
 
 
Applicants are urged to follow carefully all instructions available in the online recruitment platform, inspira. For more detailed guidance, applicants may refer to the Manual for the Applicant, which can be accessed by clicking on “Manuals” hyper-link on the upper right side of the inspira account-holder homepage. 
 
The evaluation of applicants will be conducted on the basis of the information submitted in the application according to the evaluation criteria of the job opening and the applicable internal legislations of the United Nations including the Charter of the United Nations, resolutions of the General Assembly, the Staff Regulations and Rules, administrative issuances and guidelines. Applicants must provide complete and accurate information pertaining to their personal profile and qualifications according to the instructions provided in inspira to be considered for the current job opening. No amendment, addition, deletion, revision or modification shall be made to applications that have been submitted. Candidates under serious consideration for selection will be subject to reference checks to verify the information provided in the application. 
 
Job openings advertised on the Careers Portal will be removed at 11:59 p.m. (New York time) on the deadline date.
 No Fee
 THE UNITED NATIONS DOES NOT CHARGE A FEE AT ANY STAGE OF THE RECRUITMENT PROCESS (APPLICATION, INTERVIEW MEETING, PROCESSING, OR TRAINING). THE UNITED NATIONS DOES NOT CONCERN ITSELF WITH INFORMATION ON APPLICANTS’ BANK ACCOUNTS. United Nations Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Procurement Specialist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at United Nations in New York, NY Procurement Specialist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from United Nations United Nations 814 reviews The United Nations is an international organization founded in 1945 after the Second World War by 51 countries committed to maintaining i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
