
 
 
 
 Program Director - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Director Microsoft 7,268 reviews United States Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ***** We are currently hiring multiple Program Directors within Microsoft US Consulting Services ***** 
Microsoft is on a mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us to achieve our mission. 
Microsoft Consulting Services helps Microsoft customers around the world achieve the best outcomes from their investments in the latest Microsoft cloud technologies. We focus on empowering customers on their digital journey, from envisioning new possibilities to delivering solutions that result in targeted business outcomes and a great customer experience. 
The Program Director working closely with customer leadership enables both Microsoft and Customer outcomes through orchestration of delivery teams. The Program Director is responsible for Microsoft Consulting Services largest and most complex global programs across the delivery lifecycle, using their executive expertise to remove barriers and deliver successful outcomes. 
The Program Director is a key Microsoft Consulting Services role responsible for leading a successful customer engagement, maintaining program health, and leading a team of delivery professionals. 
The selected  Program Director  candidate will: 
Demonstrate proven leadership skills, with intuitive people skills and a strategic mindset. 
Have a proven track record of supporting the presales efforts and subsequently successful end to end delivery of multi-million-dollar ($30M+) programs. 
Have a proven successful track record delivering complex programs, within a global community to realize customers digital transformation objectives. 
Have a proven track record in leading successful recovery efforts on programs that are failing to deliver on customer outcomes. 
Ability to communicate and drive consensus at the highest level of an organization
 We are a team of exceptional people who deliver world-class professional consulting services in the most challenging of scenarios. We earn customer confidence, trust, and loyalty by improving the overall customer and partner experience. 
Responsibilities 
As a member of the Azure Cloud and AI team you are expected to: 
Provide leadership and direction to orchestrate the overall delivery of highly complex global programs.
 Steers the customer through complexity by providing clarity and keeping the ultimate customer business outcome as the primary goal. Anticipates, understands, and responds to the needs of our customers by acting as the “Voice of the Customer” during delivery. 
Demonstrate proven experience to foster and manage successful relationships with senior executive stakeholders aligning expectations and achieving successful program outcomes. 
Lead effective executive stakeholder management practices. 
Partnering with Microsoft Area Account teams, drive Customer Steering Committees to successful outcomes. 
Orchestrates the delivery ecosystem across a varied environment of technology and partners, connecting cross-functional, global, and virtual project teams to deliver a successful program. 
Hold a solid understanding of business financial practices and a deep understanding of program financials, proactively oversees robust financial governance. 
Manages and facilitates client problem and solution escalation process serving as a liaison with Microsoft Senior Leadership to ensure effective resolution. 
Role model our Leadership principles demonstrating allyship and creating an inclusive environment oriented to trust, accountability, open communication, and creative thinking. 
Continually demonstrate a growth mindset, acquiring new skills whilst maintaining your development and adaptability. 
Ongoing demonstration of thought leadership and presence in WW project and program management professional communities, both internally and externally. 
Travel can vary based on country and customer locations and may be up to 80%. 
You will participate as part of an integrated team responsible for: 
Champion Cloud Consumption by partnering across organizational units to create a One Microsoft experience for our customers, while seeking opportunities in delivery to maximize our customer and Microsoft business goals. 
Demonstrate a high level of political sensitivity in anticipating customer reactions and partnering across organizations to effectively mitigate, evaluate and resolve customer requests or concerns. 
Identifying further opportunities to maximize the customers investment or progress towards further desired business outcomes. 
Demonstrate analytical thinking into achieving even greater benefits and share insights, customer experiences and lessons learned into Microsoft Leadership, driving a cycle of continuous improvement, evolving our engagement with customers. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Participation in the pre-sales process - approximately 10% of the time. 
Program execution - approximately 80% of the time. 
Building capability in Microsoft Project Management - approximately 10% of the time 
Additional  Responsibilities: 
Intellectual Property 
Leads others in the use of intellectual property (IP) by providing recommendations for improvement including submitting new IP, contributing to complex IP, and driving standardization across IP ( e.g., statements of work [SOWs], work breakdown structures [WBS] by enforcing use of processes and artifacts with team members. Structures projects considering IP reuse from the beginning.
  Relationship Development 
Engages senior internal and external stakeholders (e.g., Chief Executive-level executives) as a peer with deep subject matter expertise. Prevents and manages complex escalations through strategic and targeted communications with Chief Executive-level executives and delivers difficult messages as needed. Leverages brokering skills to assist other project managers in strategic communications. Collaborates with internal teams to manage overall customer relationships and plan mitigation strategies as needed. 
Drives customer satisfaction by representing Microsoft to senior customer stakeholders (e.g., Chief Executive-level, analyzing customer feedback, and leveraging trusted relationships with senior and executive leaders to act as the voice of the customer and ensure resolution of challenged deliveries. Manages expectations with a high level of political sensitivity by anticipating customer reactions, interpreting small signals, and taking proactive steps accordingly. 
Adheres to project compliance standards (e.g., confidentiality, privacy) and requirements of the contract and accommodates customer compliance standards, including managing compliance-related complexities (e.g., high sensitivity to confidentiality). Champions compliance by driving knowledge sharing across geographies to build compliance capability of others. 
 Initiation
 Drives project initiation for projects of extremely high complexity (e.g., high profile, visible worldwide impact, extremely high impact, market making) by driving commitment of delivery resources, assigning resources across workstreams, and creating complex work breakdown structures (WBSs) with delivery team. 
Balances needs across projects in challenging situations (e.g., scarce technical resources) and collaborates with other groups (e.g., Independent Software Vendors, India Global Delivery) on integrated planning and organization of onshore/offshore projects.
  Contracting 
Oversees contracting process for partner resources (e.g., contractors, vendors) by providing input in partner briefings, partner candidate interviews, and identification and acclimation of partner resources to the team. Oversees negotiation and structuring of fixed-fee subcontractor contracts. 
 Presales 
Leads pre-sales process for extremely high-impact projects by articulating the business value proposition associated with the project/change, evaluating associated complexities and risks to ensure feasibility of commercial offer, and reviewing work of peers for quality. Participates in review of proposed scope and assists in developing Statement of Work (SOW), Work Breakdown Structures (WBSs), estimates, preliminary risk assessments, etc. 
 Planning 
Oversees and provides input into the development of detailed project management plan to drive predictable delivery for the largest, most complex, and critical projects, leveraging deep expertise and experience and to drive scope, resources, and Microsoft project schedule in alignment and collaboration with customer plan. Drives overall strategy for project delivery and trains Microsoft and customer teams to proactively manage change as needed. Ensures use of baselining, resource load balancing, and application of work effort, dependency management, contingency planning, and utilization of software (e.g., Timeline). 
Establishes clear expectations and accountabilities (e.g., reconfirm scope, Responsible-Accountable-Consulted-Informed matrix) with all project team members (e.g., consultants) and stakeholders, as well as other Consulting Project Managers, for teams of high complexity by leading internal and external kick-off meetings (e.g., sales to delivery handoff, formal kick-off meetings). May act as a lead project manager. Proactively engages broad set of internal and external stakeholders, including those who are impacted by project scope/outcome, but not directly involved (e.g., Enterprise Operating Unit, India Global Delivery, customer stakeholders) and engages subject matter experts in holistic planning activities, including team validation. 
Monitoring and Controlling 
Orchestrates and oversees a broad range of project metrics on the largest, most complex projects with extremely high visibility (e.g., Vice President-level, global impact) through others. Proactively ensures adherence to key performance indicators (KPIs) and provides strategic direction to drive success and adapts to high-impact changes throughout project lifecycle.
 Oversees and proactively manages risks and issues within and projects of extremely high complexity, leveraging previous experience and subject matter expertise to evaluate trends in risks and optimize mitigation strategies across projects for high-impact risk scenarios using qualitative analyses (e.g., probability, impact, urgency) mitigation plan for high impact/probability risks. Leads critical recoveries and engages in resolving escalations across other critical projects and ensures tools are updated. Manages issue closure as a high priority and utilizes contingency planning to proactively respond when risks become issues. 
Ensures timely completion and quality of deliverables (e.g., documents) and tracking of agreed upon metrics across the largest, most complex, and critical projects by applying quality management techniques for collecting data (e.g., benchmarking, interviews), monitoring output and implementing corrective action while proactively ensuring time and resources needed to mitigate quality risks. Manages Conditions of Satisfaction (COSs) to create required deliverables. Contributes across projects to provide peer guidance where needed. 
Discusses and confirms customer change control at kickoff, anticipates changes and proactively addresses by probing to ensure change can happen smoothly early in the process, tests process before initiating formal change.
 Manages finances for high-impact projects with large, complex scopes and budgets by balancing funding and resources across workstreams, performing deep analyses, and leveraging Conditions of Satisfaction (COSs) management experience and expertise. Proactively aims to reduce COSs and improve delivery margin without impact to quality or customer experience and understands impact of decisions on the broader business (e.g., profits and losses [P&L], accrual-based accounting). 
Manages stakeholder communications with Chief Executive-level executives on project health, issues, and financial performance for large, complex deals throughout entire project lifecycle, tailoring communications to the audience, anticipating stakeholder requirements and adapting the plan accordingly. Establishes formal rhythms to ensure tracking and maintenance of customer deliverables and collect and report status with all important stakeholders. Produces executive summaries and presents to executive audiences. 
 Closure 
Drives timely project closure by ensuring completion of project sign off tasks (e.g., system closeout updates, deletion of customer data, Deliverable Acceptance Form). Drives incremental process improvement by reflecting on and broadly sharing lessons learned (e.g., leading transformative projects, sharing stories with executives, developing case studies). Creates and suggests improvements to intellectual property (IP), provides feedback to managers on team member performance, and conducts closeout interviews with team members. 
Contributes across domains, regions and/or world-wide levels to share knowledge, support others (e.g., Ready), and impact industry. Drives development and delivery of readiness programs (e.g., workshops, conferences). 
 Other 
Embody our culture and values 
Qualifications 
Required/Minimum Qualifications 
Bachelor's Degree in related field AND 5+ years experience in project or program management 
OR Master's Degree in related field AND 4+ years experience in project or program management
 OR Doctorate Degree in related field AND 5+ years experience in project or program management
 OR equivalent experience. 
Ability to travel up to 80%, as the needs of the business demand 
5+ years of experience managing large/complex and diverse global teams of up to 50+ team members 
5 years of experience in program recovery 
Program Management experience on large projects of $30M+ 
Preferred Qualifications: 
10-15 years minimum program management experience on large/complex Projects ($30M+ in budget) 
Solid track record of achieving revenue and profit margin goals while leading multiple client projects of complex program scope and duration. 
Track record of achieving high level of customer satisfaction during the project execution. Customer centric focused on business successful outcomes 
Proven ability to build trusted relationships at the client executive level. 
Ability to effectively manage and resolve client escalations in an expedient manner. 
Perceived expert SME within external program management communities. Actively involved in driving thought leadership to effectively drive latest best in class practices. 
Extensive experience leading projects using Agile methodology and DevOps tool 
Experience in program recovery as required. 
Experience in managing large/complex and diverse global teams (50+ team members across business and technical roles) 
Demonstrated ability to foster teamwork, collaboration through effective change management and common vision 
Education: 
Preferred higher education (Doctorate, Masters or Bachelor’s degree) however IT background experience and 15 years+ of Program Management and the ability to drive impact, is key. 
Required Certification: 
Professional Project/Program Management Accreditation (PMP Preferred) -PMP Certification would need to be completed in the following 12 months of employment 
Agile or Scrum Master Certification 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in United States Jobs at Microsoft in United States Program Director salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
