
 
 
 
 Software Engineer 2 - San Jose, CA 95131 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer 2 PayPal 1,491 reviews San Jose, CA 95131 Full-time PayPal 1,491 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are:  At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives. We’re a purpose-driven company, and our beliefs are the foundation of how we conduct business every day. We’re guided by our core values of Inclusion, Innovation, Collaboration, and Wellness. Collectively, these values inspire us to work together as One Team with our customers at the center of everything we do, and to take care of ourselves, each other, and the communities in which we live and work. We challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. Join us as we enable the hopes, dreams, and ambitions of millions of people around the world.
 
 Job Description Summary:  Risk Payments Engineering team is responsible for Risk decision, fraud detection, risk management decision. Transaction Risk is one of PayPal’s core competencies and is a key contributor to the company’s profitability and the customer value proposition. The GEO Risk team is responsible for the global approach to assessing various risks PayPal takes on and the treatments, actions and experiences triggered by the results of the Risk assessment and used by PayPal to control losses. Our solutions need to scale across millions of partner, merchant & customer interactions, integrating with various APIs in real time providing high availability and configurability to the business. To achieve this, we are always looking at advances in technology and science and tying those back to business needs.
 
 Job Description: 
We are looking for a talented Senior Software Engineer to help us strengthen our world class risk prevention and mitigation systems in order to successfully combat cybercrime. Risk Marketplace Engineering team is responsible for fraud detection, risk management and regulatory compliance services across PayPal - globally. We design, develop, enhance and support services that get called across every interaction between Users, Partners and PayPal. To achieve this we are always looking at advances in technology likes AI, Machine learning and data science and tying those back to business needs. In this versatile role, you will be responsible for helping shape the future of mission critical risk systems. You will be collaborating closely with engineering, product and operations to design and develop features for our highly complex and heavily distributed risk environment. Our engineers build strong competencies in data structures and algorithms, along with a deep understanding of business processes.
 
For more than 20 years, PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 400 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying, or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.
 
PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Paypal Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at PayPal in San Jose, CA Senior Software Engineer salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PayPal PayPal 1,491 reviews Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
