
 
 
 
 Inside Sales Representative - Global - Morrisville, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Inside Sales Representative - Global Lenovo 1,107 reviews Morrisville, NC Full-time Lenovo 1,107 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Why Work at Lenovo
 Here at Lenovo, we believe in smarter technology for all, so we spend our time building a society that’s brighter and more inclusive. 
And we go big. No, not big—huge. 
We’re not just a Fortune Global 500 company, we’re one of Fortune’s Most Admired. We’re in 180 markets, working with 63,000 brilliant colleagues and counting. And we’re known for the world’s most complete portfolio of smart technology, from devices to software to infrastructure. 
With our ingenuity, we help millions—not just the select few—experience our version of a smarter future. 
The one thing that’s missing? Well… you... 
 Description and Requirements
 Who You’ll Work With: 
We manufacture one of the world’s most extensive portfolios of connected products, including: PCs (ThinkPad, Yoga, Lenovo Legion), tablets, smartphones and workstations; as well as augmented and virtual reality (ThinkReality), smart home office solutions, software and services. In this role you will be supporting our Intelligent Device Group (IDG). The IDG at Lenovo houses our PC and Smart Devices. We combine investment in high-growth segments (workstations, gaming, visuals, thin and light devices) with new innovation in the smart device categories and continue to explore new opportunities across AR/VR, artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), security and as-a-service solutions. 
About Our Team: 
At Lenovo, our success is rooted in our culture and our people. Our culture defines us...it's our DNA. We call it the "We Are Lenovo" culture and it's the values we share and the business practices we deploy. It's how we address our day-to-day commitments. 
 
Our culture is what has enabled us to consistently raise the bar on delivering both an exceptional customer and employee experience, break-through innovations, award-winning designs, and strong financial performance. As an employee, you will have the opportunity to work amongst a diverse and creative team committed to driving change; who pride themselves in achieving aspirations together and who are passionate philanthropists. We are seeking enthusiastic, career-minded professionals to join our Inside Sales Team. The ideal Inside Sales Account Representative will be aggressive, goal-oriented, articulate, and possess sound phone and video conferencing skills. A strong personality with the desire to reach high performance goals is a must. 
 
What You'll Do: 
The representative will support Fortune 100 conglomerates in the Technology Vertical within the Global Sector. This position will be responsible for uncovering opportunities within whitespace subsidiaries and owning them end-to-end, strategically positioning the full portfolio of Lenovo products and solutions, and selling against the competition. In addition, the representative will configure, price, negotiate, and quote sales solutions as well as provide proactive follow-up, product information, and overall account support via phone and video conferencing platforms. 
Position Requirements: 
Each skill below has been assigned a requested proficiency level by hiring manager. 
 
The level ranges from 1-5 (low to high): 
 Self confident and assertive 5 Strong organizational and planning skills 5 Ability to penetrate, acquire and transition opportunities 5 Communication skills (verbal/written/listening) 5 IT industry knowledge 4 Computer based program usage 4 Ability to learn and present hardware portfolio 5 Ability to plan strategically and improve profitability 5 Leads by example for the We Are Lenovo culture (on team and across floor) 4 Thought leadership- Creates and executes on new ideas and projects to implement within the Inside organization 4 
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any federal, state, or local protected class. Lenovo 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Inside Sales Representative jobs in Morrisville, NC Jobs at Lenovo in Morrisville, NC Inside Sales Representative salaries in Morrisville, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lenovo Lenovo 1,107 reviews Here at Lenovo, we believe in smarter technology for all, so we spend our time building a society that’s brighter and more inclusive. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
