
 
 
 
 Scientist - Melbourne, FL 32940 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Scientist ENSCO, Inc. 43 reviews Melbourne, FL 32940 Full-time ENSCO, Inc. 43 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
 ENSCO, Inc., is seeking a Scientist to support Air Force and other customers who will work closely with a team of scientists and analysts. The work is mission critical and involves solving real-world problems. The position will entail: 
Conducting data analysis using acoustic propagation modeling tools to characterize environmental effects as driven by ground properties, topography, and the atmospheric state from the troposphere up to within the thermosphere, with an emphasis on lower frequency bands (infrasound and audible). 
Comparing propagation model predictions with observations on sensor networks and supporting the development of new modeling capabilities. 
Applying expertise in algorithm development, data analysis and signal processing in the time and frequency domains to evaluate acoustic generation, environmental sensitivities, and model performance. 
 Qualifications Required (Skills) 
 BS or equivalent; minimum 3 years relevant experience in Acoustics, Physics, Engineering, related field or equivalent. 
Familiarity with environmental models, numerical methods, and wave physics. 
Demonstrated experience with physics-based modeling through interpreting predictions, comparing with observations, and evaluating performance. 
Demonstrated proficiency with MATLAB scientific analysis software. 
Demonstrated experience in signal processing, including spectral analysis and cross-correlation techniques. 
Observational experience interpreting measured waveform data and ability to distinguish signals from background noise. 
Ability to work in a team environment and as a self-starter. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
Technical skills to understand and analyze problems, define potential solutions, and conduct in-depth technical analysis, assessments, and trades, and assist in explaining results of technical studies in team meetings, public forums such as conferences, and to non-expert customers. 
Able to assimilate complex scientific data from disparate sources and analyze results. 
Experience with Microsoft Office, including scientific applications using Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. 
Working knowledge of a scientific programming language such as Python, C, or Fortran. 
Working knowledge of Windows and Unix/Linux operating systems. 
Recent grads with experience in digital signal processing and comparing model to experimental results and skills in related coursework/research are welcome to apply. 
ABILITY TO OBTAIN A TS/SCI CLEARANCE, FOR WHICH YOU MUST BE A U.S. CITIZEN. IF YOU DO NOT MEET THIS REQUIREMENT, YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED 
 Qualifications Desired 
 MS or PhD in Acoustics, Physics, Engineering, or related field. 
Experience with atmospheric and wave propagation models and their applications. 
Familiarity with acoustic propagation in the atmosphere over local, regional, and long distances from tens to thousands of kilometers. 
Working knowledge of geospatial layering and visualization software. 
Experience in the design, execution, and data post-processing of field experiments, including the collection of ground truth and associating it with measurements. 
 
#LI-WL1 
 Req ID 
 2588BR 
 Internal Position Title 
 Scientist III 
 Employment Status 
 Regular Full-time
 U.S. Citizenship 
 Yes 
 Background Check Type 
 7 year
 Drug Screen Type 
 None 
 Export Control and Licensing 
 None 
 Contract Award Contingency 
 Yes 
 Recruiter 
 Wanda Long 
 Benefit Highlights 
 Annual education tuition reimbursement 401(k) Plan with 2.5% dollar-for-dollar company match in first year of employment, and up to 6% company match thereafter Medical, dental and vision insurance Spending Accounts – FSA, Dependent Care FSA, and HSA Leave available for holidays, bereavement, jury duty, military service, family medical leave, and as required by State law Paid Time Off 100% Company paid Employee Assistance Program and life, disability, accidental death and dismemberment, business travel accident, and professional liability insurance (employee only) Other voluntary programs, including supplemental life, auto and home insurance, and legal program Computer purchase discount Recognition and reward programs Patent awards Technical paper awards for presentations and publications Recruitment awards Length of service awards Community service recognition 
 Division Description 
 The National Security Solutions (NSS) Division focuses on solutions for the toughest problems in defense, intelligence, and homeland security missions. NSS employees leverage a multi-disciplinary team approach to these challenging scientific and technical problems in complex operational environments. Our areas of expertise include sensor development and integration; radio frequency, cyber, and position, navigation, and timing systems; counter-weapons of mass destruction capabilities including chemical and biological, geophysical phenomenology; modeling, and simulation. We use the latest technology in our work, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, data science, high performance computing, digital signal processing, and advanced hardware and software development. 
 Strength in Diversity 
 ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law. ENSCO, Inc. 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Melbourne, FL Jobs at ENSCO in Melbourne, FL Scientist salaries in Melbourne, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from ENSCO, Inc. ENSCO, Inc. 43 reviews ENSCO, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries represent a $140 million international technology enterprise, headquartered in the Washing... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
