
 
 
 
 Technical Sourcing Recruiter - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technical Sourcing Recruiter Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Remote Remote $52,800 a year  -   Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $52,800 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience 
 2 + years of corporate and/or search firm experience 
 Experience building and utilizing a variety of sourcing plans and tools, including proactive phone and internet research 
 Experience recruiting passive candidates and building networks 
 CRM/ATS experience with sourcing, tracking and managing candidates 
 MS Office experience, including Word, Excel, and Outlook 
 Experience managing and prioritizing multiple searches, projects and client relationships 
 
Amazon's Alexa Recruiting organization is seeking a talented, customer focused Technical Sourcing Recruiter with a passion for delighting both their clients and candidates. You will work with a close-knit, high performing technical recruiting team supporting the Alexa AI teams. This position focuses on driving candidate generation strategies in an effort to engage technical and non-technical candidates. This is a great opportunity to be part of a team that is making an impact on the business by recruiting for innovative technical talent. Successful Technical Sourcers on this team utilize their experience in setting benchmarks, forecasting and tracking against metrics, and prioritizing to hit customer SLAs. They thrive in an innovative, fast-paced environment, can roll up their sleeves, work hard, and have fun to get the job done. They draw on extensive knowledge of Talent Acquisition and functional areas of the business, forging dynamic relationships with business leaders and hiring managers.
 
Key job responsibilities
 Successful candidate on Alexa AI recruiting team utilize their experience to build candidate pipelines utilizing non-traditional sources for technical and non-technical roles, assessing fit and being able to share business compelling story and Employee Value Proposition (EVP).
 
About the team
 The team is a fun recruiting team that is incredibly driven and collaborate with a growing business where you can make a big impact, innovate, and be a part of something big for Amazon. Your work is valued as much as your life outside of work.
 
Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records
 
 
 Superior written and verbal communication skills 
 A demonstrated passion for technical recruiting and has customer obsession. 
 Attention to detail with exceptional analytical and process management skills with a data driven approach when it comes to reporting techniques 
 Skilled at partnering with hiring teams to build effective sourcing, assessment, and closing approaches with an ability to manage customer expectations 
 Strong technical sourcing skills with a track record of implementing innovative and effective strategies for sourcing passive candidates 
 Focus on results, ability to drive the recruiting process and provide responsive follow-up to both candidates and hiring teams 
 
 For Colorado-based jobs:  This position starts at $52,800/year. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site.
 
 For virtual jobs where work can be performed in Colorado:  For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $52,800/year. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. For more information regarding Amazon benefits, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/benefits. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site Amazon.com 4 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technical Recruiter jobs in Remote Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Remote Technical Recruiter salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
