
 
 
 
 Senior Manager-Relationship Management - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager-Relationship Management Amex 8,187 reviews New York, NY Amex 8,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back. 
 
 At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible - and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way. When you join #TeamAmex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. 
 
 With digital giants making inroads into the global payments industry and technology transforming how digital information is shared and managed, data is emerging as a focal point in negotiations with our strategic partners. 
 As such, American Express must continue to advance its overall data strategy to keep pace in the emerging data economy; this role is part of the  Enterprise Data Partnership Strategy  team, which is tasked with driving data sharing principles and identifying opportunities to monetize and protect Amex's data assets with external partners. 
 
   Key Roles & Responsibilities 
 Support deploying the Data Sharing Principles to empower the organization and evaluate new partnership opportunities more quickly. 
 Proactively advise internal business partners on data-driven initiatives for key strategic partnerships, products, and services with a focus on leveraging our data as a strategic asset.
 Evaluate data-sharing requests with a Framework to balance economic outcomes, value exchanges, and business impacts with the strategic deployment of AXP data. 
 Negotiate and influence cross-functional teams to ensure appropriate business alignment. 
 Perform internal and external benchmarking to articulate the value of Closed Loop data and define the Enterprise Data Sharing Framework through research and consultative engagement. 
 Provide thought leadership around how new technologies (such as Machine Learning/AI and blockchain) fit into our data sharing strategy; animate working groups, and help "connecting the dots" across the enterprise to drive and accelerate new initiatives. 
 Prepare and lead trainings to educate a wide range of audiences on the defined strategy and supporting processes. 
 
 We are looking for highly motivated individuals with strong partnership and strategy experience, who can support engagements with multiple business units across AXP with a wide array of data-sharing issues. 
 
 
Qualifications: 
 5+ years of related work experience 
 Previous consulting or strategy experience is strongly preferred 
 Exceptional interpersonal, communication, negotiation and influencing skills with the ability to work with stakeholders across different functions, colleagues at all levels, and with external partners 
 Experience with (or strong interest in) digital ecosystems, new data technologies, and blockchain 
 Experience in leading and driving projects with cross-functional teams 
 Excellent oral & communication skills, experience in presenting to a wide range of audiences 
 
 Depending on factors such as business unit requirements, the nature of the position, cost and applicable laws, American Express may provide visa sponsorship for certain positions. 
 
 American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law American Express Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Manager jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Amex in New York, NY Senior Manager salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amex Amex 8,187 reviews At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
