
 
 
 
 Program Director/Tenure Track Faculty Member of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (Tenure Track) - New York, NY 10016 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Program Director/Tenure Track Faculty Member of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (Tenure Track) Yeshiva University 92 reviews New York, NY 10016 Full-time, Tenure track Yeshiva University 92 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Full Job Description Program Director/Tenure Track Faculty Member of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (Tenure Track) 
 
Job No:  493192 
 Work Type:  Faculty Full-time 
 Department:  Katz School 
 Location:  Beren Campus, 245 Lexington Avenue, NY, NY 
 Categories:  Education/Teaching 
 
Position Summary:
 
 
The Katz School of Science and Health at Yeshiva University seeks a dynamic leader to serve as academic and administrative head of its graduate initiatives in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. This is a tenure eligible position depending on experience and qualifications. 
 
Given the multidisciplinary mission of the Katz School, there will be opportunities to collaborate on research and initiatives with colleagues from other fields and schools; for example, Biotech, Mathematics, Economics, CyberSecurity, Data and Privacy Law (at Cardozo School of Law), and YU's Innovation Lab. In particular, this is an opportunity for an entrepreneurial leader to take advantage of the University's extensive connections to Israel's startup community and groundbreaking work in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Biotech and Cybersecurity.
 
 
We offer an excellent compensation package, and a broad range of employee benefits, including immediate participation in the University's retirement plan. Compensation commensurate with experience. Relocation assistance may be provided. 
 
Position Responsibilities: 
 
 Provide transformative direction and oversight in teaching, research, and service 
 Lead curriculum development and assessment to ensure continuous program improvement 
 Lead faculty recruitment, evaluation, and development 
 Ensure student academic and professional success, securing internships and career opportunities 
 Support recruitment of highly qualified students, with an expectation of significant program growth 
 Collaborate with faculty and administrators across the university to identify shared goals, new programs and research collaborations 
 Create a culture of collegiality and shared governance 
 Raise the visibility of the Katz School 
 Establish partnerships with local, regional, national, and international organizations 
 Develop grants, contracts, and philanthropy 
 Manage budgets and resources 
 
 
Experience & Educational Background: 
 
 Ph.D. in Computer Science, AI, Machine Learning, or related field plus industry experience 
 Alternatively, a master's degree plus significant professional experience in AI and machine learning is sufficient 
 
 
Skills & Competencies: 
 
 Strong network of industry connections 
 Demonstrated excellence in teaching and mentoring graduate students as evidenced by student evaluations and peer-evaluations 
 
 
Application Instructions: 
 
Please submit curriculum vitae and three letters of recommendation with your application. 
 
Please provide copies of papers and patents, and links to any open source work 
 
About Us:
 
 
The Katz School of Science and Health at Yeshiva University (YU) provides students with the opportunity to further their intellectual and professional pursuits and become a part of one of U.S. News and World Report's top 100 universities in the United States. We are committed to delivering a world-class education in Science, Technology, and Health and to connecting students with thought-leaders and employers in New York City and beyond. Our curricula are informed by research and industry to provide graduates with the tools that will serve them long into their careers. Critical to our mission is creating an exemplary student and faculty experience. Yeshiva University is an academic powerhouse, and we invite you to join us. Learn more at www.yu.edu/katz. 
 
Founded in 1886, Yeshiva University (YU) has a strong tradition of combining Jewish scholarship with academic excellence and achievement in the liberal arts, sciences, medicine, law, business, social work, Jewish studies, education, psychology, and more.
 
 
We are a leading global educational institution that employs 2,000 people across our various campus locations - Wilf Campus, Beren Campus, Brookdale Center, Resnick Campus in the Bronx, the Gruss Institute in Jerusalem, the Boys High School in Manhattan and the Girls High School in Queens. From the distinguished faculty who teach here, to the dedicated staff, we work to fulfill our mission through all that we teach, by all that we do and for all those we serve. We seek to attract and retain engaged and committed individuals who contribute to an exciting working environment, where there is a sense of community and belonging, balanced with a significant cross section of people from diverse backgrounds working and studying together. 
 
The University offers an excellent compensation package, and a broad range of employee benefit plans, including immediate participation in the University's retirement plan. Staff members are typically eligible for four weeks paid vacation each year and have access to a shuttle to nearby subway locations. 
 
Equal Employment Opportunity:
 
 
Yeshiva University is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. 
 
 Application Instructions: 
To apply, visit https://careers.pageuppeople.com/876/cw/en-us/job/493192/program-directortenure-track-faculty-member-of-artificial-intelligence-and-machine-learning-tenure-track 
 
 About Us: 
The Katz School of Science and Health at Yeshiva University (YU) provides students with the opportunity to further their intellectual and professional pursuits and become a part of one of U.S. News and World Reports top 100 universities in the United States. We are committed to delivering a world-class education in Science, Technology, and Health and to connecting students with thought-leaders and employers in New York City and beyond. Our curricula are informed by research and industry to provide graduates with the tools that will serve them long into their careers. Critical to our mission is creating an exemplary student and faculty experience. Yeshiva University is an academic powerhouse, and we invite you to join us. Learn more at www.yu.edu/katz. 
 
Founded in 1886, Yeshiva University (YU) has a strong tradition of combining Jewish scholarship with academic excellence and achievement in the liberal arts, sciences, medicine, law, business, social work, Jewish studies, education, psychology, and more.
 
 
We are a leading global educational institution that employs 2,000 people across our various campus locations - Wilf Campus, Beren Campus, Brookdale Center, Resnick Campus in the Bronx, the Gruss Institute in Jerusalem, the Boys High School in Manhattan and the Girls High School in Queens. From the distinguished faculty who teach here, to the dedicated staff, we work to fulfill our mission through all that we teach, by all that we do and for all those we serve. We seek to attract and retain engaged and committed individuals who contribute to an exciting working environment, where there is a sense of community and belonging, balanced with a significant cross section of people from diverse backgrounds working and studying together. 
 
The University offers an excellent compensation package, and a broad range of employee benefit plans, including immediate participation in the Universitys retirement plan. Staff members are typically eligible for four weeks paid vacation each year and have access to a shuttle to nearby subway locations. 
 
 Yeshiva University is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. 
 
jeid-e1f7dbd5ead9124f9723c0ddc20c7cc9 Yeshiva University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Yeshiva University in New York, NY Program Director salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Yeshiva University Yeshiva University 92 reviews Yeshiva University is a private university in New York City, with four campuses in New York City. Founded in 1886, it is a research unive... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
