
 
 
 
 Senior Manager, Quality Assurance - Denver, CO 80237 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Manager, Quality Assurance VieCure Denver, CO 80237 Remote $125,000 - $150,000 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $125,000 - $150,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Are you interested in leading the transformation of cancer care through software that puts world-leading scientific knowledge in the hands of patients and their doctors? If so, join our growing team at VieCure, the company that is revolutionizing cancer care by putting A.I. driven technology tools and an unparalleled knowledge base into the hands of physicians. 
 
 Job Description 
We are seeking an experienced full time, highly motivated  Senior Manager, Quality   Assurance  to take overall responsibility for the activities of our software quality assurance function. Reporting directly to the SVP Client Services & Engineering, they will assure the development of quality standards for the VieCure product and oversee the development and execution of a QA methodology, software test plans, an automated testing bench and the analysis of test results that will validate and verify a comprehensive AI knowledge base, interface engine and clinical decision support system. 
 
Responsibilities 
Reporting directly to SVP Client Services & Engineering, our Senior Manager, Quality Assurance has the following responsibilities: 
 Propose, develop and implement a QA methodology and the associated processes and practices that ensure an effective and efficient operation of the quality assurance function. 
 Develop standards and procedures to determine product quality and release readiness. 
 Ensure document risk analysis is performed and documented. 
 Oversee the design of, an automated testing bench, ensuring the design, development, and execution of effective automation workflows. 
 Ensure the identification, design and documentation of testing scripts, test cases, test plans, test progress and test results. 
 Ensure software bugs are discovered, documented and resolution is tracked efficiently and effectively. 
 Assure all implemented standards and procedures are followed. 
 Undertake manual and automated testing as needed. 
 Drive innovation and continuous improvement, assuring new tools, technologies, and testing processes are researched and implemented. 
 Continually develop in-depth product knowledge to resolve user questions and issues 
 Provide subject matter guidance, mentoring and coaching the team as needed to ensure the optimum and efficient operation of the function 
 Skills, Competencies & Experience 
Our successful candidate will possess the following attributes and skills: 
 A degree in IT related fields or equivalent work experience. 
 5+ experience of managing a quality assurance function. 
 Extensive experience of a software development project lifecycle. 
 Advanced experience and an understanding of Software Quality Assurance methodologies and automation tools and practice. 
 A solid understanding of Agile Software Development. 
 Advanced understanding of software Quality Assurance methodologies. 
 Strong experience with automation tools and practices. 
 A current understanding of new and competing technologies and methods and the application and relevance of these to the department. 
 Strong attention to detail and a quality mindset. 
 A strong leader able to set a course of action and take ownership, together with a proven ability to lead, motivate, engage, empower and ultimately elevate the team. 
 The ability to juggle a multitude of competing priorities and to keep current on the progress and pain-points of multiple projects simultaneously, while continuing to advance each towards successful completion. 
 Highly organized and collaborative, with a proven ability to effectively navigate, coordinate, and work cross-functionally with a multitude of internal and external stakeholders. 
 A strong communicator (written, oral, presentation) who excels at fostering strong relationships and can effectively communicate highly technical issues to a variety of internal and external audiences, at varying levels of complexity and detail. 
 We are headquartered in Denver, Colorado, and have a complement of remote staff who live in proximity to client sites. We require a candidate based in, or willing to relocate to, Denver. The salary range for this role is $125,000-$150,000 per annum. The exact salary offered will be based on the candidate’s knowledge, skills and experience. 
 
 If you share our passion for revolutionizing the way cancer care is delivered, and in enabling better outcomes for patients, come join our team and help us shift the power balance in cancer care! VieCure Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Quality Assurance Analyst jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at VieCure in Denver, CO Senior Quality Assurance Analyst salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from VieCure Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
