
 
 
 
 AI Engineer Systems Architect 3 - Plymouth, MN - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Engineer Systems Architect 3 Chipton-Ross 87 reviews Plymouth, MN $144 - $180 an hour  -   Full-time Chipton-Ross 87 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $144 - $180 an hour Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Chipton-Ross is seeking an AI Engineer Systems Architect 3 for an opportunity in Plymouth, MN. 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Uses system-of-systems engineering tools and practices, such as systems engineering, to understand, model, analyze, architect, design, and manage complex missions as end-to-end mission threads across the entire mission enterprise. Designs systems, applications, and data architectures with a focus on identifying ways to use AI techniques to support achieving better reliability, precision, accuracy, and speed to meet performance requirements. Develops intelligent, and distributed, agent architectures for the management of autonomous, mobile, physical systems, etc. Applies internal and external AI research results to designing systems. Defines and implements both traditional and emerging approaches to validate and verify methods to acquire data required for Probabilistic/Statistical means for solving problems connected to attaining the best possible algorithms; algorithm outcome requirements; and systems requirements definition. 
 
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: 
Bachelor's degree with 10+ years of technical experience
 
 
EDUCATION: 
Bachelors Degree.
 
School must be accredited. 
 
HOURS: 
5/40.
 
 
MISCELLANEOUS: 
Applicants responding to this position will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements by currently possessing the ability to view classified government information. 
 
 Employment will be contingent on clearing a drug screen and background check. Both must clear prior to start date. 
 Contact 
 Max Cameron 
mcameron@chiptonross.com 
CHIPTON-ROSS, INC. 
420 Culver Boulevard 
Playa Del Rey, CA 90293 
 
Phone:  (310) 414-7800 x242  or (800) 927-9318 x242 Chipton-Ross Today original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Software Architect jobs in Plymouth, MN Jobs at Chipton-Ross in Plymouth, MN Software Architect salaries in Plymouth, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Chipton-Ross Chipton-Ross 87 reviews Utilizing a unique corporate culture that focuses on the Power of People, Chipton-Ross will continue to be an exceptional supplier of Eng... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
