
 
 
 
 Research Associate - Orlando, FL 32826 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Associate Soar Technology Orlando, FL 32826 About Us 
 At SoarTech, our focus is in the development of artificial intelligence (AI) that reasons like humans do, to automate complex tasks, simplify human-machine interactions, or model human behaviors. Our philosophy is three-fold: to be an augmentation to, not a replacement of, the human; to think top-down, not bottom-up; and to be transparent so that decisions and processing are communicated to the human and in human-like terms. SoarTech is growing and we are looking for individuals interested in helping research, develop, and implement this exciting technology into everyday operations.
 Position Description: 
 SoarTech is seeking qualified candidates for Research Associate Internships and Residencies. We are looking for skilled and motivated individuals to help us tackle the tough problems within the AI, intelligent training, and autonomy space.
 At SoarTech, you will assist the Scientific Team with both the technical and non-technical responsibilities required throughout project proposal efforts, researching, writing, execution and completion phases. This provides you with the time and resources to immerse yourselves in the technical detail, acquire domain knowledge, and meaningfully contribute to active industry project and proposal lifecycles. Teammates will be assigned to a specific Principal Investigator (PI) for the duration of their time with us and contribute by:
 Completing literature reviews and background research to support projects and proposal writing efforts.
 Studies and analyzes information to aid colleagues in determining appropriate courses of action for best outcomes.
 Gathers data, organizes, analyzes, and presents findings to colleagues for consideration in support of assigned projects.
 Aids in the development and maintenance of formal design documentation and other work products.
 Assisting in the proposal writing/review process.
 Completing exploratory data analysis and visualization.
 Assisting with SME knowledge capture.
 Participating in project brainstorming sessions to establish framework and direction.
 Processing and analyzing data.
 Attend and takes meeting minutes for project/customer meeting.
 Other duties as assigned.
 We are looking for communicative and motivated applicants who are eager to contribute and learn. If you are a skilled problem solver and have expertise knowledge in various areas of artificial intelligence, human behavior modeling, natural language processing, machine learning, multi-agent systems, deep learning, agent-based social simulation, data analytics, intelligent user interfaces, complex adaptive systems, decision support systems, learning technologies, augmented reality, virtual reality, simulation, robotics, data fusion, and/or game development, then SoarTech is the place for you!
 Required Qualifications: 
 Enrolled in a BS, MS, or PhD program in computer science, engineering, cognitive science, psychology, human-computer interactions, human factors or a related discipline that is relevant to the broad area of computational science and AI.
 Previous coursework or experience in one of the following (or a similar field): human behavior modeling, cognitive modeling, multi-agent systems, agent-based social simulation, intelligent user interfaces, complex adaptive systems, decision support systems, simulation, robotics, data fusion, and/or game development.
 Ability to integrate ideas from multiple disciplines.
 Experience writing software code (as a means to better communicate with engineers as part of your project teams.)
 Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 Ability to effectively support multiple projects. 
 Proficient with Office 365
 Ability to attain and maintain security clearances. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications:
 At least a year (1) of experience supporting independent or academic research.
 Familiarity with the DoD research community players, processes and procedures (e.g., the military services and competitive BAA processes).
 Active duty military experience. Soar Technology 22 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Research Associate jobs in Orlando, FL Jobs at Soar Technology in Orlando, FL Research Associate salaries in Orlando, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Soar Technology Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
