
 
 
 
 Report Design and Integration Lead - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Report Design and Integration Lead Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 5,423 reviews United States Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 5,423 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Johnson & Johnson Inc. is recruiting for a  Report Design & Integration Lead  for FS&T organization. This position can sit in any J&J location in the United States. It is preferred that the candidate will work Eastern Standard Time (EST) hours to accommodate business needs. 
 
Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson & Johnson for over 125 years. We embrace research and science - bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people.
 
 
With $82.1 billion in 2020 sales, Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices markets. Employees of the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies work with partners in health care to touch the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world. 
 
One of the key initiatives of FS&T organization is to enable a finance insight driven J&J Enterprise by delivering standardized reporting, advanced analytics, and data at scale through human centric digital experience with a robust governance framework supported by artificial intelligence and deep analytics talent. 
 
The individual will continuously work towards integrating quality reporting solutions that influences stakeholders in global finance through "future looking" reporting & analytics using state of the art reporting tools vs the traditional "postmortem" analysis using Excel, by constructively challenging status quo and driving regional and global self-service reporting adoption. 
 
 Major Responsibilities include: 
 Key deliverables will include Management Reporting, Operational Reporting and Management Cockpits to cater to the needs of Commercial, Supply Chain, R&D and Global Functions organizations. 
 Collecting user requirements, designing reports, and delivering reports which will enhance business finance reporting capabilities factoring Human Centric Design concepts and user persona. 
 Engage with End users to collect Reporting needs, business requirements, business questions and KPIs 
 Translate user requirements into report designs and wireframes and balancing that with technical limitations/offerings of the Reporting tool with the objective of deploying standardized, automated, consistent, and globally aligned on-demand reports/dashboards, and data for Exploratory data analysis. 
 Partner with Data Design team and suggest clear end user data needs to help define reporting data models and have a roadmap on mitigating any data/hierarchy gaps that exists. 
 Partner with Technical product owner team to ensure reports are built as per functional design document and are delivered on time. 
 Manage an offshore team of 4 people. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 A minimum of a bachelor’s degree is required. 
 MBA Finance/CMA/CPA preferred. 
 A minimum of 5 years of work experience in leading multiple high-profile projects with demanding deadlines, changing requirements is required. 
 Experience in FP&A and Financial & Management Reporting (Business Unit finance, COE Finance, MIS Reporting etc..) is preferred. 
 Knowledge, skills and abilities: 
 Strong core finance background with deep understanding of finance reporting requirements is required. 
 Technical know-how of the leading reporting tools (SAP WEBi, Tableau etc) is preferred. 
 Must have skills to live in the gap between what user wants and delivering of the tangible reporting features by translating user requirements into designs and wireframes and balancing that with technical limitations/offerings of the Reporting tool. 
 Ability to share ideas in a compelling manner that gains commitment from others is required. 
 Ability to respond effectively to the reactions and positions of others while convincing others to take action is required. 
 Strong Leadership and team management skills are required. 
 Good knowledge of Agile principles and process is required.
 Other:
 This position can sit in any J&J location in the United States. It is preferred that the candidate will work Eastern Standard Time (EST) hours to accommodate business needs. 
 This position may require up to 10% travel. 
 Work location is flexible if approved by the Company except that position may not be performed remotely from Colorado. 
 Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
 
 Primary Location 
United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-One Johnson & Johnson Plaza 
 Other Locations 
North America-United States 
 Organization 
Johnson & Johnson Services Inc. (6090) 
 Job Function 
Finance 
 Requisition ID 
2105929219W Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Lead Designer jobs in United States Lead Designer salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies 5,423 reviews Johnson & Johnson is the world’s most broadly based healthcare organization and includes more than 275+ companies focused in medical devi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
