
 
 
 
 Account Executive - Artificial Intelligence & Natural Language Processing in Healthcare - Lewes, DE 19958 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Account Executive - Artificial Intelligence & Natural Language Processing in Healthcare John Snow Labs Lewes, DE 19958 Remote Contract Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Company Description 
John Snow Labs is an award-winning AI and NLP company, accelerating progress in data science by providing state-of-the-art software, data, and models. Founded in 2015, it helps healthcare and life science companies build, deploy, and operate AI products and services. John Snow Labs is the winner of the 2018 AI Solution Provider of the Year Award, the 2019 AI Platform of the Year Award, the 2019 International Data Science Foundation Technology award, and the 2020 AI Excellence Award. 
John Snow Labs is the developer of Spark NLP - the world’s most widely used NLP library in the enterprise - and is the world’s leading provider of state-of-the-art clinical NLP software, powering some of the world’s largest healthcare & pharma companies. John Snow Labs is a global team of specialists, of which 33% hold a Ph.D. or M.D. and 75% hold at least a Master’s degree in disciplines covering data science, medicine, software engineering, pharmacy, DevOps and SecOps. 
 
 Job Description 
We are looking for a motivated sales consultant who has experience in identifying and influencing decision makers of large organizations to win new deals. We are creating a new sales team to support our mainly US and European opportunities. We are looking for experienced healthcare & life science software sales professional, or passionate professionals looking to transfer into sales. 
This is a great opportunity if you are looking for a remote long-term freelancing contract, learning new skills and working as part of a strong artificial intelligence software team. There are plenty of customer facing opportunities and challenges to go around. 
We are not able to consider teams or agencies for this job. If you are interested, please include the words John Snow Labs in your cover letter, and describe why your experience and goals make you the right fit for this role. 
 
 Qualifications 
Professional experience selling into large organizations 
Proven success in B2B sales, from introductions to contract negotiations 
Must be comfortable with cold calling 
Good planning, research and organizational skills 
Ability to build relationships with a variety of stakeholders over Internet meetings 
Experience in healthcare software, machine learning, or artificial intelligence is a plus 
Additional Information 
We are a fully virtual company, collaborating across 22 countries 
Open to candidates worldwide - work remotely from anywhere, ideally in the US and Europe for possible future travel needs 
This is a contract opportunity, not a full-time employment role 
This role requires the availability of at least 30 hours per week. John Snow Labs 13 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Account Executive jobs in Lewes, DE Jobs at John Snow Labs in Lewes, DE Account Executive salaries in Lewes, DE Company Info Follow Get job updates from John Snow Labs Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
