
 
 
 
 Principal Data Scientist - Boston, MA 02210 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Data Scientist Fidelity Investments 4,015 reviews Boston, MA 02210 Full-time Fidelity Investments 4,015 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description: 
The Role
 At Fidelity’s Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE), you won’t be just tinkering around the edges, you’ll be building critical solutions that will benefit our clients for years to come. We work closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry. In addition to researching and developing ideas end-to-end, you will provide guidance to junior data scientists and your peers, ensuring the approach, experiment design, and code are of high quality. 
The  Expertise  and Skills You Bring 
Minimum Master’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields required. 
Advanced knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies. 
Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.), 
Ability to code-review and mentor junior data scientists 
Experience in projects involving large databases, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. Three to five successfully launched ML projects would be ideal. 
Programming skills in Python. Experience working in the cloud (AWS) 
3-5 years of work experience 
Solid skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling 
You have deep knowledge of some combination of the following: 
Natural Language Processing (NLP) 
Classical ML, Deep Learning 
Cloud ML 
Experiment design 
The  Value  You Deliver 
You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead ML strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal candidate will combine expert AI/ML, Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms, models, programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to Fidelity. 
The  Team 
The AI/ML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand. 
Certifications: 
Company Overview 
 
At Fidelity Investments, our customers are at the heart of everything we do. As a privately held company with a rich 75-year history, our mission has remained the same since our founding:  to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients . We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money. 
 
 Join Us 
 
At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning and growth so you can build the career you’ve always imagined. We welcome associates from different backgrounds and with different perspectives to help us innovate and make a difference for our customers and our communities. 
 
We invite you to  Find Your Fidelity  at fidelitycareers.com. 
Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging. 
 
Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Leave of Absence/Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling  800-835-5099 , prompt 2, option 2. Fidelity Investments 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Fidelity Investments in Boston, MA Principal Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fidelity Investments Fidelity Investments 4,015 reviews At Fidelity Investments, you'll discover challenges that excite you as you develop professionally and explore many career paths based on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
