
 
 
 
 Manager 2, Software Engineering - PowerStore - Hopkinton, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager 2, Software Engineering - PowerStore Dell Technologies 10,517 reviews Hopkinton, MA Remote Dell Technologies 10,517 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Software Engineering Manager
 The Software Engineering team delivers next-generation software application enhancements and new products for a changing world. Working at the cutting edge, we design and develop software for platforms, peripherals, applications and diagnostics — all with the most advanced technologies, tools, software engineering methodologies and the collaboration of internal and external partners. 
Join us as a Manager and Product Owner on our PowerStore Software Engineering team in the US (open Hopkinton MA and Research Triangle Park NC; will also consider remote candidates) to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact using our reach, technology and people. 
What you’ll achieve 
You will become part of a global software engineering team delivering the groundbreaking PowerStore family of enterprise storage systems. You will lead a team of experienced software engineers and architects working on cutting edge storage features including utilizing AI/ML to simplify management of storage systems at scale. Bring your passion and dedication to work with an amazing team to quickly turn ideas into great product. 
You will: 
Provide hands-on technical, operational, and people leadership with involvement in feature definition, backlog prioritization, design, implementation and test using a highly agile development process 
Work with product management and user experience teams to ensure solutions the team develops exceeds the expectations of our customers 
Lead, manage, and develop a team of 10-15 software engineers in flexible work environment; be responsible for hiring, project staffing, career development, and performance management of your team 
Help develop a diverse & inclusive workforce 
Interface with senior management to report on project and program milestones, take ownership of initiatives, secure necessary funding, and turn ideas into busines outcomes 
Work in a diverse and globally distributed engineering organization 
Essential Requirements 
8+ years of software engineering development experience 
At least 2 years of managerial/leadership experience 
Strong leadership, communication and collaboration skills, both spoken and written 
Experience in Agile software development methodologies 
Strong experience in leading, coaching and/or mentoring teams 
Desirable Requirements 
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field 
Experience with enterprise storage systems; Experience with cloud (* As a Service) platforms is a plus 
Experience leading / working in cross-functional and geographically distributed teams 
Experience with Open Source Software, containers, microservices, Management and Orchestration frameworks, reactive programming. 
Here’s our story; now tell us yours 
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress. 
 
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more. 
 
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today. 
 
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here. 
 
Application closing date: DD Month YYYY 
 
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Equal Employment Opportunity Policy here. Dell 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineering Manager jobs in Hopkinton, MA Jobs at Dell Technologies in Hopkinton, MA Software Engineering Manager salaries in Hopkinton, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Dell Technologies Dell Technologies 10,517 reviews You want a meaningful career. You want to drive human progress forward with innovation. You want to join a team of the best and brightest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
