
 
 
 
 LA Based Performance Animators (Motion Editors) - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search LA Based Performance Animators (Motion Editors) Weta Digital Los Angeles, CA We have an amazing opportunity to work at our On-Site studio in Los Angeles to work on the Avatar sequels in 2021 & 2022. 
 Candidates must be Los Angeles based, US Citizens or legal to work in US. 
 Weta Digital Motion Department are looking for candidates who are passionate about working with realistic motion-captured performances of character and creature animations to high quality standards. 
 The requirements for the role are: Primarily responsible for editing body motion of captured performances and integrating motion elements into the shot environment. 
 Performance Animation / Motion Editing role includes: 
 Repairing contacts and interaction between characters/props/environment/terrain. 
 Non-destructive modification of motion to work with the requirements of the shot including staging, spatial and timing adjustments according to directors and supervisors feedback. 
 Blending in/out and stitching body motion. 
 Adding / improving finger/toe/tail animation, staging, and performance adjustments that includes enhancing posture, gesture and weight. 
 Other editing includes: sharpening/smoothing/exaggerating/reducing and inserting/removing/adding body movement/ body-language/ reaction/ anticipation/ follow-through. 
 Understanding of mapping techniques and transferring motion from one character to another. 
 Ability to catch and identify technical issues. 
 
 Candidates must have: 
 Sharp eyes for motion, timing, and posture. 
 3D Character Animation background and a well-grounded understanding of the principles of Animation. 
 Experience working with motion-captured performance. 
 Attention to details. 
 Good communication skills. 
 A background in Gaming, Giant / Nuance is a plus. 
 Background and experience with Unreal Engine and character dynamics and interest in AI character simulations are also desirable. 
 
 Weta Digital is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate our diversity and believe in creating an environment where all our crew feel welcomed, respected, supported, and appreciated. 
 Location: Los Angeles - USA Weta Digital 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Performer jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at Weta Digital in Los Angeles, CA Performer salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Weta Digital Weta Digital is a digital visual effects company based in Wellington, New Zealand. It was founded by Peter Jackson, Richard Taylor, and J... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
