
 
 
 
 AmeriCorps VISTA Opportunity: Youth Solutions Digital Career Development Support - Michigan - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AmeriCorps VISTA Opportunity: Youth Solutions Digital Career Development Support Michigan Association of School Boards Michigan Remote Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Deadline:  December 1, 2021
 
 District/Organization:  Youth Solutions/Michigan Community Service Commission
 
 Position/Type:  Other, full time
 Position Details
 AmeriCorps VISTA Opportunity: Youth Solutions Digital Career Development Support
 This role is a one-year commitment of full-time service (37.5 hours a week) starting October 30, 2021, and will be employed by Michigan Community Service Commission. Kinexus Group and Youth Solutions will provide the work experience opportunity for this AmeriCorps position. What is AmeriCorps? AmeriCorps brings people together to serve communities. AmeriCorps members serve directly with organizations and nonprofits to tackle our nation’s most pressing challenges.
 ABOUT THE ORGANIZATION AND TEAM:
 For 13 years, Youth Solutions www.ouryouthsolutions.org has offered opportunity pathways in education and employment to Michigan’s disadvantaged youth through its leading program, Jobs for Michigan’s Graduates (JMG). As a statewide entity, this Kinexus Group subsidiary serves thousands of young people each year helping them overcome barriers and succeed in education, employment, and life. With a recently completed five-year strategic plan, the responsibilities for this VISTA Member are future-focused and will directly contribute to Youth Solutions’ vision, mission, and organizations’ goals with supporting the development of a Digital Career Development Service.
 WHAT WE EXPECT FROM YOU:
 The Digital Career Development Support will help Youth Solutions develop and grow the Digital Career Development (AI) Communications Platform and Resources to inspire Michigan’s most vulnerable youth toward career success.
 Digital Career Development Support Project Examples:
 Help develop and grow the Digital Career Development Navigation (AI) Communications Platform and Resource Library.
 Review the Digital Systems’ automated responses (from a youth best practice perspective) and offer feedback and recommendations for improved communications.
 Provide recommendations on how to make communications and resources more youth-friendly and engaging.
 Gather and report on our youth’s needs and the most helpful resources to share with them.
 Help with planning future digital campaigns and surveys in support of the Youth Solutions Team.
 Respond to individual inquiries from individual youth that need individual attention.
 Assist with the development and organization of marketing materials for various stakeholder needs.
 Learn and promote the Texting, Virtual Career Planning, and Mentorship software platforms.
 Gather, analyze, and report on relevant data about usage and users.
 WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT:
 We place a strong emphasis on our positive and collaborative culture. You will have the opportunity to learn about different parts of the organization and work on projects with a statewide impact. If you want to be involved in work that serves a greater purpose and are a driven, organized, self-starter, join our team!
 Valuable & impactful work with youth where your ideas are heard.
 Friendly and encouraging work environment.
 Flexible Schedules with an emphasis on work-life balance.
 Hands-on experience with the opportunity to build your network and develop professionally.
 This position is remote with in-office requirements for occasional meetings. The company’s headquarters is in a beautiful location just minutes from Lake Michigan surrounded by great breweries, wineries, and tons of year-round fun!
 MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
 A one-year commitment of full-time service -37.5 hours a week.
 At least 18 years of age at the time of service.
 ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:
 Experience with or Graduate of the Jobs for Michigan Graduates Program.
 Proven leadership experience through involvement with organizations or other experiences.
 Literacy in social media with proficiency in platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and LinkedIn.
 Efficient oral and written communication skills.
 Well organized with the ability to handle multiple projects at once.
 Ability to form and maintain working relationships with contacts outside of the organization to assist with project planning.
 Strong logistical planning skills and follow-through.
 A self-starter with high energy and a willingness to learn.
 Ability to be adaptable and provide support wherever it may be needed.
 WHAT YOU WILL RECEIVE FROM AMERICORPS:
 Bi-weekly living allowance (Around $14,950 total for year)
 End of service award either an educational stipend ($6,195) or cash stipend ($1,800).
 School loan payment deferment and interest forbearance during year of service.
 Health insurance and daycare, etc.
 Relocation Costs
 Professional Development OR Meaningful Service Opportunity.
 Priority hiring for any future government jobs.
 E-mail:  egant@ouryouthsolutions.org Michigan Association of School Boards 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Company Info Follow Get job updates from Michigan Association of School Boards Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
