
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Liberty Mutual Insurance 4,586 reviews Remote Remote $104,500 - $152,300 a year Liberty Mutual Insurance 4,586 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $104,500 - $152,300 a year Full Job Description At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession.
 Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion 
We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits
 Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law.
 Note: Depending on experience, this position can be hired at various levels. 
Advance your career at Liberty Mutual - A Fortune 100 Company! 
Liberty Mutual is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive Data Scientist to join the Advanced Analytics & Modeling team. The team is committed to developing data driven solutions in US Finance, Service, Marketing and Experience. 
As a Data Scientist in Liberty Mutual you will get to work with an innovative company, with great teammates, and have a lot of fun helping our customers. You will develop novel models to solve real-world problems like customer targeting and routing, efficiency of marketing tactics, and chatbot automation. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and will collaborate closely with stakeholders to identify new growth opportunities. In addition, you will partner with our engineering teams and product owners to deploy new models and AI solutions. 
A successful candidate will be a person who enjoys diving deep into data, discovering root causes, pushing the envelope in machine learning (ML) and natural language processing (NLP), and designing long-term solutions. 
In addition to the Responsibilities below, you will: 
Provide technical leadership, guidance, and data science solutions to increase growth and improve customer experience. 
Business: 
Develop an understanding of Marketing, Service and Experience operations, processes, strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities. 
Translate quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences and provides clear view into interpreting the data. 
Bring a value-based approach to opportunity assessment of projects, around critical KPIs such as Customer Experience, Growth, Retention, and Profit. 
Engage customers to understand business problems and customize analytic and predictive model solutions to business needs. 
Technical: 
Solve business problems using advanced statistical techniques including but not limited to regression/logistic regression, factor analysis, decision tree, gradient boosting, neural network, clustering & binning, natural language processing. 
Develop and maintain expertise in a wide range of new technologies, methodologies, and techniques facilitating advanced research, decision sciences, and systems engineering. 
Design and manage market experiments and pilots to test hypotheses or generate test and control observation data. 
Partner with agile development squads in Information Technology and Information Management to deliver robust solutions into the operation. 
Responsibilities: 
Applies knowledge of sophisticated analytics techniques to manipulate large structured and unstructured data sets in order to generate insights to inform business decisions. 
Identifies and tests hypotheses, ensuring statistical significance, as part of building and developing predictive models for business application. 
Translates quantitative analyses and findings into accessible visuals for non-technical audiences, providing a clear view into interpreting the data. 
Enables the business to make clear trade-offs between and among choices, with a reasonable view into likely outcomes. 
Customizes analytic solutions to specific client needs. 
Responsible for smaller components of projects of moderate-to-high complexity. 
Regularly engages with the data science community and participates in cross-functional working groups. 
Solid knowledge of predictive analytics techniques and statistical diagnostics of models.
 Advance knowledge of predictive toolset; expert resource for tool development. Strong skills in Excel, PowerPoint, and statistical/data processing software packages and programming languages (e.g., SAS, R, Python, SQL, Hadoop, Hive). Model performance tracking using tools like RShiny and PowerBI. 
Demonstrated ability to exchange ideas and convey complex information clearly and concisely. 
Has a value-driven perspective with regard to understanding of work context and impact. 
Competencies typically acquired through 0-1 yrs. of related experience with a Ph.D., a minimum of 2-3 yrs. of experience with a master's degree, a minimum of 4+ yrs. of experience with a bachelor's degree. 
 
16 Liberty Mutual 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at Liberty Mutual Insurance in Remote Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Liberty Mutual Insurance Liberty Mutual Insurance 4,586 reviews At Liberty Mutual, we want to help you embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That’s why our company culture supports and champio... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
