
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Expert - Rockville, MD - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Expert BLH Technologies, Inc. Rockville, MD Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description BLH Technologies, Inc., an award-winning company specializing in public health, communications, technology, and safety monitoring solutions for federal and commercial clients, is seeking an  Artificial Intelligence Expert / Project Manager  to support federal clients, including those within the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The desired staff member will work in cooperation with our BLH team and government clients to develop cloud-based systems for biomedical research repositories. 
 Duties 
Develop and maintain project management plans, documents, and artifacts to coordinate between client and supporting developer, programming, and subject matter expert staff. 
Perform client-facing duties including communicating complex information to expert, lay, and executive audiences, facilitate meetings, collecting and define requirements related to system development and implementation of artificial intelligence solutions. 
Participate on BLH and client teams to identify and define projects that help drive efficiencies using Artificial Intelligence tools.
 Work with the BLH business development team to identify future business opportunities and work on a team to draft white papers and proposals. 
Serve as an Artificial Intelligence expert to support a collaboration of contractor, academic, and government team members. Must not only provide options for solutions but also lead and support the development and integration of AI into current and new systems. 
Identify and set up various cloud-based systems to accommodate a broad array of government requirements. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, or a related field is preferred. 
Minimum of 5 to 10 years of full-time experience performing similar tasks. 
Demonstrated ability to work directly with clients and meet client goals. Preference with experience supporting federal health projects. 
Experience and/or certification in Agile management or as Scrum Master. 
Previous experience and strong understanding of large, complex databases, form-entry systems, metadata, and integration of software technologies. Preference for experience in working with research and/or biomedical repositories. 
Demonstrated ability and experience in managing work independently and within a collaborative team to develop and deliver complex cloud-based web and database solutions. 
Previous experience with federal government support preferred. NIH development experience preferred. 
Knowledge and Special Skills
 Strong communication and collaboration skills (written, oral, and interpersonal). 
Full scope of knowledge and application of Artificial Intelligence in working environment including natural language processing, machine learning, and deep learning. Strong preference for experience working in health data and/or federal government environment. 
Understanding of and experience in writing user case scenarios. 
Must be extremely detail-oriented. 
Must be a critical thinker with the ability to assimilate and convey complex information in plain language, tailored to different audiences. 
Ability to multitask and set priorities to meet deadlines. BLH Technologies, Inc. 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at BLH Technologies in Rockville, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from BLH Technologies, Inc. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
