
 
 
 
 Health Scientist Administrator (Program Officer) *closes 9/29/21* - Bethesda, MD 20894 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Health Scientist Administrator (Program Officer) *closes 9/29/21* National Library of Medicine 12 reviews Bethesda, MD 20894 National Library of Medicine 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Position Description: 
 The National Library of Medicine (NLM), Division of Extramural Programs (EP), at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), located in Bethesda, Maryland, is seeking a candidate to serve as a Health Scientist Administrator (Program Officer), who will provide scientific leadership and coordinate extramural research activities in clinical informatics. The Division’s activities have national and international impact through grant and cooperative agreements that support biomedical computing and information projects, including biomedical informatics and data science research, health information resource grants, national programs in training for research in biomedical informatics and data science, scientific conferences, and Small Business Innovative Research grants. More information about EP can be obtained from our website: https://www.nlm.nih.gov/ep/index.html. 
 
 Responsibilities include serving as a Program Officer, identifying opportunities for scientific advancement in clinical informatics and data science aimed at improving health, recognizing important gaps in the field, relevant program needs, and scientific opportunities to address gaps and needs. The incumbent will make recommendations for new research efforts and/or other initiatives and provide expert advice. The incumbent coordinates program efforts within NLM, trans-NIH, and other scientific and professional organizations. The ideal candidate will have: 1) experience in or strong familiarity in bioinformatics and clinical research methods; 2) an interest in, and specific expertise in health care and/or health outcomes; 3) be flexible, a self-starter and capable of working independently and as a team player; and 4) strong interpersonal, organizational, time management, analytical, and written and oral communication skills. 
 
 The Health Scientist Administrator (Program Officer): 
 1. Administers a portfolio of extramural research grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and training awards to fulfill the mission of NLM. 
2. Develops, writes, and presents new scientific concepts leading to funding opportunity announcements that bridge existing gaps and promote high-quality science. 
 3. Provides programmatic expertise and leadership and serves as the scientific point of contact for research programs in clinical informatics/bioinformatics. 
4. Consults with and advises grantees during preparation of applications/proposals and provides guidance on program announcements and priorities. 
 5. Performs scientific and administrative reviews and analysis of applications/proposals from a programmatic viewpoint. 
6. Organizes and conducts workshops, conferences, symposia, or similar activities. 
7. Responds to scientific and departmental reporting requests, synthesizing and presenting results of data analyses, drawing inferences, and making recommendations that influence program activities and policies. 
 8. Prepares scientific position papers and special reports that highlight research findings in mission-related areas. 
9. Represents EP and NLM on committees, panels, and workgroups, at conferences and meeting as an authority in clinical informatics. 
 10. Works across the NIH and other government and non-government agencies to promote and coordinate bioinformatics research. 
11. Collaborates with the EP and NLM staff on a myriad of scientific and administrative management activities. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Ph.D. and/or M.D. or equivalent degree(s) with experience in bioinformatics, data science, and/or clinical research. 
 Documented research experience demonstrating familiarly with artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches in bioinformatics research. 
 Experience setting scientific agendas, planning, executing, and scientific meetings, workshops, and conferences for diverse stakeholders. 
 Experience developing partnerships and collaborations with internal and external stakeholders. 
 Experience organizing and leading workgroups and interest groups. 
 Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills. 
 Excellent written and oral communication skills with demonstrated ability to convey complexinformation to a variety of audiences. 
 Ability to work on multiple time-sensitive projects simultaneously. 
 To Apply: 
 Candidates interested in the position should submit a letter of interest, CV, or resume to  Annmarie Carr , Chief Administrative Officer, NLM/EP, at mailbox carraa@mail.nih.gov, by  September 29, 2021  and must also apply to the position announcement as described below. 
 
 The candidate for this position will be considered from an upcoming GS-12/13/14 global recruitment announcement that will be advertised through www.USAJobs.gov from September 20, 2021 – September 29, 2021. Applications must be submitted to this global recruitment announcement. For requirements, evaluation criteria, and application instructions, view the vacancy announcements at http://jobs.nih.gov/globalrecruitment on September 20, 2021. 
 
 
 HHS, NIH, and NLM are equal opportunity employers dedicated to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Office of Intramural Training & Education 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Officer jobs in Bethesda, MD Jobs at National Library of Medicine in Bethesda, MD Program Officer salaries in Bethesda, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from National Library of Medicine 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
