
 
 
 
 Inside Sales - Fort Lauderdale, FL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Inside Sales Vantagepoint ai, LLC Fort Lauderdale, FL Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Just imagine a work from home career with: 
Stability 
Accelerated income growth and 
Work life balance 
VantagePoint ai offers an inside sales career with that and so much more! 
VantagePoint ai is seeking talented remote inside sales professionals to join our team of elite closers. Our company is exploding with growth! 2020 was a record-breaking year for our 42-year-old company and 2021 will be no different. We are looking to identify and elevate talented salespeople into elite inside sales professionals to help continue our growth. 
This is a Legitimate $100K+ Opportunity 
First year inside sales reps that are good can make north of $80K good ones can make 6 figures the 1st year. The tenured part of the inside sales team (+1year) all exceeded $120k last year. If you are a skilled closer, fast learner and hard worker, you could be the next six figure earner on our team of high-flying inside sales professionals, enjoying a  real base salary,  great work life balance, incredible benefits, all in a positive, extremely rewarding environment. Vantagepoint ai has been voted Best Places to Work nationally including by Forbes Magazine, as well as Best Places to Work in Tampa Bay 12 times! 
This Makes a Difference 
Our patented, highly accurate, artificial intelligence software used by traders worldwide in the financial markets, is in high demand now more than ever! We change lives daily by empowering traders with advanced notice of market movements using Vantagepoint ai’s patented and proprietary trend forecasting technology. 
This is a Long-Term Career 
Artificial intelligence and Wall Street are not going away any time soon. Vantagepoint ai has been pioneering technology for traders for over 42 years. We are a second-generation family-owned company on the forefront of innovation and development of artificial intelligence software for traders. 
This Makes Sense 
Join a team of record breakers who elevated to new levels last year and help us Soar to New Heights!
 To speak with a member of team in more detail about the remote inside sales role, 
Apply Now!  www.FindTampaJobs.com . And someone will email you to schedule a discussion. 
Don’t sell yourself short. Join a team of winners who are at the forefront of innovation and technology… 
Take the first step… Learn more about our culture at  www.FindTampaJobs.com . 
Outstanding Pay and Benefits: 
Generous Base Salary 
Un-Capped Commissions Paid Monthly 
100% Paid Employee Healthcare and Dental 
To learn more about our VantagePoint Software visit  www.vantagepointsoftware.com . 
PM18 Vantagepoint ai, LLC 11 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Inside Sales Representative jobs in Fort Lauderdale, FL Jobs at Vantagepoint ai in Fort Lauderdale, FL Inside Sales Representative salaries in Fort Lauderdale, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Vantagepoint ai, LLC Founded in 1979 by Louis B. Mendelsohn, a prominent technical analyst and trading software pioneer, Vantagepoint ai was the first trading... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
