
 
 
 
 Hackathon Program Manager Specialist - New Jersey - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Hackathon Program Manager Specialist NVIDIA 240 reviews New Jersey Remote Full-time NVIDIA 240 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Hackathon Program Manager Specialist
 High Performance Computing (HPC) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) are key markets for NVIDIA. Researchers and scientists are actively embracing GPU programming to accelerate their research. To help them with onboarding to GPUs, in collaboration with national labs and universities, NVIDIA is leading a series of GPU hackathons and bootcamps. Hackathons are short—typically week-long —intensive coding sessions where experienced mentors team up with groups of researchers to guide through acceleration or optimizing of their codes on GPUs using a number of programming models and tools. With the fast growing demand for starting on GPUs in the scientific community, NVIDIA is looking for a Program Manager Intern to help scale GPU outreach efforts through hackathon events! In this position you will help coordinate, promote, handle data collection and analysis, and build a community of GPU professionals around the world. If you have a passion for connecting people, are well organized, diligent, and like learning new things, we can't wait to talk with you!
 What you’ll be doing:
 Working directly with hackathon hosts to guide them through the event planning process.
 Responsible for facilitating application, registration, notification processes for each event.
 Helping at the events to handle online tools or logistics for in person events when needed.
 Responsible for data collection and management of the events.
 Maintaining and supporting gpuhackathons.org and openacc.org websites to ensure relevant content is published and new features are introduced on time.
 Help run promotional campaigns for upcoming events and programs.
 Manage blogs and newsletters including content creation and distribution.
 Support execution of nurturing programs
 What we need to see:
 Bachelors or Masters degree in business administration, marketing or related field (or equivalent experience)
 2+ years of experience
 Passionate about helping researchers take their science to the next level.
 Experience in data and project management.
 Excellent verbal, written communication, and interpersonal skills
 Ability to work in a constantly evolving environment with multiple events in a variety of time zones happening at the same time.
 Experience in website development and event management.
 Proficient in XLS automation and familiar with HTML.
 Ways to stand out from the crowd:
 Experience with Salesforce, WordPress or Drupal.
 Background in writing blogs, articles or website content.
 Proficient in social media marketing
 Experience in facilitating group training events.
 Background with C/C++, Fortran, Python or other programming languages.
 Basic knowledge of AI/HPC technologies
 The Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act requires that NVIDIA provide the compensation range and benefits offered for this position if performed in Colorado. The base salary range for this position in Colorado is $72,000.00 - 99,000.00 USD.
 NVIDIA also offers a comprehensive benefits package. We provide health care coverage, dental and vision, 401(K), including company matching and after tax contributions, Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company paid holidays, paid sick leave, vacation leave, professional time off, life and disability protection. Employees in eligible sales and positions may also be eligible for commission.
 Base pay is based on market location and may vary based on factors including experience, skills, education, and other job-related reasons.
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. NVIDIA Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Specialist jobs in New Jersey Jobs at NVIDIA in New Jersey Program Specialist salaries in New Jersey Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 240 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
