
 
 
 
 Business Intelligence Data Modeler - Milwaukee, WI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Business Intelligence Data Modeler CapB InfoteK Milwaukee, WI CapB is a global leader on IT Solutions and Managed Services. Our R&D is focused on providing cutting edge products and solutions across Digital Transformations from Cloud, AI/ML, IOT, Blockchain to MDM/PIM, Supply chain, ERP, CRM, HRMS and Integration solutions. For our growing needs we need consultants who can work with us on salaried or contract basis. We provide industry standard benefits, and an environment for LEARNING & Growth.
 
For one of our going on project we are looking for a Business Intelligence Data Modeler. The position is based out of Milwaukee.
 
 Responsibilities: 
The Business Intelligence Analyst performs a variety of project-oriented tasks to support the information needs of the organization.
 
This position is responsible for all phases of reporting, decision support, and data analysis activities including report design, measure development, data collection, summarization, and validation.
 
The BI Analyst exercises independent judgement and discretionary decision making related to managing multiple and more complex reporting projects.
 
The BI Analyst is proficient with analytical and reporting tools, database development, ETL processes, query languages, and database and spreadsheet tools.
 
The BI Analyst will participate in reporting and presentations to various levels of management and staff and may also be included in action plan development.
 
BI Analyst will have in depth experience with Power BI to create dashboards, data exploration, visualization, and data storytelling from concept to final deliverables.
 
Advanced experience with Power BI, Power BI dataflow and dashboard. Technical expertise with data modeling and design to interact with multiple sources of data.
 
Ability to write complex DAX code and SQL queries for data manipulation.
 
 Skills: 
10 years experience required to Data analysis.
 
10 years experience required to Dashboarding/Business Objects Xcelsius. CapB InfoteK 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Modeler jobs in Milwaukee, WI Jobs at CapB InfoteK in Milwaukee, WI Data Modeler salaries in Milwaukee, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from CapB InfoteK Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
