
 
 
 
 Economist - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Economist Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Seattle, WA Full-time Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description 
 PhD in Economics or closely related field 
 
Core AI is an interdisciplinary team on the cutting edge of economics, statistical analysis, and machine learning whose mission is to solve AI and ML problems that have high risk with abnormally high returns. Our team leverages the strengths of our engineers and scientists to build solutions for some of the toughest business problems here at Amazon.
 
We are looking for a seasoned economist who is able to provide structure, including sourcing, defining, and leveling, around complex and varied business problems. We seek creative thinkers who can combine a strong economic toolbox with a desire to learn from others, and who know how to execute and deliver on big ideas.
 
This role will be to work within Core AI to help support research and development on rapid proofs of concept for high-impact projects. The economist will have access to engineering and econometric tools, as well as Amazon's Scholar Residency Program, which consists of world-class academic scientists and researchers collaborating with internal partner teams to facilitate the delivery of Scholar led science into engineering systems
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Work within Core AI teams to consult with internal partner terms on collaboration opportunities and to assess potential for impact. 
 Own the development of economic models and manage the data analysis, modeling, and experimentation necessary to validate your model. 
 Effectively communicate econometric models to business teams and incorporate feedback into project analysis/modeling. 
 Strong research track record, drives results. 
 Effective verbal and written communications skills. 
 Exhibits high business judgment. 
 Dives deep, thinks big and has convictions 
 Experience in applied statistics, econometrics, or consulting. 
 Experience in applied economic analysis. 
 Experience in using one of Stata, R, or Python is required. 
 
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation. Amazon.com 12 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Economist jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Amazon.com Services in Seattle, WA Economist salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon.com Services LLC 74,699 reviews Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational ex... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
