
 
 
 
 DIRECTOR, INFORMATION CENTRE [Temporary] - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search DIRECTOR, INFORMATION CENTRE [Temporary] United Nations 814 reviews Washington, DC Temporary United Nations 814 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Temporary Full Job Description This position is located in the United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Washington D.C., within the Information Centres Service (ICS), Strategic Communications Division (SCD), Department of Global Communication (DGC). The UNIC Washington D.C. is the principal source of information about the United Nations system in the United States of America and is responsible for communicating the work of the United Nations to key stakeholders; engaging a range of partners in academia, media and think tanks; and facilitating visits of high-level UN officials to Washington D.C. 
 
The incumbent will report to the Under-Secretary-General for Global Communications through the Director of the Strategic Communications Division, and to the Executive Office of the Secretary-General.
 Responsibilities
 Within delegated authority, the Director is responsible for United Nations communications activities in Washington, D.C. and the greater United States; and in close coordination with the Executive Office of the Secretary General, for developing and maintaining high-level liaison with officials from the US Government, to include Administration officials and members and staff of the US Congress. The Director advises on current issues and developing policy in Washington, D.C. and its potential implications for the UN and its officials. 
 
Relationship Building: The Director builds and manages working relations with Congress, the Administration, the diplomatic community, businesses, think tanks, research centres, cultural and educational institutions, and various international organizations, as well as with US-based media, to represent the work and the goals of the UN. 
 
Engagement & Outreach: The Director develops and maintains outreach and advocacy efforts aimed at new and nontraditional target groups and identifies and establishes networks of partners within the work region. The Director also undertakes external speaking engagements and participates in conferences, panels, round tables, and seminars, as warranted. The incumbent performs other functions and special duties as required by UN Headquarters, including representing the UN at events and conferences. 
 
Visit Support: The Director is responsible for supporting the Secretary General, the Deputy-Secretary-General, and senior system-wide UN officials during their official visits to Washington, D.C., including by coordinating and managing meetings with US Government officials / Members of Congress, identifying appropriate opportunities for public engagements, and managing media opportunities. Where necessary, and in an effort to maintain consistency of messaging and information sharing, the Director should also lead the effort to brief visiting officials on the current landscape and policy implications in Washington, and provide follow-up, when requested. 
 
Communications: In line with the Global Communications Strategy for the United Nations, the Director is responsible for developing a new U.S.-UN Communications Strategy designed to inform and engage key stakeholders on UN goals, priorities, activities, and impact. The Director acts as a Spokesperson, presiding, as necessary, over press briefings organized by the UNIC; chairs interagency meetings of the UN representatives in Washington; provides a range of information services to other UN entities; and facilitates collaboration with other UN system partners in the work region on communications activities, including crisis communications, requiring a common approach. 
Management: The Director assumes full responsibility for the administration of UNIC Washington; supervises the Centre's personnel; manages UNIC activities and operational requirements, including budget, finance and procurement; monitors outputs and reports to DGC on a regular basis, and EOSG upon request. The Director provides leadership; and is a team leader who works collaboratively with colleagues to achieve organizational goals.
 Competencies
 PROFESSIONALISM: Demonstrated knowledge of US Government and US Congressional legislative and budget processes and UN-US relations. Ability to identify communications opportunities as well as to anticipate and pre-empt problems. Demonstrated knowledge of audience-focused strategic communications, crisis communications, and public information techniques, including use of social media. Ability to implement effective media campaigns and to develop products and activities targeting the media. A keen understanding of the UN and UN system and its priorities, as well as of the Global Communications Strategy for the UN. Demonstrated knowledge of global affairs and the UN. Familiarity with the non-governmental institutions and the media of the United States. Shows pride in work and in achievements. Demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter. Is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results. Is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns. Shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges. Remains calm in stressful situations.
 
 
COMMUNICATION: Speaks and writes clearly and effectively. Listens to others, correctly interprets messages from others and responds appropriately. Asks questions to clarify, and exhibits interest in having two-way communication. Tailors language, tone, style and format to match the audience. Demonstrates openness in sharing information and keeping people informed.
 
 
CLIENT ORIENTATION: Considers all those to whom services are provided to be "clients " and seeks to see things from clients' point of view. Establishes and maintains productive partnerships with clients by gaining their trust and respect. Identifies clients' needs and matches them to appropriate solutions. Monitors ongoing developments inside and outside the clients' environment to keep informed and anticipate problems. Keeps clients informed of progress or setbacks in projects. Meets timeline for delivery of products or services to client.
 
 
LEADERSHIP: Serves as a role model that other people want to follow. Empowers others to translate vision into results. Is proactive in developing strategies to accomplish objectives. Establishes and maintains relationships with a broad range of people to understand needs and gain support. Anticipates and resolves conflicts by pursuing mutually agreeable solutions. Drives for change and improvement; does not accept the status quo. Shows the courage to take unpopular stands. Takes responsibility for incorporating gender perspectives and ensuring the equal participation of women and men in all areas of work.
 
 
JUDGEMENT/ DECISION-MAKING: Identifies the key issues in a complex situation, and comes to the heart of the problem quickly. Gathers relevant information before making a decision. Considers positive and negative impacts of decisions prior to making them. Takes decisions with an eye to the impact on others and on the Organization. Proposes a course of action or makes a recommendation based on all available information. Checks assumptions against facts. Determines that the actions proposed will satisfy the expressed and underlying needs for the decision. Makes tough decisions when necessary.
 Education
 Advanced university degree (Master's degree or equivalent) in communications, international relations, public policy, public information or a related field. A first-level university degree in combination with two additional years of qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.
 Work Experience
 A minimum of 15 years of progressively responsible experience in communications, journalism, public information, public affairs or a related field is required, including 5 years at the international level. 
Experience in managing high-level contacts with government officials, international organizations, civil society organizations and other target groups, particularly in the United States, is required. 
Experience working within the US Government is desirable. 
Experience in dealing with the international and US media for at least three years is desirable. 
At least five years’ work experience in the United Nations or similar international organization with a demonstrated knowledge of global affairs and the UN is desirable. 
Experience in managing a team of at least 10 staff in an international environment is desirable.
 Languages
 English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For this post, fluency in English is required. Knowledge of another official UN language is desirable.
 Assessment
 Evaluation of qualified candidates may include an assessment exercise and a competency-based interview.
 Special Notice
 Staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and to assignment by him or her. In this context, all staff are expected to move periodically to new functions in their careers in accordance with established rules and procedures.
 
 
The United Nations Secretariat is committed to achieving 50/50 gender balance in its staff. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position. 
 
The selection process for this job opening will be conducted pursuant to ST/AI/2010/3 on the "Staff Selection System" and include the compliance review process by a review body described in staff rule 4.15. In case of selection, a staff member of the United Nations Secretariat who meets the definition of "internal candidate" in staff rule 4.10 will be placed on a temporary assignment if he or she holds the same grade as the job opening; and a temporary promotion if he or she holds a lower grade than the job opening. If the regular incumbent vacates the position during such temporary assignment or promotion, the selected staff member will be laterally assigned, promoted or transferred to the position without further selection process under ST/AI/2010/3.
 United Nations Considerations
 According to article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter of the United Nations, the paramount consideration in the employment of the staff is the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity. Candidates will not be considered for employment with the United Nations if they have committed violations of international human rights law, violations of international humanitarian law, sexual exploitation, sexual abuse, or sexual harassment, or if there are reasonable grounds to believe that they have been involved in the commission of any of these acts. The term “sexual exploitation” means any actual or attempted abuse of a position of vulnerability, differential power, or trust, for sexual purposes, including, but not limited to, profiting monetarily, socially or politically from the sexual exploitation of another. The term “sexual abuse” means the actual or threatened physical intrusion of a sexual nature, whether by force or under unequal or coercive conditions. The term “sexual harassment” means any unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature that might reasonably be expected or be perceived to cause offence or humiliation, when such conduct interferes with work, is made a condition of employment or creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment, and when the gravity of the conduct warrants the termination of the perpetrator’s working relationship. Candidates who have committed crimes other than minor traffic offences may not be considered for employment. 
 
Due regard will be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on as wide a geographical basis as possible. The United Nations places no restrictions on the eligibility of men and women to participate in any capacity and under conditions of equality in its principal and subsidiary organs. The United Nations Secretariat is a non-smoking environment. 
 
The paramount consideration in the appointment, transfer, or promotion of staff shall be the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity. By accepting an offer of appointment, United Nations staff members are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General and assignment by him or her to any activities or offices of the United Nations in accordance with staff regulation 1.2 (c). In this context, all internationally recruited staff members shall be required to move periodically to discharge new functions within or across duty stations under conditions established by the Secretary-General.
 
 
Applicants are urged to follow carefully all instructions available in the online recruitment platform, inspira. For more detailed guidance, applicants may refer to the Manual for the Applicant, which can be accessed by clicking on “Manuals” hyper-link on the upper right side of the inspira account-holder homepage. 
 
The evaluation of applicants will be conducted on the basis of the information submitted in the application according to the evaluation criteria of the job opening and the applicable internal legislations of the United Nations including the Charter of the United Nations, resolutions of the General Assembly, the Staff Regulations and Rules, administrative issuances and guidelines. Applicants must provide complete and accurate information pertaining to their personal profile and qualifications according to the instructions provided in inspira to be considered for the current job opening. No amendment, addition, deletion, revision or modification shall be made to applications that have been submitted. Candidates under serious consideration for selection will be subject to reference checks to verify the information provided in the application. 
 
Job openings advertised on the Careers Portal will be removed at 11:59 p.m. (New York time) on the deadline date.
 No Fee
 THE UNITED NATIONS DOES NOT CHARGE A FEE AT ANY STAGE OF THE RECRUITMENT PROCESS (APPLICATION, INTERVIEW MEETING, PROCESSING, OR TRAINING). THE UNITED NATIONS DOES NOT CONCERN ITSELF WITH INFORMATION ON APPLICANTS’ BANK ACCOUNTS. United Nations 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Center Director jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at United Nations in Washington, DC Center Director salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from United Nations United Nations 814 reviews The United Nations is an international organization founded in 1945 after the Second World War by 51 countries committed to maintaining i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
