
 
 
 
 Data Privacy Counsel - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search This job has expired on Indeed Reasons could include: the employer is not accepting applications, is not actively hiring, or is reviewing applications Data Privacy Counsel Yext Washington, DC Yext (NYSE: YEXT) is building the next big thing in AI search, and the next big thing is answers. 
 
With the explosion of information and data online, search has never been more important. However, while the world of consumer search has innovated over time, enterprise search has not. In fact, the majority of enterprise search is powered by outdated keyword technology that only scans for keywords and delivers a list of hyperlinks rather than actually answering questions. Yext, the AI Search Company, offers a modern, AI-powered Answers Platform that understands natural language so that when people ask questions about a business online they get direct answers – not links. 
 
We have a big, audacious mission to transform the enterprise with AI search. To achieve that, we need bright minds and diverse perspectives to join our growing company and help us continue to disrupt an industry. Does this sound like you? 
Yext is seeking a talented and business-oriented privacy professional to join its growing Legal team as  Senior Counsel, Data Privacy.  The Senior Counsel will provide policy, regulatory and legal guidance, partnering with business units throughout the company, and will help drive the overall privacy and security program for the company globally. The position is based in New York or Washington, D.C. 
 
 What You'll Do 
 
 Advise company on data privacy and security regulations 
 Help develop and enforce company policies related to data privacy and security, working collaboratively with Product and other business units 
 Act as escalation point on commercial matters involving data privacy and security, including negotiation of DPA and other privacy-related provisions in commercial contracts 
 
 What You Have 
 
 5-7 years at a leading law firm, in-house, or a combination thereof 
 Strong subject matter expertise on Federal and State data privacy law, including CCPA/CPRA, HIPAA, GDPR 
 IAPP CIPP certification preferred 
 Flexibility and eagerness to work hard in fast-paced environment and meet tight deadlines 
 Highly organized, process-driven and client-focused team player 
 Law degree from an accredited U.S. law school and license to practice law 
 
 #LI-JP1 
Yext is committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture where every person is seen, heard and valued. We believe in equal employment opportunity and welcome employees and applicants of all races, colors, ethnicities, religions, creeds, national origins, ancestries, genetics, sexes, pregnancy or childbirth, sexual orientations, genders (including gender identity or nonbinary or nonconformity and/or status as a trans individual), ages, physical or mental disabilities, citizenships, marital, parental and/or familial status, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any characteristic protected under applicable law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. It is Yext's policy to provide reasonable accommodations to people with disabilities as required by law. If you have a disability that requires an accommodation in completing this application, interviewing, or participating in the employee selection process, please complete this form. Yext 30+ days ago original job Report job Counsel jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Yext in Washington, DC Counsel salaries in Washington, DC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
