
 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate Professor in Environmental and Global Health - Gainesville, FL 32611 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant/Associate Professor in Environmental and Global Health University of Florida 1,169 reviews Gainesville, FL 32611 Tenure track University of Florida 1,169 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Tenure track Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION 
The University of Florida’s College of Public Health and Health Professions invites applications and nominations for up to three Assistant or Associate Professor positions in Environmental and Global Health. The Department seeks to recruit dynamic Tenure-Track faculty members who will enhance the department’s research and scholarly activities, as well as teach and mentor undergraduate and graduate students. 
Department Overview:   ( https://egh.phhp.ufl.edu/ )  The department is located in the Health Professions, Nursing, and Pharmacy Complex and is part of the top ranked accredited College of Public Health and Health Professions. The college offers a diverse environment that serves as a hub to promote interdisciplinary collaborations across the Health Science Center and is well integrated with several institutes (e.g. Clinical Translational Research Institute, Center for Environmental and Human Toxicology, Emerging Pathogens Institute, Center for African Studies) which provides access to a myriad of resources and collaborations. The department administers a Master of Health Sciences Program in One Health and a PhD in Public Health with a concentration in Environmental Health or One Health and provides leadership to the MPH program in environmental health. Faculty also contribute to the undergraduate health science and public health programs through teaching and mentorship. Departmental faculty provide instructional and environmental and global health research expertise in diverse areas, such as environmental toxicology, environmental/climate change, exposure science, environmental determinants of diseases, pathogenic mechanisms of infectious diseases/agents and chemicals and global health nutrition. Our faculty engage in a variety of approaches including those based in computational/big data and ‘omics’ (focus areas: exposome, metabolomics, epigenomics, systems biology, microbiome analyses), epidemiological studies, and community engagement. 
JOB QUALIFICATIONS 
Minimum Requirements: Academic credentials should include a doctoral degree in environmental health, public health, toxicology, epidemiology, microbiology/infectious diseases, exposure science, AI/bioinformatics, or a related field. 
Preferred Qualifications: The successful candidates will have a distinguished record of scholarly achievement, extramural funding, and mentoring experience consistent with the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor. Candidates with established research in areas that synergize with current faculty (https://egh.phhp.ufl.edu/) are encouraged to apply. 
INSTRUCTIONS 
Interested applicants should submit a CV, letter of interest, and list of three references. Individuals from under-represented populations or backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Application review will begin immediately and continue until the position is filled. For further information about the position, contact the search committee chair, Song Liang, PhD, Associate Professor in the Department of Environmental and Global Health at songliang@phhp.ufl.edu. 
Final candidates will be required to provide official transcript to the hiring department upon hire. A transcript will not be considered “official” if a designation of “Issued to Student” is visible. Degrees earned from an education institution outside of the United States are required to be evaluated by a professional credentialing service provider approved by National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES), which can be found at http://www.naces.org/. 
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff. 
The University of Florida is An Equal Employment Opportunity Institution. If an accommodation due to a disability is needed to apply for this position, please call  352/392-2477  or the Florida Relay System at 800/955-8771 (TDD). Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the US. Searches are conducted in accordance with Florida's Sunshine Law. 
#Category=128 
 
OPEN DATE 
Oct 15, 2020 
CLOSE DATE 
Open Until Filled 
LOCATION 
Gainesville, FL 
UNIT 
33160000 - PHHP-ENVIRONMENTAL GLOBAL HLTH University of Florida 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Associate Professor jobs in Gainesville, FL Jobs at University of Florida in Gainesville, FL Associate Professor salaries in Gainesville, FL Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Florida 1,169 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
