
 
 
 
 Social Media and Community Manager - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Social Media and Community Manager Athenascope Mountain View, CA Remote What is Athenascope? We've spent the last couple of years working at the intersection of gaming media and structured neural networks. We’ve started with AI-powered highlights, game detection, clipping, and editing – and built a community passionate about the product and its potential. We have a strong start and a lot more products that we’re looking forward to building. 
 
Why us? Our interest in gaming starts at the top; our team comes from a mix of tech and gaming backgrounds, with a unanimous interest in games of all genres (e.g., we have an #animalcrossing Slack channel). Our seed round was led by First Round Capital and we’re well capitalized to take on the challenge. 
 
Where do you come in? We're looking for a social media manager with a knack for community who is excited to build a social and community content and strategy at a fast paced startup. We have an enthusiastic community plus a social-ready product and are looking forward to seeing you take it to the next level. 
 
Responsibilities 
 Develop and execute a content strategy for our social accounts 
Manage social accounts and route feedback + issues to the relevant stakeholders 
Develop and run community programs, initiatives, and campaigns
 Work with team members to integrate social opportunities, community-building features, and community feedback into our roadmap 
Monitor, analyze, and report relevant data from our Social and Community platforms
 Build relationships with our community members 
 What you bring 
 4+ years of experience in Social Media and/or Community Management 
Experience in and excitement for creating and modifying video content 
Excellent communication, writing, and people skills 
Experience designing & launching social strategies and/or community programs 
Excellent organizational and time management skills 
Attention to detail and ability to prioritize 
 Pluses 
 Passionate about gaming and the streaming industry 
Familiar with the gaming subcultures on Discord, Twitter, Tiktok, etc. 
Experience at a startup 
 Apply 
 
This position is open to be fully remote or on site in Mountain View, CA. To apply, send your resume and cover letter to jobs@athenascope.com. The subject line should be the job title. Athenascope 14 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Social Media Community Manager jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Athenascope in Mountain View, CA Social Media Community Manager salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Athenascope Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
