
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - San Jose, CA 95131 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist PayPal 1,415 reviews San Jose, CA 95131 PayPal 1,415 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Who we are: Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 375 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. 
 Job Description Summary: At PayPal, we’re reinventing how the world pays and gets paid. We understand that it’s about people. We connect individuals to let them shop, get paid, invest, donate and send money using today’s technology with the confidence that comes from the security and control PayPal enables. Are you ready to help us change the world? As a Data Scientist in PayPal’s Global Data Science organization, you will have an impact on PayPal’s product and marketing all around the world. Our data scientists work to better understand our end-users, identify growth opportunities and improve our products and marketing outreach by creating personal and smart experiences. Making use of PayPal’s endless amount of data, you will leverage your data and machine learning skills for research and delivery of end-to-end ML solutions. If you are a Data Scientist with sharp analytical skills and a passion for deriving new insights, solving unique challenges, leveraging machine learning algorithms, and working in a highly collaborative, values-driven environment – then PayPal’s Global Data Sciences (GDS) is looking for you. 
 Job Description:
 What does Success Look Like? 
In your role as a Data-Scientist, you will: 
Work with partners to translate business challenges into Data Science problems 
Mine data and extract information in PayPal’s Big Data environment 
Leverage Machine Learning algorithms to solve real-life problems 
Work with engineers and product managers to develop and deliver E2E data science driven solutions that bring real business value 
Analyze various kinds of data to conclude actionable insights 
Carry out independent research and innovation in ML and technological domains, while supporting existing projects 
About You 
 Masters or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, etc.) 
1 to 2 years relevant work experience - an advantage 
Code writing capability in any programming language (Python, R, Java, Scala, etc.) and familiarity with relevant ML packages. 
Strong analytical skills 
Excellent spoken and written English 
Team worker, responsible, delivery-oriented 
 Hadoop experience (PIG, Hive, Spark) is a plus to have but not required. 
 We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. 
 PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Paypal 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at PayPal in San Jose, CA Data Scientist salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from PayPal PayPal 1,415 reviews 	Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to demo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
