
 
 
 
 Associate Data Scientist - Emeryville, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Data Scientist Callisto Media 8 reviews Emeryville, CA Callisto Media 8 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company We combine the power of Big Data, technology, and lean economics. We discover the information people are searching for and provide it. We help transform lives. 
Callisto will be unmatched in providing products, services, and experiences to a diverse universe. From mainstream populations to groups that traditional companies believe are too small or economically unfeasible to address, we will meet their needs. 
Today, we’re the fastest growing company in the $106 billion global publishing industry, and our primary method for meeting peoples’ needs is through long-form content in books. But creating books for them is only the beginning. 
This role will conduct analyses on a wide range of topics including business strategy, content production, marketing, and financials. It will be responsible for independently designing, executing, and presenting research findings, as well as working with stakeholders to create data-driven internal tools and processes. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Execute research projects independently start to finish: 
Work with stakeholders to define projects for maximum business impact. 
Design methodology and execute research, including as appropriate: experiments and A/B testing, statistical inference and modeling, machine learning, and text analysis. 
Understand how research findings impact business decisions and make recommendations for data-driven processes. 
Write and present reports for both technical and non-technical stakeholders. 
Work with Product Management and Engineering teams on internal tools and data infrastructure. 
Follow data governance best practices and maintain the integrity of company data. 
Follow reproducible research best practices.Follow productionized coding standards. 
Coordinate technical and non-technical communication and problem-solving with other departments such as Engineering, Product Management, E-commerce, and Content. 
 
 
Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree required; master’s degree or higher in a relevant discipline strongly preferred 
3+ years experience with data analysis and artificial intelligence methods in R or Python 
3+ years experience with statistics, research design, and methodology 
Proven experience answering complex, multi-causal research questions 
Proven experience translating data findings into actionable business insights 
Excellent written and oral communication 
Ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects with minimal supervision 
Experience with causal reasoning/causal inference preferred 
Experience with Evolutionary and/or Agile development preferred 
#LI-db1 
 Join us! We are a team where data drives our decisions. Where culture matters. We put our customers first and they embody our core values. We’re entrepreneurial and focused in our approach. We challenge each employee to experiment and drive results while feeling empowered to do their best work each and every day. 
 
Callisto Media offers a competitive salary, full benefits, 401k, stock options, for full-time employees, as well as a friendly working environment. Callisto Media 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Emeryville, CA Jobs at Callisto Media in Emeryville, CA Data Scientist salaries in Emeryville, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Callisto Media Callisto Media 8 reviews We combine the power of Big Data, technology, and lean economics. We discover the information people are searching for and provide it. We... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
