
 
 
 
 Application Lead, Global Business Intelligence - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Application Lead, Global Business Intelligence Apple 10,413 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Apple 10,413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Sep 9, 2021 
Role Number: 200285336 
At Apple, extraordinary ideas have a way of becoming excellent products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Would you like to work in a fast-paced environment where your technical abilities will be challenged on a day-to-day basis? If so, Apple's Global Business Intelligence (GBI) team is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to build high quality, scalable and resilient distributed systems that power Apple's analytics platforms and data pipelines. Apple's Enterprise Data Warehouse landscape caters to a wide variety of real-time, near real-time and batch analytical solutions. These solutions are an integral part of business functions like Sales, Operations, Finance, AppleCare, Marketing and Internet Services, enabling business drivers to make critical decisions. We utilize proprietary and open source technologies, Kafka, Spark, Iceberg, Airflow, Presto, etc. If you are looking to solve infrastructure problems at scale, both on-prem or in cloud, focusing on ease of use, ease of maintenance and most importantly implement solutions that are scalable, you will have fun in GBI! If you enjoy learning new technologies, solving challenges with little mentorship, and are comfortable proposing and implementing solutions, demonstrating Software Engineering standard methodologies, you will find it rewarding to work in GBI! The ideal candidate for this position will be able to think outside of the box and should have passion for building engineering solutions to enable business in making time sensitive and critical decisions. 
Key Qualifications 
In-depth understanding of fundamentals of object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, and problem solving 
Demonstrate passion for excellence in Software Engineering processes, including test driven development 
Experience in crafting and implementing scalable solutions demonstrating standard methodologies such as Infrastructure as Code 
Strong experience in multi-thread, concurrent programming and synchronization 
Programming experience in building high quality software. Skills with Java, Python or Scala preferred 
Demonstrate rich experience in development processes and agile methodologies 
Ability to see the bigger picture impact of decisions 
Strong analytical and interpersonal skills 
Self-starter, highly motivated and ability to learn quickly 
Work/project experience with big data and advanced programming languages is a plus 
Experience developing Big Data/Hadoop applications using java, Spark, hive, oozie, Kafka, and Map Reduce is a huge plus! 
Experience in public cloud is a plus 
Description 
Drive data, AI/ML, infrastructure solutions
Identify problem areas, suggest and deliver scalable solutions
Collaborate with multi-functional teams – this is crucial to be successful at Apple 
Education & Experience 
Bachelor's Degree 
Additional Requirements 
Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants. 
We at Apple we are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Learn more. Apple 6 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Analyst jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Business Intelligence Analyst salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,413 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
