
 
 
 
 Intelligence Analyst (TS/SCI required) - Herndon, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Intelligence Analyst (TS/SCI required) BlackSky Herndon, VA Clearance Requirement:   The successful candidate must hold an Active TS/SCI security clearance for which the US Government Requires US Citizenship. 
 
Job Location: Herndon, VA 
 
About Us: 
 
BlackSky  is a geospatial intelligence solutions provider that enables organizations to task, collect, and transform data from earth observation, global sensor networks, mobile devices, and social media to deliver on-demand insights about places, events, and assets that are critical to their operations. Blacksky provides satellite collection, data, and cloud based -processing and analytic solutions to organizations that are capitalizing on the exponential growth of a wide range of sensor and collection platforms for delivering the next generation of GEOINT and location intelligence solutions. BlackSky has extensive expertise and capabilities in commercial remote sensing, multi-source analytics, cloud computing, open source software development, Amazon Web Services, and big data geospatial analytics. BlackSky provides solutions to commercial and government organizations with relevant programs with the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency (NGA), US. Army, and U.S. Air Force Research Labs. 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
 
BlackSky is looking for a creative and responsive intelligence analyst with an imagery or GIS analysis background to assist government customers in developing custom analytic solutions and making the best use of existing capabilities. As part of our geospatial solutions group, you will spend time with our customers understanding their workflows and needs, conduct outreach and training sessions, and consolidate your customer understanding into useful feedback and requirements to guide future program activity, product offerings, and software feature requests. 
 
This position is a critical element of the BlackSky government customer-facing team and the candidate will be expected to work with program management, systems engineers, developers, and customers to ensure consistent and accurate information flow both to and from the customer. The ideal candidate has strong organizational and communication skills; an understanding of government agency functions at a practical and macro level, experience exploiting satellite imagery; and success working in a role with considerable day-to-day variation. Additionally, the ideal candidate has demonstrated the ability to manage their own efforts over a broad scope of work as an independent contributor. Finally, the candidate should be an independent thinker with the demonstrated ability and willingness to lean in, learn about company capabilities, and provide thoughtful input on customer-related problem sets. 
 
This position will be based out of our Herndon, VA office and will involve working at customer sites part of the time. 
 
 
The successful candidate will: 
 
 Take active role in communicating with and training government customers 
 Document customer needs and work with team members to develop roadmaps 
 Work with systems engineers and developers to identify 
 Expand on existing customer-facing documentation and training material 
 Collaborate with management and technical team on product strategy 
 
 
Qualifications: 
 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 S. government clearance at TS//SCI level 
 5+ years of hands-on experience working with GIS data and/or satellite imagery 
 Demonstrated understanding of geospatial intelligence components, workflows and outputs 
 Facility with imagery and GIS tools including but not limited to RemoteView, ESRI software, SOCET GXP, QGIS, Cedalion, iSpy, etc. 
 Bachelor's Degree or higher in a relevant field 
 Experience working within or alongside U.S. government consumers of geospatial intelligence 
 Ability to teach/train others in formal or informal environments 
 
 Desired Skills: 
 
 All-source or multi-INT experience 
 Open Source experience 
 Some experience with software development processes 
 Familiarity with basic AI/ML concepts 
 Ability to use basic HTML or wiki text 
 Experience scripting to manipulate data and compute metrics in a language such as python 
 
 BlackSky is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer All Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 
EEO/AAP/ Pay Transparency Statements:  https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf 
 https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf 
 
To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) you must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. BlackSky 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Intelligence Analyst jobs in Herndon, VA Jobs at BlackSky in Herndon, VA Intelligence Analyst salaries in Herndon, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BlackSky Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
