
 
 
 
 Full-Time Software Engineering Opportunities at Apple - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full-Time Software Engineering Opportunities at Apple Apple 10,413 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Full-time Apple 10,413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jun 15, 2021 
Role Number: 200256149 
Apple is a place where people from all backgrounds get together to do their life’s best work. Come join us.
At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services and customer experiences very quickly. Bring your passion to your job and there’s no telling what you could accomplish. Apple offers a collaborative work environment that fosters creativity and innovation.
Every new product, service, or feature we invent is the result of people working together to make each other’s ideas stronger. That happens here because every one of us strives toward a common goal — creating the best customer experiences. Just one example:
The incredibly advanced camera features in every new iPhone are not the result of a few dozen people. They’re the product of hundreds of optical technology experts who complement each other’s thinking. Multiply that effort across every feature in every Apple product, and you’ll get an idea of how important collaboration is here.
We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continuously reimagining our products and practices to help people do what they love in new ways. That’s why Apple welcomes you for who you are and who you want to become. 
Key Qualifications 
Some of the relevant degrees include: Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer/Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Data Science, Design, Industrial & Systems Engineering, Physics, Optical Engineering or related degrees. 
Areas of Work: 
Machine Learning Engineering 
Software Engineering 
Description 
Below are the various areas you can explore:
Architecture
This group pushes the boundaries across all Apple devices. They drive Apple’s system-on-chip (SoC) architecture; develop algorithms for platform power, performance, and thermal management; and develop forward-looking prototype systems. They also build and deploy software development tools and distributed computing for the Apple engineering community. Areas of work include CPU Architecture, SoC Architecture, Systems Architecture, Security Microarchitecture, Platform Engineering, Power/Thermal Architecture, GPU Systems Architecture, Modeling Architecture Engineering, Machine Learning, Data Science, and Wireless Systems Architecture.
Machine Learning and AI
Machine learning and AI continue to grow in importance for virtually every Apple product and service, so your contributions in these fields can make an impact on many groups here. You’ll help develop algorithms that solve some of the most complex AI problems, integrating your work into powerful neural processors to provide speed and efficiency for a great user experience. And you’ll do it with the help of privacy experts to ensure users’ privacy is respected. Come shape what these predictive technologies will do as part of Face ID, ARKit, Animoji, and many other features, including those yet to come. Areas of work include Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Data Science, and Deep Learning.
Sensor Technologies
Features like gesture-reading sensors and fingerprint-recognizing Touch ID are perfect examples of what this group can do when they work with the hardware and software groups and many others throughout Apple. Areas of work include Sensing Hardware Engineering, Sensing ASIC Architecture, Algorithm Engineering, Machine Learning Engineering, Deep Learning, Firmware Engineering, Software Engineering, Quality Assurance Engineering, and User Studies and Human Factors Engineering.
Software Engineering
Help us build the next generation of interactive software for our platforms. Within Hardware Engineering, we have software teams responsible for drivers, firmware, software, and algorithms for sensors, input devices, and charging accessories as well as building the cutting-edge new technologies and products for Augmented Reality. These teams have worked on heart rate, wrist detection, multitouch, force, haptics, and Camera (RGB and depth), video codecs, computer vision/machine learning for features like SLAM and FaceID, ARKit, Reality Kit, and Reality Composer, in addition to unannounced projects. Areas of work include Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Drivers, Firmware, Prototyping, User Studies/Failure Analysis, AR Applications, Applied Research, Platform Engineering, Frameworks, and Algorithms.
Software Quality, Automation, and Tools
Make simple look easy. In this group, you’ll ensure our low level software, operating systems, apps, and services to run as smoothly as each was designed to. To get there, team members test and qualify all OS releases and applications across all Apple platforms, and develop the infrastructure, platform, and tools to do it. Areas of work include Quality Assurance Engineering, Integration Engineering, Software Developer in Test Engineering, Applications Engineering, Software Compatibility Engineering, Automation Engineering, and Tools Development. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Software Engineer salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,413 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
