
 
 
 
 Practice Innovation Manager - Minneapolis, MN 55402 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Practice Innovation Manager Fredrikson & Byron, P.A. Minneapolis, MN 55402 Fredrikson & Byron, a leading Midwest law firm, has an exciting position available for a professional who is passionate about driving innovation in legal service delivery through people, process, and technology. 
 
This position will support and promote the use of legal project management, process improvement, innovation and legal technology within legal departments and on client matters, driving adoption of these principles by our attorneys and staff. The Practice Innovation Manager will interact with attorneys, staff and clients to identify client and practice needs, pain points and challenges that could be addressed with technology, legal project management, process improvement and/or other innovation and collaborate to implement solutions. This position will also lead the evaluation and selection of new practice technologies and practice workflows, working closely with IT and the legal departments throughout the process; monitoring and evaluating new practice technologies and identifying gaps. This position reports to Practice Management but requires close collaboration and a strong relationship with attorneys, practice managers and IT. 
 
Experience/Skills Required 
  Bachelor’s degree required; paralegal experience or Juris doctor a plus.  5+ years of professional experience required, preferably in a law firm, legal department or legal technology company.  Business analysis and project management experience preferred. Understanding of typical litigation and transactional practice workflows and processes a plus.  Experience in implementation and/or support of legal technology solutions preferred. 
Experience with automation tools (Contract Express), AI-enabled due diligence review tools (Kira, Luminance), client extranets (HighQ), legal budgeting tools (Intapp Pricing), project management tools (Smartsheet, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Planner, Microsoft Lists) and data analytics platforms (Tableau, Microsoft PowerBI) a plus. 
 
Applications will only be accepted online at www.fredlaw.com/careers, and applicants will be asked to submit a resume and cover letter. For assistance with the application process, or for accommodations, please contact recruiting@fredlaw.com 
 
Fredrikson & Byron is a leading Midwest law firm working collaboratively to help businesses achieve their goals regionally, nationally, and globally. With a reputation as the firm “where law and business meet,” our attorneys and staff bring business acumen and entrepreneurial thinking to operate as business advisors, strategic partners, and legal counselors to our clients. The firm’s 300+ attorneys are based in Minneapolis, with offices in Bismarck, Des Moines, Fargo, Mankato, St. Paul, Saltillo, Mexico, and Shanghai, China. Visit www.fredlaw.com for more information. 
 
Fredrikson & Byron, P.A. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. 
 
We are not accepting search firm submissions for this position at this time. Fredrikson & Byron, P.A. 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Innovation Manager jobs in Minneapolis, MN Jobs at Fredrikson & Byron in Minneapolis, MN Innovation Manager salaries in Minneapolis, MN Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
