
 
 
 
 Associate Director, Data Strategy & Partnerships - West Point, PA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Director, Data Strategy & Partnerships Merck 4,198 reviews West Point, PA Full-time Merck 4,198 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description 
Subject to applicable law, all prospective hires will be required to demonstrate that they have been fully vaccinated for COVID-19 or intend to be vaccinated for COVID-19 by November 1, 2021, or qualify for a medical or religious accommodation to this vaccination requirement. Hired candidates who are not vaccinated by November 1, 2021, and who have not been approved for a legally-required medical or religious accommodation will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment, subject to applicable law. 
The Center for Observational and Real-world Evidence (CORE) is looking for an Associate Director of Data Strategy & Partnerships with expertise in data strategy, data sciences, and informatics to contribute to the development, exchange, and communication of evidence that demonstrates the value of our Company's pharmaceuticals and vaccines and provides our customers (payers, providers, patients, policy makers) with transformative insights. The candidate filling this position will be working in a multi-faceted, fast-paced, cross-functional environment interfacing both externally with vendors, and internally with our Company's leaders. 
Responsibilities include (but are not limited to): 
Horizon scanning and developing strategic partnerships to accelerate and generate insights that inform healthcare decisions and policy through novel studies, methods, and technologies 
Leading and conducting data analytic projects using standard and advanced analytic methods 
Leading knowledge management and data innovation initiatives to increase access to and interoperability of data, models, analytics, and evidence 
Establishing rapid, interactive, and self-service analytic and data visualization capabilities and workflows 
Advancing the development and diffusion of open-source health economic modeling methodologies 
Leading value analytic and informatics initiatives in the Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics (OHDSI), Healthcare Information Management Systems Society (HIMSS), and/or American Medical Informatics Association (AMIA) communities 
Maintaining awareness and communication of scientific and technologic developments within the fields of data science, informatics, and health technology assessment (HTA) 
Advancing, presenting, and publishing novel methodologies in the fields of data science and informatics at international/national congresses and in scientific and technology journals 
We are seeking a team-oriented individual that is comfortable working independently and can initiate and execute innovative projects that bridge data science, informatics, and emerging technologies. The individual should also be comfortable solving complex problems across multi-functional teams (e.g., the Value Evidence Sub-team) and the product development lifecycle, bring a flexible mindset with the ability to identify, generate, and evaluate alternatives best suited to business needs, and have entrepreneurial and intellectual curiosity applied to understanding and utilization of human health data. 
Education Minimum Requirement: 
Masters Degree or Doctoral Degree in epidemiology, genetics, health services research, informatics, biostatistics, computer science, engineering, public health, policy, medicine, or a related discipline. 
Required Experience and Skills: 
3+ years hands on experience in the design and implementation of quantitative science methods in the healthcare industry 
Demonstrated excellence in interpersonal communications (written and oral) and consistent ability to execute on objectives 
Entrepreneurial and evidence of intellectual curiosity 
Preferred Experience and Skills: 
Experience applying artificial intelligence, predictive analytics, and emerging technologies 
Leadership experience in the OHDSI, HIMSS, and/or AMIA communities 
Experience developing health and medical informatics 
Experience in business development and critically evaluating data and analytics capabilities 
We are a research-driven biopharmaceutical company. Our mission is built on the simple premise that if we “follow the science” and that great medicines can make a significant impact to our world. And we believe that a research-driven enterprise dedicated to world-class science can succeed by inventing medicine and vaccine innovations that make a difference for patients across the globe. 
Who we are …
 We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world. 
What we look for …
 In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. 
NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS 
In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions. 
If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor. 
US and Puerto Rico Residents Only: 
Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process. 
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination 
We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace. 
Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully 
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails. 
Employee Status:
 Regular 
Relocation: 
Domestic 
VISA Sponsorship: 
Travel Requirements: 
10% 
Flexible Work Arrangements: 
Shift: 
Valid Driving License: 
Hazardous Material(s): 
Number of Openings:
 1 
Requisition ID: R135835 Merck 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Partnerships jobs in West Point, PA Jobs at Merck in West Point, PA Director of Partnerships salaries in West Point, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Merck Merck 4,198 reviews For 130 years, Merck, known as MSD outside of the United States and Canada, has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and v... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
