
 
 
 
 Data Science - Palo Alto, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Science Nauto Palo Alto, CA NautoⓇ is the only real-time AI-powered Driver Behavior Learning Platform able to predict, actively prevent, and rce high-risk events in the mobility ecosystem. By analyzing billions of data points from over 400 million AI-analyzed video miles, Nauto’s machine learning algorithms continuously improve and help to impact driver behavior before events happen, not after. Nauto has enabled the largest commercial fleets in the world to avoid more than 25,000 collisions, resulting in nearly $100 million in savings. 
 
Nauto is located in North America, Japan, and Europe. Nauto is backed by SoftBank Vision FundGroup Corp., Greylock Partners, BMW iVentures, General Motors Ventures, Toyota AI Ventures, Allianz Group, Playground Global and DNX Ventures. 
 
Responsibilities 
 
 Build risk models and analyses based on real-life data from large vehicle fleets and insurance companies 
 Work on ROI calculation and understanding the impact of different risk factors on collisions 
 Work with and create large datasets to discover insights helpful in developing new approaches and algorithms to advance the state of the art in transportation safety 
 Work closely with Data Infrastructure engineers to build scalable and automated datasets, analyses and models 
 
 Experiences and Skills 
 
 Practical experience with data science and machine learning methods, common cloud-based data analysis tools and frameworks Spark, SQL, Pandas, AWS, PySpark, etc). 
 Passion for communication based on data, across business and engineering teams, including leadership and customers. 
 Excellent SQL skills. 
 Solid mathematical and statistical background. 
 Solid skills programming in Python. 
 Passionate about transportation safety. 
 Hands-on and versatile data scientist with practical experience building predictive models using diverse data sources at scale. 
 Collaborative mindset when working with engineering teams to implement data models and data gathering infrastructure in production. 
 Independent thinker capable of uncovering insights in data to inform our roadmap. 
 Entrepreneurial personality is a plus. 
 M.Sc or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Math, Physics or similarly quantitative-heavy background. 
 
 We have all the perks of a Valley startup, including: 
 
 Experienced leadership with a great track record of growing startups 
 Learning and development opportunities from a highly diverse and talented peer group including experts in a wide range of fields such as Artificial Intelligence & Computer Vision, Systems & Device Engineering, and Support & Operations 
 Comfortable co-working environment and communal problem solving 
 We love Hackathons! 
 Free lunch, dinner, snacks, drinks, daily 
 Fun activities like weekly happy hour, daily group workouts and occasional nerf battles. We even have a puzzle club! 
 We are a dog-friendly environment 
 We are in the heart of Palo Alto, walking distance from the Caltrain station. 
 
 We also have all the best benefits, including: 
 
 Stock options 
 Coverage for (health, dental, vision) including qualified dependents 
 Healthcare spending accounts (FSA, HSA) 
 401K 
 Commuter assistance 
 Up to 20 weeks of parental leave 
 Flexible PTO 
 
 Nauto is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters learning from each other. We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to providing a work environment free of harassment and discrimination. 
 
To all recruitment agencies: Nauto does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Nauto employees or any other company location. Nauto is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Nauto 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Palo Alto, CA Jobs at Nauto in Palo Alto, CA Data Scientist salaries in Palo Alto, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Nauto Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
