
 
 
 
 Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist- Knowledge Graphs - San Jose, CA 95113 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist- Knowledge Graphs Accenture 20,804 reviews San Jose, CA 95113 Full-time Accenture 20,804 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries, we offer Strategy and Consulting, Interactive, Technology and Operations services—all powered by the world’s largest network of Advanced Technology and Intelligent Operations centers. Our 537,000 people deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity every day, serving clients in more than 120 countries. We embrace the power of change to create value and shared success for our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. Visit us at  www.accenture.com . 
In today’s business environment, growth isn’t just about building value—it's fundamental to long-term business survival. So how do organizations sustain themselves? The key is a new operating model—one that's anchored around the customer and propelled by intelligence to deliver exceptional experiences across the enterprise at speed and at scale. You will deliver breakthrough business outcomes for clients—by harnessing talent, data and intelligence to revolutionize their operating models. 
Operations is one of four services that make up one Accenture –the others are Strategy and Consulting, Interactive and Technology. 
Job Description: 
The  Applied Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research Scientist- Knowledge Graphs  role entails end to end design and development of a functional components of an AI solution within the Artificial Intelligence, Insights and Intelligence group. Active collaboration with clients/client teams and broader AI, business, product, engineering, testing, and deployment teams within Accenture is expected. 
About the Team: 
Artificial Intelligence team focuses on building scalable enterprise AI solutions that augment the humans/agents' capabilities. The focus is to make the business processes more efficient thereby enhancing the overall end user experience and delivery metrics. The team works with clients across diverse domains such as Finance and Accounting, Customer Engagement, Marketing, Talent and HR, Procurement, Content Moderation spanning across industries among many others. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Translate business requirements into technical requirements 
Analyze data and prepare it to build AI models 
Design and prototype novel Knowledge Graph-based systems for applications in finance, social media, healthcare, HR, among others. 
Use graph inference algorithms and combine them with machine learning techniques in novel ways to solve problems for our clients. 
Benchmark the performance of AI models/ libraries that should be used for development 
Optimize the AI models built 
Integrate the functional component with the broader AI architecture 
Design target metrics of success for each AI deployment and test longitudinally 
 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Ph.D. or Masters 
Minimum of 2 years of work OR academic experience Labeled Property Graph databases (e.g. Neo4J, TigerGraph, AWS Neptune, Azure Cosmos DB, or similar) and Graph query languages (e.g. Gremlin, SPARQL, Cypher, or similar) 
Minimum of 2 years of work OR academic experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence techniques including natural language processing (NLP), deep learning, or computer vision 
Minimum of 2 years of experience in programming languages (such as Python, Java or R) and database query languages (such as SQL) 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Preferred degree concentrations - Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Mining, Machine Learning or related scientific fields 
Prototyping and building knowledge graphs, graph taxonomies and ontologies 
Experience in Resource Description Framework (RDF) 
Ability to understand business context, generate ideas, and come up with creative solutions 
Solid familiarity with Graph Machine Learning methods particularly Graph Embeddings and Graph Neural Networks 
Experience combining graph-based inference algorithms with machine learning approaches 
Experience with temporal knowledge graphs 
Proven programming skills to enable rapid prototyping and implementation of solutions 
Experience in product development particularly applying Artificial Intelligence 
Team player mindset and ability to work in a global collaborative team environment 
Experience with communicating insights and presenting concepts to diverse audiences 
Proficient verbal and written communication skills in English 
As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado  only , the range of starting pay for this role is $ 83,200 -$134,999  and  information on benefits offered is here. 
What We Believe 
We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. 
Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities.  Read more here 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation. 
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. 
For details, view a copy of the  Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement . 
Requesting An Accommodation 
Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired. 
If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at  1 (877) 889-9009 , send us an  email  or speak with your recruiter. 
Other Employment Statements 
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. Accenture 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in San Jose, CA Jobs at Accenture in San Jose, CA Research Scientist salaries in San Jose, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Accenture Accenture 20,804 reviews Accenture is a global professional services company with leading capabilities in digital, cloud and security. Combining unmatched experie... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
