
 
 
 
 Data Scientist (all levels) - Washington State - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist (all levels) Shelf Engine 4 reviews Washington State Remote $110,000 - $175,000 a year Shelf Engine 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $110,000 - $175,000 a year Full Job Description At  Shelf Engine , our mission is to  reduce food waste through automation . We harness the power of AI to provide real-time, intelligent forecasting and fully automated ordering to food retailers across the United States. We're able to drastically reduce the amount of food waste generated while simultaneously maximizing sales and expanding margins for grocers—a triple win for suppliers and retailers, consumers, and the environment. 
We are looking for Data Scientists of all levels to join our growing team. You will research, build, and deploy sophisticated models and tooling to solve complex supply chain and business problems on data at scale. You will apply your knowledge and experience in statistics and machine learning, your business acumen, and your skills in code and productionalization to prototype, launch, monitor, and iterate. Our team works on projects in forecasting, retail, supply chain, Bayesian modeling, machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, causal inference, optimization, A/B Testing, machine learning engineering, ML Ops, decision science, and data ops. 
 
If you are an experienced data scientist with a passion for solving complex problems, working with a highly collaborative and collegial team, and making a huge social impact, this may be your dream job. 
 
As a Data Scientist, you will: 
 
 Develop and deploy machine learning models and pipelines to work on data at scale 
 Own the end-to-end experience with R&D for production from design specs to launch 
 Learn and share knowledge with the team to determine strategies, solutions, and initiatives 
 Provide technical mentorship and expand training to improve data science best practices 
 Collaborate cross-functionally to frame problems technically and within the business context 
 Embrace our company principles through authentic and empathetic interactions with our team and customers 
 
 You might make a great Data Scientist if you have: 
 
 A Ph.D. in a related field 
 2+ years industry experience with some combination of: 
 Experience putting models into production or with a live online system 
 Experience working with big data (e.g. SQL, Spark) 
 Experience with performance monitoring and automated alerting 
 Experience with production ML tooling (e.g. Airflow, Databricks, Azure, AWS, or GCP) 
 Strong data science knowledge with an ability to drive clarity on modeling or other solutions 
 Demonstrable track record of dealing with ambiguity 
 Exceptional written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills 
 An attitude that is collaborative, collegial, and passionate about your impact 
 Eagerness to work at a rapid growth start-up 
 Comfort working in a primarily Python shop (i.e., pandas, scikit-learn, etc.) 
 Authorization to work in the U.S. for any employer 
 
 What Shelf Engine offers you: 
 
 A unique opportunity to join a fast-growing sustainability startup early on, making a meaningful impact on the team as well as the environment 
 An inclusive work environment that emphasizes each team member's personal and professional growth 
 Competitive salary in the range of $110,000 to $175,000 depending on skills and experience, with a variable component in the range between 5% and 20% for qualifying positions 
 Pre-IPO equity with a four-year vesting schedule 
 PTO that is unlimited and self-managed for full-time employees 
 100% employer-paid premiums for medical, dental, and vision insurance for employees, and 50% covered for eligible dependents 
 Coverage for life insurance, short- and long-term disability, and access to a robust Employee Assistance Program 
 Optional employee contribution of pre-tax dollars to medical and dependent care FSA accounts 
 401k plan through Guideline to contribute to your financial future 
 Seattle only: Company-paid ORCA transit card 
 
About Us: 
 
At Shelf Engine, you will join a team of driven, passionate, and caring people hungry to make change in an untapped industry. We're not only solving complex technical problems at scale but also tackling key initiatives with significant environmental impacts. Our team is determined to disrupt a massive industry and leave behind a positive legacy for generations to come. 
 
Shelf Engine is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Shelf Engine 14 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Washington State Jobs at Shelf Engine in Washington State Data Scientist salaries in Washington State Company Info Follow Get job updates from Shelf Engine Shelf Engine 4 reviews At Shelf Engine, our mission is to reduce food waste through automation. We harness the power of AI to provide real-time, intelligent for... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
