
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Scientist - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Scientist Amplitude San Francisco, CA About The Role & Team 
 
Amplitude is the digital optimization system for helping companies build better products. Our stellar teams create best-in-class self-serve (no-code) software products that customers love, including Amplitude Analytics, the #1 rated digital product analytics suite, and Amplitude Recommend, the first truly self-serve personalization engine that combines product analytics and automated machine learning. Our platform offers state of the art user behavior data monitoring and analytics techniques, empowering 45000+ digital products, reaching a scale that only a handful of companies globally can reach. 
 
The Data Science and Machine Learning team enables Amplitude to incorporate sophisticated machine learning and data mining solutions into our systems to allow our customers to better understand their users' behaviors, and thus improve user engagement and business outcomes. 
 
We are now looking for a top machine learning talent to join us in developing next generation machine learning technologies for product analytics and recommendation that will have a profound impact on hundreds of thousands digital businesses. For this particular role, you will be working with a team on sequential user behavior data based product relevance scoring, ranking, and recommendation. 
 
 As a Senior Machine Learning Scientist you will: 
 Implementing machine learning and data mining algorithms on distributed platforms to solve real-world product analytics, user behavior modeling problems, and product recommendation problems. 
 Designing new algorithms to find predictive patterns that combine heterogeneous data assets, including sequential user events data, unstructured text, and knowledge graph. 
 Automating machine learning algorithms within the production environment. 
 Working with engineering teams to support machine-learning algorithms in big data platforms. Supporting customized projects by designing and implementing algorithms and statistical mining in internal systems for authoring, training, and shipping models. 
   You'll be a great addition to the team if you have: 
 A master or Ph.D. degree in computer science or related areas with extensive research/project experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, data mining, optimization, natural language processing, etc. 
 An in-depth understanding of machine learning algorithms and modeling (supervised learning, semi-supervised or unsupervised learning including generative models, transfer learning, optimization, probabilistic graphical models, etc.) 
 Track record in developing machine learning solutions using massive real-world data for solving real world business problems. 
 Strong coding skills in Python with additional experience in Java and Scala. 
 In depth experience with Spark/Hadoop and either PyTorch/Tensorflow 
 Experience creating production environment data analytics and applications. 
 Who We Are 
 
The Company:  Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: we're tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
 
We care about the well-being of our team:  along with excellent health insurance, we offer flexible time off, a monthly wellness stipend, delicious in-office lunch, dinner, & snacks, commuting benefits, a 12-week parental leave, a generous Learning & Development stipend, and a full 10 year window to exercise your stock options. 
 
The Product:  Amplitude is a product intelligence platform– we help companies understand their users, rapidly release better product experiences, and grow their business. We're super proud of what we've built and continue to build on: a platform that enables companies to thrive. 
 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 
 Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Benchmark Capital, Y Combinator and other top tier investors. 
 Over twenty of the Fortune 100 are now customers of Amplitude as are innovative brands such as Atlassian, Twitter, FuboTV, and Thredup. 
 We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Amsterdam, London, and Paris. 
 Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on all your numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom. 
 
 Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. 
 
Amplitude's D&I Commitment:  Amplitude believes that diversity enables creation of better products, ability to solve complex problems, and drive more powerful solutions. In order to make diversity possible, we commit to striving to create an environment of inclusion: an environment focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection, which will allow employees of all backgrounds to feel the care they need to thrive. 
 
#LI-ME1 Amplitude 14 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Amplitude in San Francisco, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amplitude Amplitude is a mobile analytics company committed to providing user insights that help drive growth for app product teams. We’ve built an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
