
 
 
 
 Junior Level Sociologist - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Level Sociologist RAND Corporation 52 reviews Los Angeles, CA Full-time RAND Corporation 52 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Type:
 Regular
 Position Description
 RAND is looking for junior sociologists to work across a number of policy-relevant topics that fit into our primary research areas: social and economic well-being; health and health care; education and labor; organizations; military and national defense; and homeland security.
 We are interested in strong applicants in policy-relevant research areas. Quantitative and qualitative methodological skill sets are sought, which could include expertise in one or more of the following: causal analysis, longitudinal analysis, demographic methods, machine learning/artificial intelligence, computation analytics, survey methodology, focus groups, interviewing, and observational methodologies. RAND is also interested in innovative methodological approaches to research.
 Candidates will have opportunities to receive appointments and teach in the Pardee RAND Graduate School.
 Qualifications
 All research positions at RAND require excellent analytic skills; the ability to communicate clearly and effectively in English, both orally and in writing; the ability to work effectively as a member of an interdisciplinary team; and a strong commitment to RAND's core values of quality and objectivity.
 Education Requirements
 PhD in Sociology, Demography or related field.
 Demonstrated research skills and a strong interest in empirical analyses related to public policy.
 Experience
 Applicants should be currently completing a Ph.D. or have 1 to 5 years of post-graduate experience in an academic or non-academic research setting.
 Location
 RAND’s offices in Santa Monica, CA; Boston, MA; Washington, DC; or Pittsburgh, PA.
 Writing Sample Required
 Three letters of recommendation and a writing sample are required for this position. Letters of recommendation can be emailed to  socrecruiting@rand.org.
 For questions related to the application materials, please contact socrecruiting@rand.org.
 Application Deadline:  October 15, 2021
 Equal Opportunity Employer: race/color/religion/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/national origin/disability/vet RAND Corporation 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at RAND Corporation in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from RAND Corporation RAND Corporation 52 reviews RAND Corporation (Research ANd Development) is a nonprofit global policy think tank originally formed by Douglas Aircraft Company to offe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
