
 
 
 
 Computer Vision/Machine Learning Engineer (FT) - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computer Vision/Machine Learning Engineer (FT) Edgetensor Technologies Dallas, TX Full-time Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Edgetensor is a well-funded startup based in the USA and we are looking to hire exceptional candidates in Dallas, Texas with the following requirements: 
Computer Vision and Machine Learning engineer with in-depth technical background, 1-2 years of C++11 and python coding experience along with hands-on experience in CV/ML algorithm development and optimization. 
Must have a good grasp of the fundamentals of low-level computer vision. 
Must be familiar with deep learning architectures, understand computational complexity of network architectures and each layer, loss functions, and evaluation metrics. 
Familiarity with Linear Algebra and various loss functions used in machine learning/computer vision domains. 
Excellent C++11/14 coding skills with best practices, knowledge of STL library and features, data structures, programming pattern, experience with debugging and build tools. 
Please visit edgetensor.com and send your CV to contact@edgetensor.com 
 
About Edgetensor: 
We are an edge computing startup focused on building a data2deploy pipeline for delivering fast and efficient AI applications for commodity and custom hardware. Our applications cater to a wide variety of markets such as fleet/mobility, automotive, retail, and video intelligence in both retail and enterprise domains. At the core of our applications is the edge sensor AI SDK that is powered by our proprietary inference engine that runs on platforms ranging from low-power ARM devices to x64 servers. 
 
We work on a wide range of problems: (a) auto data labeling, (b) developing CV/ML algorithms using deep learning technique, (c) inference engine for fast inference of deep learning algorithms, (d) cross-platform (CPU and OS) AI applications, (e) application license management (online and offline), (g) health monitoring of applications and dashboard analytics on the cloud. 
 
If this excites you and you are one who thinks critically to raise the bar continuously we welcome you to be part of this exciting journey. Edgetensor Technologies 10 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Jobs at Edgetensor Technologies in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Edgetensor Technologies Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
