
 
 
 
 Graduate Studies Program-Computer Science - Washington, DC 20505 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Graduate Studies Program-Computer Science Central Intelligence Agency 206 reviews Washington, DC 20505 $81,861 - $90,242 a year  -   Full-time, Internship Central Intelligence Agency 206 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $81,861 - $90,242 a year Job Type Full-time Internship Full Job Description Computer Science graduate students work in an research and development or quick-turnaround environment on programs to develop tools and techniques that utilize emerging software/hardware development.
 
Internship
 Starting salary:  $81,861 - $90,242
 Bachelor's degree
 Full-time student enrolled in a graduate program of study
 
About the Job
 
As a Computer Science graduate student for CIA, you will work alongside full-time officers in an R&D or quick-turnaround environment on any number of different programs to develop tools and techniques that utilize emerging software/hardware development.
 
You will have the opportunity to use and enhance your knowledge of operating systems, communications technologies, mobile platforms, and computer networks.
 
At a minimum, students are required to work two 90-day tours prior to graduation with the option to complete additional tours depending on availability.
 
Who You’ll Work With
 
At the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), we recognize our Nation’s strength comes from the diversity of its people. People from a broad range of backgrounds and viewpoints work at CIA, and our diverse teams are the reason we can keep our country safe.
 
Read more about diversity and inclusion
 
What You’ll Get
 
 The CIA offers various benefits to students, including: 
Paid time off
 Federal health and life insurance
 Retirement
 Education and training
 Health services
 Child care center
 Credit union
 
As a CIA employee, you’ll also get the satisfaction of knowing your work is part of something bigger than yourself. Our work is driven by one mission: to keep our Nation safe. Every day is an opportunity to enhance U.S. national security.
 
Learn more about working at CIA
 
Minimum Qualifications
 Bachelor’s degree
 Full-time student pursuing a graduate degree in one of the following fields or related studies:
 Artificial Intelligence
 Computer Engineering
 Computer Science
 Data Science/Analytics
 Machine Learning
 Mathematics
 Networking
 Programming
 Project/Program Management
 Software Engineering
 Systems Engineering
 RF/Wireless Communications
 At least a 3.0 GPA on a 4-point scale
 Attending school on a full-time basis before/following this internship
 Availability to work at least one 90-day tour prior to graduation with the possibility to do additional tours depending on availability
 Creative problem solving and critical thinking skills
 Ability to function effectively in a fast-paced, mission-focused environment with multiple competing priorities
 Organizational and planning skills
 Written ad verbal communication skills
 Interpersonal skills
 Ability to meet the minimum requirements for joining CIA, including U.S. citizenship and a background investigation
 Desired Qualifications
 Ability to script/code
 What You’ll Need to Apply
 Resume
 Unofficial transcripts for all degrees in the past five years
 Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for one or more positions. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants. Central Intelligence Agency 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Science Graduate jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Central Intelligence Agency in Washington, DC Science Graduate salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Central Intelligence Agency Central Intelligence Agency 206 reviews The CIA is the nation’s premier agency for providing global intelligence in the ever-changing political, social, economic, technological ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
