
 
 
 
 Customer Experience Director - Scottsdale, AZ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Customer Experience Director Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Scottsdale, AZ Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Scottsdale, Arizona | Customer Experience | Full-time 
 
We’re looking for a Customer Experience Director to help lead and scale Lemonade’s world-class Customer Experience team. In this role, you’ll hire and coach an elite team of specialists to maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. 
 
Our ideal candidate is data-driven, but also understands the importance of empathy and compassion. Do you love helping others more than anything else? Are you detail-oriented, and an exceptional communicator? If so, this one might be for you. 
 
Please only apply if you have experience in scaling teams into the hundreds, and have previously coached and inspired a team of 100 or more employees. 
 
Requirements 
Experience maintaining company culture and employee satisfaction at any size 
Experience building a culture of ‘work hard/play hard’ filled with positivity, kindness and accountability 
Extensive knowledge of customer service principles and practices 
Solid understanding of tech startup culture 
Strong interpersonal skills, and a passion for creating the best customer experiences on the planet 
Experience with HR policies, office and facilities management - a plus 
About Lemonade 
Lemonade is a licensed insurance carrier offering renters, homeowners, life, and pet insurance in the United States, contents and liability insurance in Germany and the Netherlands, and renters insurance in France. We’re powered by artificial intelligence and behavioral economics, and driven by social good. 
A Certified B-Corp, Lemonade donates unused premiums to nonprofits selected by its community as part of our annual Giveback program. We incorporate our values into everything we do—from our business model to our office culture. Lemonade Insurance Company 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Customer Service jobs in Scottsdale, AZ Jobs at Lemonade Insurance Company in Scottsdale, AZ Director of Customer Service salaries in Scottsdale, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Lemonade Insurance Company 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
