
 
 
 
 Technology Education Lead - IBM Research - Cambridge, MA 02138 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Technology Education Lead - IBM Research IBM 30,898 reviews Cambridge, MA 02138 Full-time IBM 30,898 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Introduction 
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk. 
 
Your Role and Responsibilities 
As Technology Education Lead for IBM Research, you will lead our global effort to provide organizational learning content and programming for our clients as a principal aspect of our value proposition. The innovations produced in IBM Research are advanced in nature and span technologies including AI, hybrid cloud, and quantum computing. Our clients, being expert in their respective domains, rely on us not only to transfer our computing technologies, but to help them learn how these technologies work and how to use them effectively. Our educational programming for clients includes the provisioning of JupyterLab Notebook tutorials, expert lectures, explainer videos, researcher office hours, online textbooks, and more. An intellectually rewarding aspect of this job is that you will have a unique global view into all of our latest research, reviewing work and creating content to put it in people's hands for experimentation and impact. In addition to your hands-on leadership in creating technical educational content, you will engage clients directly on the leadership teams for our flagship client deals ($100+M) with an educational component. This being a new effort in IBM with regard to the formalization of technology education, you will have the opportunity to develop a vision, grow a team, and execute. Your success will not only benefit clients, but the IBM community itself by virtue of making our pre-product innovations accessible to wider communities than our PhD research scientists alone. 
 
Required Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Strong Python skills and significant experience with Jupyter notebooks, Git, REST API's, popular AI libraries and frameworks 
Significant experience creating technology education curricula 
Significant working experience using AI, hybrid cloud, and/or quantum computing technologies in practice 
Demonstrated ability to comprehend technical research papers, find the story, and communicate it to non-experts 
Ability to tell a story with code, including cleaning up imperfect "research code" to make it more clear and accessible 
Strong organizational management abilities including the use of relational database management systems (we use Airtable) 
Masters, Ph.D., or equivalent experience in artificial intelligence or a related field 
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise 
 
Basic working knowledge of DevOps practices and code hygiene, including proper versioning control and continuous integration, code reviews, unit testing, branch testing, integration testing, and security testing. 
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, and/or OpenShift 
About Business UnitWith more than 3,000 researchers in 12 labs located across six continents, IBM Research brings together hundreds of researchers who possess unparalleled industry expertise to address some of the world's most challenging problems. Join us as we do pioneering work in areas such as cognitive computing, augmented intelligence, quantum computing, and blockchain, to name a few. 
 
Your Life @ IBMWhat matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge? 
 
Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible. 
 
Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever. 
 
About IBMIBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world. 
 
Location StatementIBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:
 
 
 12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19. World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals. Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.). Select educational reimbursement opportunities. Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe. Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities. Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences. 
We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law. 
 
Being You @ IBMIBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. IBM 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Technology Lead jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at IBM in Cambridge, MA Technology Lead salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from IBM IBM 30,898 reviews IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve busine... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
