
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Software Developer - San Diego, CA 92093 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Software Developer UC San Diego 1,227 reviews San Diego, CA 92093 UC San Diego 1,227 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Payroll Title: 
APPLICATIONS PROGR 2
 Department: 
CA INSTIT TELECOM/INFO TECH
 Hiring Salary Range 
Commensurate with experience
 Worksite: 
Campus
 Appointment Type: 
Career
 Appointment Percent: 
100%
 Union: 
Uncovered
 Total Openings: 
1
 Work Schedule: 
8 hrs/day, Mon-Fri
 #111727 Artificial Intelligence Software Developer 
 Filing Deadline: Mon 9/20/2021 
 
 For the safety and well-being of the entire university community, the University of California requires, with few exceptions, that all students, faculty and staff be vaccinated against the COVID-19 virus before they will be allowed on campus or in a facility or office. For more information visit:  https://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/news/2021/07/ucs-covid-19-vaccine-policy.html 
 UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment : Apply by 9/16/21 for consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should contact their Employment Advisor. 
 Special Selection Applicants : Apply by 9/20/21. Eligible Special Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for assistance. 
 UC San Diego career employees will have priority consideration for this position. Recruiters will begin to refer qualified internal applicants after the first 7 days of the job posting. Qualified external applicants may be referred to the hiring department, if a qualified pool of internal candidates is not identified and upon the request of the hiring manager. 
DESCRIPTION 
Under the general supervision of the PI, the incumbent applies professional programming concepts for small to medium-sized projects or portions of larger projects in the field of artificial intelligence. Resolves a variety of programming design and implementation issues in development of user interfaces and algorithms for processing of local and distributed scientific data by faculty and researchers. Builds distributed and networked systems using C++ programming and UNIX shell scripting on Windows and Linux platforms. Works on programming assignments of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors.
 Analyze programs to ensure they can be used on multiple data technologies. Work with Principal Investigators to analyze systems in terms of cost and effectiveness.
 QUALIFICATIONS 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related area or equivalent experience/training. 
Knowledge of secure software development. 
Intermediate skills associated with the design, development, modification and deployment of software, including object-oriented programming concepts. Experience in artificial intelligence/machine learning programming, scientific visualization, networking and socket programming on UNIX and Windows platforms. 
Knowledge of other IT related areas. Knowledge with system administration for Windows, Linux or OS X. 
Demonstrated software repository skills. Experience working with GIT or similar source code repositories. 
Experience with common programming tools. Knowledge of and experience with programming languages such as C++, C#, Python. 
Demonstrated ability to follow software specifications. 
Demonstrated effective communication and interpersonal skills. 
Demonstrated ability to communicate technical information to technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization. Experience presenting and creating presentations with Powerpoint, Zoom, etc. 
Self-motivated and works independently and as part of a team. Able to learn effectively and meet deadlines. 
Demonstrated problem-solving skills. 
Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence techniques. 
SPECIAL CONDITIONS 
Job offer is contingent upon satisfactory clearance based on Background Check results. 
 
 Job offer is contingent on successful engagement in the UC COVID-19 Vaccination program (fully vaccinated with documented proof or approved exception/deferral). 
 The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, gender identity or sexual orientation. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy see: http://www-hr.ucsd.edu/saa/nondiscr.html
 UC San Diego is a smoke and tobacco free environment. Please visit smokefree.ucsd.edu for more information. UC San Diego 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at UC San Diego in San Diego, CA Software Engineer salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from UC San Diego UC San Diego 1,227 reviews The University of California, San Diego is a student-centered, research-focused, service-oriented public institution that provides opport... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
