
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Sr Product Manager, Siri Intelligence - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Sr Product Manager, Siri Intelligence Apple 10,413 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Employer actively reviewed job 8 days ago Apple 10,413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Summary 
Posted:  Aug 12, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200226770 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Do you love taking on challenges that create a positive impact? Are you passionate about empowering many ground-breaking intelligent experiences to be made? We are looking for people like you!
Play a leading product role in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. The Siri Understanding team is looking for a senior product manager to lead the effort to make Siri smarter. Join us and create groundbreaking technology for large scale systems, spoken language, big data, and artificial intelligence. 
Key Qualifications 
5+ years product management experience, ideally working on machine-learned systems, and/or complex backend and front-end systems 
Track record of successfully leading product development from concept to completion, leading cross-functional teams (including engineering, design, marketing, legal, etc.) to deliver consumer-facing software 
Ability to create, find, and use a wide variety of inputs such as data analytics, market research, user studies, and technical roadmaps to define a product roadmap and determine the right feature tradeoffs 
Strong communication, both written and verbal, to influence without authority and gain senior leadership agreement 
Description 
This role is for a problem solver who is excited by using cutting edge machine learning and data science technologies to make Siri smarter for our over 1 billion customers. They will own key areas such as personalization, context, memory, and learning for Siri. Key responsibilities include:
- Identify new opportunities for Siri to use personalization, defect-identification, and self-learning to improve overall accuracy and customer experience
- Develop detailed user stories and requirements can be used to create product specifications and architecture for the capabilities desired
- Lead cross-functional partners such as science, engineering, design, data science, and user research resources to deliver your features from inception through launch, including post-launch improvements
- Define and analyze relevant metrics to measure performance and use this data to drive product decisions
- Communicate your product vision and strategy to gain agreement from key partners and Siri leadership
- Manage prioritization and trade-offs among needs of various customer and partner groups, as well as system performance and scalability
- Use a skillset spanning high level critical thinking to creative and detailed execution, with comfort in a high-growth, ambiguous environment 
Education & Experience 
B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Product Manager jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Senior Product Manager salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,413 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
