
 
 
 
 Principal Investigator, ELT Biology - Cambridge, MA 02140 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Principal Investigator, ELT Biology GSK 4,551 reviews Cambridge, MA 02140 GSK 4,551 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Site Name:  USA - Massachusetts - Cambridge 
 Posted Date:  Sep 13 2021 
GSK is seeking a highly motivated scientist with an established track record to join the multidisciplinary Encoded Library Technologies (ELT) team. As a member of the ELT Biology Group, you will use DNA encoded chemical libraries (DELs) to identify small molecule ligands to support drug discovery programs across GSK. Specifically, you will be accountable for defining the strategy and executing related workplans to further build the capabilities of the ELT platform. Additionally, you will represent the ELT Biology group on cross-functional project teams and ensure high-quality affinity selections produce decision-making datasets. 
The successful candidate will have substantial experience in cell engineering or cell biology. Hands on experience with molecular biology (e.g., PCR/qPCR), biochemical (e.g., affinity purification, SDS-PAGE, ASMS), and/or biophysical (e.g., SPR, MST) techniques are highly desired. This work could be in an academic setting or the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industry. A strategic thinker who has demonstrated the ability to work in a team environment is critical, including effective communication, prioritization, and organizational skills, a strong desire to succeed, and the ability to deliver on time. 
Key Responsibilities 
Represent the Encoded Library Technologies (ELT) team on multidisciplinary drug discovery and platform development project teams 
Develop a deep understanding of affinity-based screening and contribute to the advancement of the ELT platform to enable delivery of small molecule hits that builds off GSK’s investments in genetics, the immune system, and AI/ML. 
Accountable for the strategy, design, execution, and data analysis of DNA-encoded library screens with the goals of improving platform capabilities and identifying small molecule hits for genetically validated targets 
Work independently while being part of a larger team, including networking with GSK colleagues across multiple R&D sites 
Contribute to publications, presentations, and collaborations that enhance the visibility of the team 
Ensure compliance with all GSK R&D data integrity practices, ethics codes, work practice training and standards. 
Why you? 
Basic Qualifications: 
We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals: 
PhD with 5 years of experience in cell or protein engineering, cell biology, biochemistry, or related field or MS with 7 years of experience 
Experience formulating and implementing a strategic research plan 
Preferred Qualifications: 
If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus: 
Hands-on experience with affinity selection screening techniques, especially DELs, but also SELEX or phage display, or experience with affinity purification techniques is a plus. 
Experience working with endogenously expressed membrane proteins, protein complexes, and/or other similar protein targets. 
Strong data literacy, analysis, and visualization skills of large data sets, especially related to small molecule screening outcomes. Experience with R, python, or equivalent, and/or Spotfire is highly desirable. 
Hands-on experience with robotic liquid handlers (e.g., Agilent Bravo) is a plus. 
Demonstrated strengths in high performance behaviors, such as building relationships, flexible thinking, and enabling/driving change. 
Demonstrated strong scientific leadership as well as excellent written and oral communication, including publication(s) in peer reviewed journals 
Demonstrated an ability to work in multidisciplinary teams, displaying excellent interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills. 
Why GSK? 
Our values and expectations  are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. 
These include   Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork.  As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
 Operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk. 
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution. 
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning. 
Sustaining energy and well-being 
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations. 
Budgeting and cost-consciousness LI-GSK 
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at  1-877-694-7547  (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US). 
GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies 
GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. 
Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site. GlaxoSmithKline 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at GSK in Cambridge, MA Principal salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from GSK GSK 4,551 reviews We are a science-led global healthcare company with a special purpose: to help people do more, feel better, live longer. We have 3 global... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
