
 
 
 
 Faculty of Computer Science (Open Rank) - Columbus, GA 31907 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Faculty of Computer Science (Open Rank) Columbus State University 150 reviews Columbus, GA 31907 Full-time Columbus State University 150 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Faculty of Computer Science (Open Rank) 
 
Job ID:  231565 
 Location:  Columbus State University 
 Full/Part Time:  Full Time 
 Regular/Temporary:  Regular 
 
 About Us 
 
The Computer Science School at CSU offers a B.S. degree in Computer Science (with concentrations in Cybersecurity, Software Systems, Web Development, Enterprise Computing, Computer Science Teacher Education, and Games Programming), a B.S. in Information Technology (on-campus and online) and a B.S. in Cybersecurity degree. It also offers an M.S. degree in Applied Computer Science (on-campus and online with concentrations in Software Development, AI & Machine Learning and Cybersecurity) and an M.S. in Cybersecurity Management (online).
 
 
The undergraduate programs support over 500 undergraduate majors and the two M.S. programs currently have approximately 90 graduate students. Columbus State University is endorsed by the National Security Agency and the Department of Homeland Security as a Center of Academic Excellence in Cyber Defense Education. Our M.S. in Applied Computer Science has been ranked the No. 1 online master's in computer science by Go Grad. All 17 faculty members and the School of Computer Science staff are located in the modern Synovus Center for Commerce and Technology, which is shared with the rest of the Turner College of Business, the TSYS Center for Cybersecurity and the University Information Technology Services. For more information about the School, visit our web site at http://CS.ColumbusState.edu.
 
 
Columbus State University has a nationally recognized track record of partnership and outreach through efforts such as the Cunningham Center for Leadership Development, Coca Cola Space Science Center, Oxbow Meadows Environmental Learning Center, and its own residence - the Spencer House - in Oxford, England. The University has two primary campus locations in Columbus, Georgia - the original campus on 150 acres in midtown Columbus, and a beautiful campus in historic downtown Columbus overlooking the Chattahoochee River. The Columbus region, with more than 350,000 residents, is home to world-class enterprises such as Aflac, Synovus, W.C. Bradley Company, TSYS and Ft. Benning, the U.S. Army's Maneuver Center of Excellence headquarters. For additional information about the University visit our website at www.ColumbusState.edu. 
 
 Job Summary 
 
The TSYS School of Computer Science at Columbus State University invites applications for an open rank faculty position. This individual will be responsible for developing and delivering courses and programs in Computer Science, especially in one or more of the areas of Software Development, Artificial Intelligence, Cloud Computing, Data Science, Cybersecurity and Enterprise (mainframe) Computing with a strong commitment to active learning and student engagement. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
 Teach Computer Science classes
 Teach CPSC 6177 Software Design and Development - Spring 2021 
 Teach CPSC 6109 Algorithms Analysis and Design - Spring 2021 
 Teach CPSC 6124 Advanced Machine Learning - Spring 2021 
 Other undergraduate and graduate level courses (TBD) in Fall 2022 
 May be asked to teach an additional class in Summer 2022. Specific courses taught in any 
semester may vary depending on curricular needs and faculty availability. 
 Carry out research for professional development, publish scholarly articles and apply for grants to 
enhance the University's reputation 
 Perform service at the Department, College and University levels including student advising and 
mentoring and serving in committees 
 
 Required Qualifications 
 
Candidates are required to have an earned Ph.D. in Computer Science or Engineering or a closely related field with experience. The successful candidate must be able to teach courses in computer science, work effectively with others, and be able to contribute to research and grant related activities.
 
 
 Required Documents to Attach 
 
Letter of Application 
 
Curriculum Vitae 
 
 
Unofficial Transcripts (Official transcripts from all institutions attended must be received prior to an offer being extended) 
 
Statement of Teaching Philosophy 
 
 
Statement on Research 
 
Contact information of three references with emails and current telephone numbers (will not be contacted without prior notification) 
 
 Contact Information 
 
If you have any questions, please contact Dr. Shamim Khan, TSYS School of Computer Science, 4225 University Avenue, Columbus, GA 31907; or via email to cs@columbusstate.edu. 
 
 Conditions of Employment 
 
A successful criminal background check will be required as a condition of employment. 
 
Please note: Visa sponsorship is not provided for this position. 
 
 Special Applicant Instructions 
 
Applications will be accepted until the position has been filled. Applications for part-time and full-time faculty positions must include transcripts of all academic work, and official transcripts must be presented prior to campus visit if selected for interview. Applicants must have the ability to meet Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) requirements, in particular a minimum of 18 graduate hours in the teaching discipline. Columbus State University is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer, Committed to Diversity in Hiring.
 
 
All applications and required documents must be submitted using Columbus State University's online employment site and a complete packet must be submitted for full consideration. If applicable, any international transcripts must be evaluated by an approved foreign credential evaluator prior to submission. 
 
 
 To apply, visit  https://careers.hprod.onehcm.usg.edu/psp/careers/CAREERS/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM_FL.HRS_CG_SEARCH_FL.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST_FL&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=30000&JobOpeningId=231565&PostingSeq=1 
 
jeid-56f4cec2de971446867ee2cf8c67894b Columbus State University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Columbus, GA Jobs at Columbus State University in Columbus, GA Faculty salaries in Columbus, GA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbus State University Columbus State University 150 reviews Just 100 miles southwest of Atlanta, Columbus State University is a proud member of the University System of Georgia, enrolling more than... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
