
 
 
 
 Data Analyst - Bothell, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Analyst Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,197 reviews Bothell, WA Full-time Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,197 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ROLE DESCRIPTION
 
Mapping Data Analyst is a subject-matter expert in data mining & analysis, and dashboard or report creation dedicated to improving operational efficiency, accuracy and consistency. The Mapping Data Analyst is expected to draw insights and find improvement opportunities, gather insights and make proposals, help accelerate throughput of models and algorithms, and act as a team’s data POC.
 
CORE RESPONSIBILITIES
 
Understand analytical needs, document and prioritize requirements, and develop plans for process or tools improvement initiatives.
 Build and maintain analytical SQL queries, scripts, and dashboards to track task progress or operational productivity.
 Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate insightful project reports.
 Identify and recommend new ways to improve quality and productivity by streamlining operational processes.
 Collaborate and coordinate with other Advanced Operators to test hypotheses of possible process improvements.
 Use SQL, Oracle, Python or other programing languages to prepare and present data in a way that is visually appealing and simple for clients to navigate and comprehend.
 Assist in evolving data pipelines to improve throughput and provide near real-time data insights.
 Quantify, track and manage solution implementation with before and after metrics.
 Identify and develop data quality initiatives and opportunities for automation.
 Ensure scripts and data management practices comply with internal best practices.
 
System Specialist Role
 
ROLE DESCRIPTION
 
The team works on keeping Maps Data current and reflective of real world changes. They work on issues submitted by end users of Maps or tests the location results of user queries submitted via Search (Web) or Maps interface.
 
A Mapping System Specialist is a domain specific subject-matter expert in functionality, features, and purpose of tools, applications, and infrastructure. They are expected to improve processes by finding ways to better utilize existing tools or by suggesting better configuration, additional features, or functionality.
 
Role & Responsibilities
 
Draft tools requirements documents (ORDs).
 
Conduct black-box testing of new tool features and provide detailed feedback.
 
Manage domain issue configurations, configuration files, and run batch issue creation/mutation scripts, Read/Create regular expressions
 
Support Geo Mapping Data Technicians by creating and improving configurations to improve daily workflows.
 
Use GIS skills to support the geo data processing lifecycle from ingestion to submission.
 
Document and quantify the impact of suggested feature/functionality or infrastructure changes.
 
Use of SQL, Javascript & object oriented programming concepts, Python and Suggest snippets to improve the code and application / tool functionality ; Refine to implement algorithms to improve edit outputs
 
Build and maintain data pipeline(s) as required
 
Triage and debug complex issues impeding workflows, and resolve and document edge-cases
 
Cross pollinate tooling solutions throughout teams and projects.
 
Leverage Machine Learning and artificial intelligence output data to continually improve system tooling and workflows
 
Experience / Skills
 
6 months - 2 years of experience
 
High school graduate or equivalent
 Technological savviness - with knowledge of - troubleshooting steps (for any app/tool) , experience and expertise in SQL, Javascript / Appscript
 Knowledge of object oriented programming concepts implementation (C, C++ etc) and python
 
Deep understanding of feature protos and ability to understand the technical architecture
 Strong problem-solving skills and excellent attention to detail, reasoning and analytical thinking , ability to deep dive into data and derive insights
 Excellent verbal and written communication communication skills with ability to interact multiple stakeholders
 Comfortable with a rapidly-changing environment
 
Basic understanding of Data science packages (NumPy, Pandas) and frameworks (PySpark, Tensor flow)
 
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee
 Shift :  Day Job
 Travel :  No
 Job Posting :  Sep 10 2021
 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 185 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @USJobsCognizant.
 
Applicants may be required to attend interviews in person or by video conference. In addition, candidates may be required to present their current state or government issued ID during each interview.
 Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for a job opening or submit an application, please email CareersNA2@cognizant.com with your request and contact information. Cognizant 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Analyst jobs in Bothell, WA Jobs at Cognizant Technology Solutions in Bothell, WA Data Analyst salaries in Bothell, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Cognizant Technology Solutions Cognizant Technology Solutions 14,197 reviews Cognizant (NASDAQ-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients'​ business, operating an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
