
 
 
 
 Director, Data Science (Bethesda, MD or Remote) - Bethesda, MD 20814 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Data Science (Bethesda, MD or Remote) Radian 104 reviews Bethesda, MD 20814 Remote $117,600 - $161,800 a year  -   Full-time Radian 104 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $117,600 - $161,800 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Director, Data Science will perform research, analysis, and modeling on organizational data. Develops and applies algorithms or models to key business metrics with the goal of improving operations or answering business questions. Mines and analyzes complex and unstructured data sets using advanced statistical methods for use in data driven decision making. Work with a small group of analytics professionals to provide statistical and analytical solutions. Supervises small team and takes the lead on developing and implementing solutions. Provides scientific and technical input to lower level staff and identifies areas and capabilities for innovation. 
What You Will Do 
 Creating, designing, developing, testing, calibrating, deploying, and supporting both new and existing models and solutions 
 Provide technical and management leadership in the application of data science methods, including using data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and big data concepts 
 Develop business requirements and appropriate statistical analysis/prototypes to meet critical business needs. Represent team on cross functional teams and collaborate with internal and external stakeholders 
 Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets and provide detailed reporting of findings. 
 Research, develop AI/DL/ML algorithms to address exciting and difficult AI tasks. 
 Assist with architecture and design data approaches and solutions for a large set of data 
 Manage large & complex analytical projects: data exploration, model building, performance evaluation & testing 
Who We Are Looking For 
 
 Knowledge: 
Performs work with a high degree of latitude 
Handles most complex issues and problems 
Possesses expert knowledge of subject matter and tools 
Typically requires an advanced degree, and more than 5 years of experience 
Expert experience with cloud providers (AWS, Azure) and their machine learning tools 
Expert experience with data pipelines, data tools, and data organization for analytics 
Expert experience with building machine learning or other types of models 
Comprehensive knowledge of math, probability, statistics and algorithms 
Experience with finance, mortgage and real estate markets a plus 
Skills and Abilities: 
Prior proven experience with designing and architecting analytics models 
Prior experience in supervising small teams of data scientist 
Prior experience in leading small projects and driving successful completion 
Excellent oral and written communication skills 
Ability to interact with internal and external parties including clients 
Excellent problem and situational analysis skills 
Strong analytical and creative thinking skills 
Statistical knowledge and proven competence 
Comprehensive understanding of data structures, data modeling and software architecture 
Hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks (like tensorflow or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn) across all aspects of model development 
Deep experience with AWS SageMaker, Azure ML, or other ML development platforms 
Deep experience with programming languages such as Python, R; and query languages such as SQL 
Ability to write code in C (++, #) 
Other Position Parameters: 
Actively mentor team members; share knowledge and guide learning 
Accountability and ownership for work 
Desire to learn new software tools, and techniques 
Detail oriented and ability to manage time and projects 
High commitment to delivery and maintenance of time lines and deadlines 
Excellent service levels and satisfaction with partners 
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task are necessary. 
Invest in continuous professional learning 
Advanced ability to understand business processes 
Prior Work Experience 
Technical: 8 - 10 years 
Education and Credentials 
Required: Bachelor’s Degree, Concentration in Math, Statistics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, Econometrics 
Why Work With Us: 
Competitive Compensation : anticipated base salary from $117,600 to $161,800 based on skills and experience. This position is eligible to participate in an annual incentive program 
Our Company Makes an Impact.  We’ve been recognized by multiple organizations like, being included on Bloomberg’s Gender-Equality Index, being honored as a Tech 100 by HousingWire, pledging to PwC’s CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion commitment, and receiving the Diversity and Inclusion Residential Leadership Award from the MBA. 
Rest and Relaxation.  Generous time off starting day one, 9 paid holidays + 1 floating holiday in support of our DEI culture. 
Health Benefits.  Multiple medical plan choices, including HSA and FSA options, dental, and vision. 
Prepare for your Future.  401(k) with a top of market company match ( did we mention the company match is immediately vested?! ) 
Paid Parental Leave.  An opportunity for all new parents to embrace this exciting change.
 Employee Assistance and Discount Programs.  From helping you navigate the healthcare system, to providing resources and assistance to parents and caregivers of children with development disabilities, to scoring discounts with thousands of retailers.
 Pet Insurance.  To help protect our furry family members.
 About Us: 
Radian is helping to ensure the American dream of homeownership in even bigger and better ways with industry-leading mortgage insurance and a comprehensive suite of mortgage, risk, real estate, and title services. 
We are powered by technology, informed by data and driven to deliver new levels of service and innovation to our customers across the residential mortgage and real estate spectrum. 
Learn more about Radian at Radian.com. 
At this time, Radian is unable to sponsor applicants who require work visas. 
EEO Statement 
Radian complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, color, religious creed, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
Equal Opportunity Employer Details 
 Accommodation 
Whether you require an accommodation for the job application or interview process, Radian is dedicated to a barrier-free employment process and encourages a diverse workforce. If you have questions about the accommodation process, please e-mail careers@radian.com. Radian Group Inc. 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Data Science jobs in Bethesda, MD Jobs at Radian in Bethesda, MD Director of Data Science salaries in Bethesda, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from Radian Radian 104 reviews Radian is helping to ensure the American dream of homeownership in even bigger and better ways with industry-leading mortgage insurance a... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
