
 
 
 
 AI/ML Engineer - Viralspace.ai - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML Engineer - Viralspace.ai Smartly.io San Francisco, CA We're looking for an outstanding AI and data engineer to join our team at Viralspace and work on our mission to enable marketers to be driven by data, rather than guesswork. In addition to working across our technical stack, you will be developing cutting edge computer vision models, improving our explainable engagement prediction engine, optimizing our data pipeline, and working on building MLOps into our ML infrastructure. As a part of a small and cross-functional team, you'll have the opportunity to delve into other areas of the technology stack and grow your skills as an engineer. We are looking for a self-starter who is hungry for growth, passionate about building innovative products, and excited to lead projects that will directly impact our unicorn and Fortune 500 clients to join our team. 
 
What is Viralspace? 
 
At Viralspace, you'll be joining a nimble startup backed by a much more established company on the path to IPO. We're a Bay Area-based startup that came out of Stanford and operated independently since 2019. We recently joined forces with Smartly.io, the leading social advertising tool, to lead their creative optimization efforts. Viralspace will remain a fully independent business line backed by all of the incredible resources, talents, and customers of Smartly. 
 
The #1 factor that drives performance for digital ads is the creative, yet the creative decision-making process today is based on little more than guesswork. At Viralspace, we're changing that by using AI to help marketers make data-driven decisions about their ad creative. We use computer vision to tag millions of features across a brand's past ads, then present insights in a variety of AI-based software tools. Marketing teams at companies like TechStyle, Uber Eats, and Shapermint are our customers. 
 
Smartly is on a mission to help advertisers unlock greater performance and creativity in social advertising by combining ad buying and creative automation. They have an established suite of ad buying and creative template tools loved by 700+ clients (across over $6.5B ad spend!), and are starting to move into creative optimization with Viralspace. Smartly is based in Helsinki but has satellite offices across the US, including San Francisco, where this role is based. 
 
Responsibilities 
 Build/experiment with AI/ML models for a variety of tasks including visual engagement prediction and visual/textual content analysis. 
 Optimize and improve our data pipeline. 
 Build models that are explainable. 
 Keep up to date with computer vision, natural language processing, AI/ML explanability innovations in academia. 
 Qualifications 
 Minimum 
 PhD or MS in CS, related technical field, or equivalent industry experience 
 At least 4+ years of machine learning engineering experience or completion of PhD in the AI/ML area 
 Extensive experience with at least one machine learning framework 
 Extensive experience writing production level Python code for AI/ML/data science industry applications 
 Extensive building computer vision processes applications 
 Experience working closely with analyzing and monitoring data 
 Experience working as part of a team as well as an individual contributor 
 Self-starter and excited to work in a fast-moving startup environment 
 Preferred 
 Experience working with AWS 
 Experience working with PyTorch 
 Experience building MLOps infrastructure 
 Understanding of natural language processing applications 
 
Meet Smartly.io 
 
Bringing brands and people together smartly. We are building a platform that combines media buying, creative, and data to automate every step of digital advertising. 
 
We manage 2.5B€ in ad spend and serve more than 650 brands worldwide, including eBay, Uber and TechStyle. Our technology liberates marketers from manual work and allows them to focus on what matters. 
 
As a fast-paced growth company, Smartly.io offers opportunities to maximize your learning and amplify your impact. With colleagues from 62 nationalities, you'll work in a collaborative and inclusive environment built on a culture of trust, transparency, and feedback. Join our global team of over 600 Smartlies in reshaping the future of marketing. Learn more at smartly.io/careers and smartly.io/our-leadership-and-culture. 
 
We are currently running fully remote recruitment processes due to the global pandemic. Read more here. 
 
Reasonable accommodation for people with disabilities 
 
Smartly.io is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities or special needs in our job application procedures and working environment. If you need assistance or have any questions please contact us at accommodations@smartly.io. Smartly.io 6 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Engineer jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Smartly.io in San Francisco, CA Engineer salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Smartly.io Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
