
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Life Sciences - Chicago, IL - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist - Life Sciences Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Chicago, IL Full-time Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description In this exciting area of research, you will be applying machine learning techniques to problems in the life sciences with an emphasis on using computational approaches for detecting patterns in a variety of contexts including cancer, brain injury, infectious disease and microbial community datasets. Problems typically involve the construction of computational models for phenotype prediction from data that includes genomic data and other omics data. This role will develop and apply computational models on new experimental data, provide measures of uncertainty, and participate in interdisciplinary discussions aimed at the design of new experiments. You will report on results of research including publishing scholarly papers in scientific journals, give presentations at symposia, conferences, meetings, and seminars. You will also participate in the preparation of reports and proposals required by funding agencies to obtain and continue funding support.
 We are seeking outstanding people to join us in the Data Science and Learning Division and the Bioscience Division at all career levels. As a multidisciplinary national laboratory, Argonne offers an exciting campus atmosphere in which to collaborate on interdisciplinary projects developing solutions to complex scientific and engineering problems on the world’s largest parallel supercomputers.
 This is an Evergreen job posting which allows candidates to apply once to be considered for multiple job requisitions; you may be asked to apply to a specific job posting in the future.
 Position Requirements
 Minimum bachelor’s degree in Bioinformatics, CS, or Biology
 Fluency in scientific programming languages
 Experience with bioinformatics analysis techniques and tools
 Familiarity working in a Unix environment
 Experience on high performance computing platforms and newer GPU systems
 Experience processing NGS sequence data, familiarity with bacterial genomics, or demonstrated work in microbiology
 Knowledge of artificial intelligence across machine learning, deep learning and statistics
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Understanding of computational algorithms to support DNA sequence alignment, small nucleotide polymorphism detection, gene expression quantification and/or small molecule (drug) structure
 Experience working on protected health information including electronic health records
 Familiarity with regulatory policies and procedures surrounding electronic protected health information required
 Ability to write research publications
 Considerable collaborative skills, including the ability to interact well with external and internal collaborators
 United States citizenship is a requirement on some projects
 Ability to think independently and innovatively to develop exceptional technical solutions required
 Job Family
 Research Development (RD)
 Job Profile
 Biology 1
 Worker Type
 Long-Term (Fixed Term)
 Time Type
 Full time
 As an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer, and in accordance with our core values of impact, safety, respect, integrity and teamwork, Argonne National Laboratory is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace that fosters collaborative scientific discovery and innovation. In support of this commitment, Argonne encourages minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities to apply for employment. Argonne considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Argonne employees, and certain guest researchers and contractors, are subject to particular restrictions related to participation in Foreign Government Sponsored or Affiliated Activities, as defined and detailed in United States Department of Energy Order 486.1A. You will be asked to disclose any such participation in the application phase for review by Argonne's Legal Department.
 All Argonne offers of employment are contingent upon a background check that includes an assessment of criminal conviction history conducted on an individualized and case-by-case basis. Please be advised that Argonne positions require upon hire (or may require in the future) for the individual be to obtain a government access authorization that involves additional background check requirements. Failure to obtain or maintain such government access authorization could result in the withdrawal of a job offer or future termination of employment.
 Please note that all Argonne employees are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. All successful applicants will be required to provide their COVID-19 vaccination verification as a condition of employment, subject to limited legally recognized exemptions to COVID-19 vaccination. Argonne National Laboratory 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Chicago, IL Jobs at Argonne National Laboratory in Chicago, IL Data Scientist salaries in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from Argonne National Laboratory Argonne National Laboratory 201 reviews It takes a lot of manpower to build a nation's economic and energy security. That's why there's the US Department of Energy. The DOE was ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
