
 
 
 
 Machine Learning Engineer - Santa Clara, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Machine Learning Engineer Palo Alto Networks 99 reviews Santa Clara, CA Full-time Palo Alto Networks 99 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission: 
Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life. 
We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish – but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are. 
We’re changing the nature of work. Palo Alto Networks is evolving to meet the needs of our employees now and in the future through FLEXWORK, our approach to how we work. From benefits to learning, location to leadership, we’ve rethought and recreated every aspect of the employee experience at Palo Alto Networks. And because it FLEXes around each individual employee based on their individual choices, employees are empowered to push boundaries and help us all evolve, together. 
 
 Job Description 
Your Impact 
You will be working in a fast-growing team to build new features for the security platform that many of our customers use on a regular basis. You will actively engage and contribute to the security community through collaborations through academic publications and patents. You will be part of the team that is leading and driving industry technology evolution in security and creating a positive impact on business. 
You will have the opportunity to build a career solving network security challenges leveraging advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques on large scale real data. You will help build and deliver the most advanced AI and Machine Learning enabled solutions to predict threats proactively and protect devices. 
 
 Qualifications 
Qualifications 
Preferred Masters' Degree or higher in CS, CE, Statistics or related area. 
Proficient in general programming languages such as Python, Java 
Domain expert knowledge and solid skills in computer science, applied math, statistics, and machine learning 
Designing, developing and evaluating machine learning and deep learning algorithms 
Proficiency in mathematical foundations behind ML such as linear algebra, multivariate statistics, and optimization 
Have a strong working knowledge of machine learning algorithms including XGBoost, CatBoost, Kmeans, CNNs, LSTMs, attention, transformers, GANs, etc. 
Drive quantitative data analysis of large volumes of observational data by rapidly prototyping new tools 
Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn) 
#LI-KB1 
Additional Information 
 
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Palo Alto Networks 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Palo Alto Networks in Santa Clara, CA Machine Learning Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Palo Alto Networks Palo Alto Networks 99 reviews We are the global cybersecurity leader, known for always challenging the security status quo. Our mission is to protect our way of life i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
