
 
 
 
 Senior Machine Learning Engineer - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Machine Learning Engineer Komodo Health 4 reviews New York, NY Komodo Health 4 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company We Breathe Life Into Data! 
 
At Komodo Health, our mission is to reduce the global burden of disease. Smarter use of data is essential to this mission. We combine the world's most comprehensive view of patient encounters with innovative algorithms and decades of clinical expertise to power our Healthcare Map, the industry's most precise view of the U.S. healthcare system. With the Healthcare Map as our foundation, we offer a suite of powerful software applications that deliver exceptional value to the industry. 
 
Our people are the center of our success. We are a smart, supportive team with diverse perspectives and a shared passion for fixing what's broken in healthcare. It's fun, challenging and important. Join us! 
The Opportunity at Komodo Health 
 
As Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will be responsible for building advancements in our ML platform - allowing us to expand our suite of ML/AI enterprise solutions. Your work will be at the forefront of innovation in healthcare and on one of the richest datasets in the world with enormous potential to create change in an industry traditionally limited by highly complex and incomplete data. Your initial project will focus on our disease prediction systems which unlock insights from our billions of records. You will closely collaborate with Data Science, Engineering, and Infrastructure teams to scope and build the ML foundation for us to scale efficiently in the future. You will foster a culture of trust, transparency, and technical expertise that is founded on constructive feedback and open evolution in thinking and approaches. 
 
Looking back on your first 12 months at Komodo Health, you will have: 
 
 Built and launched an ML Ops platform for deploying our enterprise solutions 
 Advanced our model creation process through improving creation of training/test data sets, feature selection, and learner methods 
 Developed an understanding of healthcare-specific challenges and developed innovative solutions to address them 
 Partnered with Data and Engineering teams to develop technical requirements and delivery of robust 
 Actively collaborated with team members to iterate on approach in order to optimally handle the multitude of use cases 
 Contributed to hiring and growing the team by recruiting research scientists and improving our hiring processes 
 
 What You Bring to Komodo 
 
 Strong experience building ML engineering solutions at a enterprise level - from developing ingestion pipelines to creating feature stores to deploying online models 
 Proficient with complex topics in ML modeling, statistics, and algorithm design 
 Knowledge of ML Ops platforms - Sagemaker, Databricks, or equivalent 
 Ability to communicate clearly and openly with both technical and non-technical teams 
 Experience with large-scale data and computational technologies (e.g. Spark, Snowflake) 
 Proficiency in Python and SQL 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
 
Curiosity piqued? Learn more about us! 
 
 Komodo Health Acquires Breakaway Partners 
 Komodo Health Secures $220M in Series E funding led by Tiger Global 
 Komodo Health Acquires Mavens, Series D funding led by ICONIQ Growth 
 Wealthfront: The 2021 Career Launching Companies List 
 In Conversation with Dr. Arif Nathoo, Komodo Health's CEO 
 Komodo Health's 'Meet a Dragon' series 
 Komodo's Values that Drive our Culture Komodo Health 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Machine Learning Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Komodo Health in New York, NY Machine Learning Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Komodo Health Komodo Health 4 reviews Komodo Health believes that data and analytics are the foundation for reducing the burden of disease. We apply artificial intelligence an... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
