
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Software Developer w/Active TS/SCI Clearance - Pasadena, CA 91109 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Software Developer w/Active TS/SCI Clearance Columbus Technologies 39 reviews Pasadena, CA 91109 Full-time Columbus Technologies 39 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
US Citizenship and an active TS/SCI & Polygraph Eligible is required to be considered for this position 
Estimated duration of 6 months with the potential for extension or conversion. 
W2 with full benefits 
Customer and contract specific training will be required and provided. 
Labor Category: Technologist III 
Responsibilities:
 
Job Description: 
The Artificial Intelligence, Observation Planning and Analysis Group works on fundamental research problems leading to unique software applications in spacecraft autonomy, scientific data analysis, and mission operations automation and onboard analysis for real-time decisions. Development projects will include automation of ground and flight operations for communications stations, space missions, marine vehicles, aerial vehicles, including fleets of vehicles. 
Qualifications:
 
Required Skills: 
 The candidate must be a citizen of the United States of America Candidate must have a minimum of a Top Secret/SCI clearance Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 3 years of related experience; Master's degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 1 year of related experience; or PhD in similar disciplines. Broad knowledge in one or more related fields of the following areas: software development, artificial intelligence, operations research, resource allocation mechanisms, quantitative modeling, machine learning, computer vision, risk models and probabilistic methods. Experience in wide application of principles, theories, concepts and techniques in programming languages such as C++, C, Python, Java, and Artificial Intelligence Techniques and concepts. Require an active Top Secret clearance based on a Single Scope Background Investigation(SSBI) within the last five years and be approved for Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) access. 
Desired Skills: Strong Java experience Strong Math / Analytics experience, especially with linear algebra and geometric operations. Extensive knowledge of applicable industry and/or academic practices and standards in Software design & development and Computer Science. Experience in interdisciplinary teams. Flight Software Experience Columbus Technologies 11 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Pasadena, CA Jobs at Columbus Technologies in Pasadena, CA Software Engineer salaries in Pasadena, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Columbus Technologies 39 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
