
 
 
 
 NLP Research Scientist / Engineer (ACL 2021) - Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search NLP Research Scientist / Engineer (ACL 2021) Apple 10,413 reviews Santa Clara Valley, CA 95014 Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 8 days ago Apple 10,413 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Jul 26, 2021 
Role Number: 200270877 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Combining groundbreaking machine learning and NLP techniques with next-generation hardware, our teams take user experiences to the next level.
We are looking for NLP research scientists and engineers to join our teams in Santa Clara Valley, Seattle, Boston, Pittsburgh, Beijing, and Cambridge (UK).
This posting is for virtual attendees of the ACL 2021 conference who are interested in full-time positions at Apple. 
Key Qualifications 
Expertise in various facets of ML and NLP, such as conversational dialogue systems, classification, feature engineering, information extraction, structured prediction, clustering, semi-supervised learning, topic modeling, and ranking 
Strong programming skills with proven experience crafting, prototyping, and delivering advanced algorithmic solutions 
A passion for making ML methods robust and scalable 
Be able to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, innovation, and respect for user privacy 
Creative, collaborative, and innovation focused 
Description 
As a member of a machine learning team at Apple, you will use your deep understanding of natural language processing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to tackle meaningful technical problems, collaborate with the most innovative product development teams in the world, and transfer your ideas into solutions in the next generation of Apple products. You will perform fundamental research by defining, designing, implementing and evaluating algorithms involving unrivaled data and objectives. You will also actively engage with the academic community by collaborating with universities, publishing and presenting your work, and attending conferences. 
Education & Experience 
PhD, MS, or BS in Machine Learning, Computer Science, or related fields. Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in Santa Clara Valley, CA Jobs at Apple in Santa Clara Valley, CA Research Scientist salaries in Santa Clara Valley, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,413 reviews We’re a diverse collective of thinkers and doers, continually reimagining what’s possible to help us all do what we love in new ways. And... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
