
 
 
 
 Faculty position in Law and Technology (Full-time, Tenure-Track or Tenured Faculty Appointment on the Faculty Council) - Baltimore, MD 21201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Faculty position in Law and Technology (Full-time, Tenure-Track or Tenured Faculty Appointment on the Faculty Council) University of Maryland, Baltimore 142 reviews Baltimore, MD 21201 Full-time, Tenure track, Tenured University of Maryland, Baltimore 142 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Tenure track Tenured Full Job Description The University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law invites applications for a tenure-track or tenured faculty position in technology and the law to begin July 1, 2022. We are seeking an exceptional candidate interested in the intersection of law and technology, including in health, cybersecurity, privacy, AI, genetics, informatics, intellectual property, big data, or the regulation of technology and sensitive data, and who will support the professional development and training of students interested in these topics. We especially encourage candidates to apply who are interested in thinking about these critical issues in the healthcare and related contexts. For this position, we will consider both entry-level and lateral candidates in all fields related to technology and the law. The University of Maryland has a strong commitment to diversity. We welcome applications from persons of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and other members of historically disadvantaged groups. Contact: Chair of the Appointments Committee, Professor Natalie Ram, University of Maryland Francis King Carey School of Law, 500 West Baltimore Street, Baltimore, MD 21201. Email: nram@law.umaryland.edu. 
 
 Qualifications 
All candidates must hold a J.D. or equivalent degree prior to the employment date. 
 
Job :  Faculty 
Organization :  Francis King Carey School of Law - Instruction 
Job Posting :  Aug 19, 2021 University of Maryland, Baltimore 27 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Baltimore, MD Jobs at University of Maryland in Baltimore, MD Faculty salaries in Baltimore, MD Company Info Follow Get job updates from University of Maryland, Baltimore University of Maryland, Baltimore 142 reviews University of Maryland, Baltimore, (also known as University of Maryland, The Founding Campus; or UMB, UMAB) was founded in 1807. It comp... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
