
 
 
 
 Data Scientists Analysts - Michigan - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientists Analysts Altair Engineering 88 reviews Michigan Contract Altair Engineering 88 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Transforming the Future with Convergence of Simulation and Data 
 
Data Scientists Analysts
 Job Summary: 
 
Our client in Dearborn, MI is looking for a Data Scientists Analysts. This is a contract position. 
 
What You Will Do: 
 
 We are looking for a Data Engineer that will work on the collecting, storing, transforming, processing, and analyzing of huge sets of data.
 The primary focus will be to work with customers to gather requirements and choose optimal solutions to create data products, then maintaining, implementing, and monitoring them.
 You will also be responsible for integrating them with the architecture used across the company.
 Basics: 
 
 Proficient understanding of distributed computing principles
 Management of Hadoop cluster, with all included services
 Ability to solve any ongoing issues with operating the cluster
 Proficiency with Hadoop v2, MapReduce, HDFS
 Good knowledge of Big Data querying tools, such as Pig, Hive, and Impala
 Experience with Scala PySpark
 Experience with integration of data from multiple data sources
 Knowledge of various ETL techniques and frameworks, such as Data stage, Informatica
 Experience with Big Data ML toolkits, such as Mahout, SparkML, or H2O
 Experience with Cloudera/MapR/
 Selecting and integrating Big Data tools and frameworks required to provide requested capabilities
 Performing data discovery within Hadoop ecosystem
 Implementing ETL processes, such as data transformation using tool including but not limited to, HIVE, SQL, Python, PySpark, Informatica, Scala
 Ensuring data quality and maintain profiles of data products
 Monitoring performance and advising any necessary infrastructure changes
 Complying with data governance and privacy policies
 Defining data retention policies 
 Bachelor’s Degree 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 Data Science/Engineering 
 Additional Safety Training/Licensing/Personal Protection Requirements
 How You Will Be Successful: 
 
 Envision the Future 
 Communicate Honestly and Broadly 
 Seek Technology and Business “First” 
 Embrace Diversity and Take Risks 
 
 What We Offer: 
 
 Competitive Salary 
 Comprehensive Benefit Package 
 401(k) with matching contributions 
 Paid Time Off 
 Employee Discounts 
 Free training on all Altair products 
 
 Why Work with Us: 
 
Altair is a global technology company that provides software and cloud solutions in the area of data analytics, product development, and high-performance computing (HPC). Altair enables organizations in nearly every industry to compete more effectively in a connected world, while creating a more sustainable future. With more than 3,000 engineers, scientists, and creative thinkers in 25 countries, we help solve our customer’s toughest challenges and deliver unparalleled service, helping the innovators innovate, drive better decisions, and turn today’s problems into tomorrow’s opportunities.
 Our vision is to transform customer decision making with data analytics, simulation, and high-performance computing. 
 
For more than 30 years, we have been helping our customers integrate electronics and controls with mechanical design to expand product value, develop AI, simulation and data-driven digital twins to drive better decisions, and deliver advanced HPC and cloud solutions to support unlimited idea exploration. To learn more, please visit altair.com 
 
Ready to go? #ONLYFORWARD
 At our core we are explorers; adventures; pioneers. We are the brains behind some of the world’s most revolutionary innovations and are not only comfortable in new and unchartered waters, we dive headfirst. We are the original trailblazers that make the impossible possible, discovering new solutions to our customer’s toughest challenges. 
 
Altair is an equal opportunity employer. Our backgrounds are diverse, and every member of our global team is critical to our success. Altair’s history demonstrations a belief that empowering each individual authentic voice reinforces a culture that thrives because of the uniqueness among our team. Altair Engineering 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Michigan Jobs at Altair Engineering in Michigan Data Scientist salaries in Michigan Company Info Follow Get job updates from Altair Engineering Altair Engineering 88 reviews Altair Engineering is an American product design and development, engineering software and cloud computing software company. Altair was f... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
