
 
 
 
 Experiential Artificial Intelligence Postdoctoral Research Fellow - Portland, ME - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Experiential Artificial Intelligence Postdoctoral Research Fellow Northeastern University 613 reviews Portland, ME Northeastern University 613 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $60,000 a year Full Job Description Job no:  505623 
 Position Type:  Staff 
 Location:  Boston Main Campus, Portland, ME Campus 
 Categories:  Khoury College of Computer Sciences, Regional Campuses, College of Engineering, College of Science, College of Social Sciences and Humanities 
 
 About Northeastern: 
 
Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning. Our world-renowned experiential approach empowers our students, faculty, alumni, and partners to create impact far beyond the confines of discipline, degree, and campus. 
 
Our locations—in Boston; Charlotte, North Carolina; London; Portland, Maine; San Francisco; Seattle; Silicon Valley; Toronto; Vancouver; and the Massachusetts communities of Burlington and Nahant—are nodes in our growing global university system. Through this network, we expand opportunities for flexible, student-centered learning and collaborative, solutions-focused research. 
 
Northeastern’s comprehensive array of undergraduate and graduate programs— in a variety of on-campus and online formats—lead to degrees through the doctorate in nine colleges and schools. Among these, we offer more than 195 multi-discipline majors and degrees designed to prepare students for purposeful lives and careers. 
 
 About the Opportunity: 
 
In response to the shortage of researchers trained in AI, Northeastern seeks postdoctoral candidates from fields beyond computer science to grow its cadre of scholars in Artificial intelligence. 
 
Last year, Northeastern has launched a pioneering research and innovation hub in AI—one that will shape the way humans and machines collaborate. Led by Dr. Usama Fayyad, the Experiential AI Institute is built around the challenges and opportunities made possible by human-machine collaboration. The institute provides a framework to design, implement, and scale AI-driven technologies in ways that make a true difference to society. Our ability to respond to the opportunities afforded to society will depend on training and building a workforce that is AI-capable. Located in Portland, Maine, with the goal of growing the Maine tech economy, the Roux Institute will be a center of activity for the Experiential AI Institute’s efforts. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
During a two-year postdoctoral appointment, Experiential AI Postdoctoral Fellows will take classes in AI and work with members of Northeastern’s Experiential AI faculty. Of particular interest is AI applied to the life sciences, engineering, social sciences and to various aspects of cybersecurity. A listing of the teams of mentors who work in Experiential AI and are seeking postdoctoral fellows as part of this program may be found here: https://www.northeastern.edu/experientialai/faculty-mentors/ 
 
Successful applicants will spend 2 years with a team of mentors at the Boston and/or Portland campuses, and, at the conclusion, may be considered for faculty and staff research appointments at the Roux Institute or at one of Northeastern’s other eight campuses (Boston, Burlington, Nahant, Seattle, San Francisco, San Jose, Vancouver, Toronto, London and Charlotte). 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
Candidates are not required to have any prior exposure to computer science or AI before beginning the program, but interest and/or significant experience in math is required. During the fellowship period, Northeastern will provide Computer Science and AI course work and research mentorship in Experiential AI to the post-doctoral scholars. Each two-year postdoctoral position will be provided with an annual salary of $60K 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
Salary Grade: 
 
 10 
 
 Additional Information: 
 
The successful candidate will have a Ph.D. by the time of appointment. Although no previous experience or course work in AI is required, experience coding and significant course work in mathematics is a plus. 
 
Applications will be accepted and evaluated on a rolling basis, with the first evaluation period starting  March 15, 2021 ; successful applicants to this cohort-based program will begin their appointments on  July 1, 2021 . 
 
Interested candidates should submit their application. Application materials include: 
 Cover Letter – To further assist the search committee in its screening process, all cover letters should address your interest in Experiential AI, and in particular whether you are interested in working at the juncture of the field in which you obtained your PhD and AI, or whether you are interested in becoming a researcher in core AI 
 Curriculum Vitae 
 Research Statement – A statement about your research program and if you are interested in working at the juncture of your field and AI, how it would interface with Experiential AI. Please note any relevant course or work experience in mathematics, statistics, programming, etc. (typically 2–pages, max). 
 References – Names and contact information for at least three potential recommenders. 
 A rank-ordered list of desired mentor teams/projects, drawn from the EAI Postdoctoral Program Mentor/Project list. 
 
All questions can be emailed to: Professor Jennifer Dy, Director of the Experiential AI Postdoc Program (j.dy@northeastern.edu) 
 
 Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see  www.northeastern.edu/diversity . 
 
 
 Advertised:  05 Feb 2021 Eastern Standard Time 
 Applications close: Northeastern University 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Portland, ME Jobs at Northeastern University in Portland, ME Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Portland, ME Company Info Follow Get job updates from Northeastern University Northeastern University 613 reviews Northeastern University (NU or NEU) is a private, research university in Boston, Massachusetts, established in 1898. Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
