
 
 
 
 Economic Forecasting Manager - Plano, TX 75023 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Economic Forecasting Manager Toyota 8,345 reviews Plano, TX 75023 Toyota 8,345 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Who we are 
Collaborative. Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world's most admired brands, Toyota is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We're looking for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow. with us.
 Who we're looking for 
Toyota's Enterprise Strategy Department is looking for a passionate and highly motivated Economic Forecasting Manager. 
The primary responsibility of this role is to manage Toyota Motor North America's (TMNA) Macro Economic forecasts for the near, mid, and long term (2026 and beyond), as well as working with groups across the organization (including the executive level) that use these forecasts. These economic forecasts are a crucial element for TMNA's planning of vehicle lines, production footprint, and production planning, as well as headquarters planning, dealer operations, and many other areas. In addition to the scheduled projects, there are periodic ad hoc studies not only on Macroeconomic topics but also behavioral economics and similar factors that can drive customer behavior. 
Reporting to the Forecasting Manager, the person in this role will support the Enterprise Strategy Market Insights Department's objective to provide accurate and insightful forecasts to the organization for confident decision-making.
 What you'll be doing
 Develop and finalize the short, mid, and long-term U.S. economic outlook and possible scenarios to be reviewed and shared through TMNA Senior Management. 
 Apply modeling expertise to refine methodologies for forecasting the near to long-term outlook, for inclusion in forecasts & scenario planning. Responsible for identifying emerging economic issues and elevating to senior management with thought pieces. 
 Produce in-depth thematic studies to aid in research, forecasting, and scenario planning. 
 Support range of executive ad hoc requests related to economic topics. Analyze economic data releases and compile periodic reports, including quarterly economic monitor, monthly economic update for communications and sales team. 
 Collect, summarize, and formulate TMNA point of view regarding third-party economist views, through periodic and ad hoc Wall Street economist interviews and economic research conferences. 
 Consult with and advise internal stakeholders at all levels on economic issues and questions, providing subject matter expertise at all levels. 
 Maintain ongoing collaboration with counterparts in Japan, at Toyota Motor Corporation's Research Division. 
 Collaborate with other experts within TMNA and Toyota Financial Services (TFS). 
What you bring
 Bachelor's degree or higher in Economics is required. 
 Subject matter expertise in economic forecasting, including 5+ years of working experience and 3+ years of working with economic forecasts required. 
 Experience modeling economic impact on an industry or sector is required. 
 Ability to deal with both qualitative and quantitative data is required. 
 Ability to simplify and communicate complex topics into easily understandable terms is required. 
 Strong presentation skills and experience presenting to varied audiences including management is required. 
 Ability to knowledgeably interview Wall Street and other third-party economists, maintaining good rapport is required. 
Added bonus if you have
 Masters or Ph. D. in Economics is preferred. 
 Experience with process automation, big data, and/or AI integration is preferred. 
 An understanding of North American automotive markets is preferred. 
 Experience presenting to corporate senior management is preferred. 
 Experience with specialized economic software or models (Oxford Economics, Macro-Economic Advisors, etc.) is preferred. 
What we'll bring 
During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include: A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility, and respect. 
 Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement. 
 Vehicle purchase & lease programs. 
 Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family. 
 Flextime and virtual work options (if applicable). 
 Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute. 
 Paid holidays and paid time off. 
 Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, childcare, schools, and more. 
 Flexible spending accounts. 
 Relocation assistance (if applicable). 
Belonging at Toyota
 Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. Respect for all is our North Star. Toyota is proud to have 10+ different Business Partnering Groups across 100 different North American chapter locations that support team members' efforts to dream, do and grow without questioning that they belong. As a company that has been one of DiversityInc's Top 50 Companies for Diversity and a member of The Billion Dollar Roundtable supporting minority and woman-owned suppliers for over 10 years, we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. 
Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics. 
Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com. 
To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time. Toyota 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Forecasting Manager jobs in Plano, TX Jobs at Toyota in Plano, TX Forecasting Manager salaries in Plano, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Toyota Toyota 8,345 reviews Come challenge what's possible with us.

We believe that when good ideas are shared, great things can happen. That's what led us to gre... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
