
 
 
 
 Adjunct Faculty- Data Science - Greenwood Village, CO 80111 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Adjunct Faculty- Data Science Beyond Campus Innovations 12 reviews Greenwood Village, CO 80111 Part-time Beyond Campus Innovations 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Part-time Full Job Description BCI is seeking terminally degreed (PhD) faculty in data science who are national leaders in their fields of study and who have previous experience teaching adult learners in an online platform. Previous experience teaching international students (notably Middle Eastern students) is desired. 
 Successful candidates will adhere to all BCI faculty expectations, including but not limited to: 
 Participating in the online classroom a minimum of five days per week, including one weekend day. 
 Conducting a minimum of seven live, hour-long lectures per term using Blackboard Collaborate. 
 Grading and providing detailed feedback on all assignments (critical thinking assignments and discussion board) within 72 hours of assignment due date. This includes in-depth feedback specific to the critical thinking assignment rubrics. 
 Actively responding to student emails and requests within 24 hours. 
 
 Skills and Qualifications: 
 Communicate effectively with students via Blackboard or similar Learning Management System (LMS). 
 Be a scholar in data science or a closely related discipline. 
 Preferred additional qualifications are listed below:
 Have hands-on experience using two or more of the following tool sets: Python/Anaconda/Pandas, R/R Studio/associated analytics libraries, or Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Pig. 
 Participate in academic conferences related to the data science field (such as those put forth by the ACM, AIS, INFORMS or DSI organizations). 
 Working experience in data science/analytics that includes data modeling, predictive analytics, machine learning, or AI. 
 Membership in data science related organization(s). 
 Experience in developing and teaching data science courses for an online program. 
 Experience teaching or working in the Middle East a plus. 
Additional Information: 
 BCI/International program courses are 16 weeks in length, currently taught in two sessions per year. 
 Course appointments are awarded on a term-to-term basis. 
 Employment is considered part-time on a per-assignment basis. 
 Compensation is competitive and is based on student enrollment. 
 Background checks and reference checks are required of all candidates. 
To Apply: 
For full consideration, an application must include a cover letter, CV, teaching philosophy, and unofficial graduate transcripts. Your CV should clearly indicate the following information: 
 Course codes, titles, and dates of college/university courses taught 
 Publications listed in APA format 
 Dates and titles of conference presentations 
 University and community engagement 
 International student online teaching experience 
 International work experience Beyond Campus Innovations 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Adjunct Faculty jobs in Greenwood Village, CO Jobs at Beyond Campus Innovations in Greenwood Village, CO Adjunct Faculty salaries in Greenwood Village, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Beyond Campus Innovations 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
