
 
 
 
 IT Tech Specialist I - Rochester, MN 55901 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Tech Specialist I Mayo Clinic 2,349 reviews Rochester, MN 55901 Remote Full-time Mayo Clinic 2,349 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description City 
Rochester 
State 
Minnesota 
Telecommute 
Yes 
Department 
Information Technology 
Why Mayo Clinic 
Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you'll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you'll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career!
 Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits . Eligibility may vary. 
Position description 
The Departmental Systems Division of Mayo Clinic IT is seeking a highly motivated and experienced IT individual to join the Nursing & Medical Specialties Unit as an IT Technical Specialist I. We have a highly collaborative environment and are seeking a technical resource that can assist team members with implementing and solving a variety of complex customer and IT driven requirements. In this role, you will design, implement, optimize, and support vended solutions for our Medical Specialties customers such as Neurology, Sleep Medicine, Ophthalmology, ENT, OB, Nursing, Audiology, and several others. You will share on-call responsibilities with your colleagues, as we have several critical patient care applications that are used 24X7. The ideal candidate will have demonstrated experience with IT Security and Architecture requirements, Enterprise Infrastructure platforms, interfacing 3rd party applications with Mayo's Core applications, and AI strategies. Experience with SQL (as an Application DBA), HL7, and FHIR is preferred. 
This position requires a high level of technical, analytical, and organizational skills, excellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to work collaboratively across various teams. The ideal candidate will have experience in providing IT support for clinical applications (including knowledge of TPRM and infrastructure processes) and is passionate about delivering quality solutions to our customers, while meeting the IT Security & Architecture standards. 
Strong team player whom can work independently on projects and assignments within scope of ability and authority escalating more complex issues or those requiring leadership approval to the appropriate individual. May regularly assume a team leadership role to direct and coordinate the work of other staff, which includes assigning tasks to staff taking criticality of the tasks. Serves as a consultant or tutor, coaching others in specific technical areas of expertise. Serves and participates on appropriate committees and institutional workgroups and acts as a resource to institutional committees on an ad hoc basis, providing consultation in their area of expertise. Participates on committees to establish technical standards, promote integration of data, and/or coordination of projects across work units. Responsible and accountable for the on-time completion of tasks and projects, demonstrating a commitment to meet established deadlines and priorities. Serves as an active member of technical workgroups needed to advance project objectives. Aids in technical planning for areas supported by work unit as part of yearly division planning. Provides leadership in the technical design, selection, and application of the of information and technology systems resources to satisfy the requirements of the department's systems. Participates in system technical reviews and projects within the institution to ensure technical architecture and design is consistent with business needs. Develops technical proposals that consider alternatives and business case, gains needed institutional approvals, and works effectively across departmental organizations gaining consensus of stakeholders. Is recognized within their work area or division as a technical expert and is sought out for their in-depth knowledge of a broad range of current technologies and these technologies apply to the Mayo's environment. Provides technical leadership in system architecture, design principles, software development methodologies, and selection of technology systems within their division. Understands and applies concepts of enterprise architecture to ensure systems align, adhere, and integrate within Mayo Education Technology enterprise environment. Interfaces routinely with colleagues who may be located at any of the Mayo sites to perform job responsibilities requiring virtual collaboration and partnership. 
Work is primarily done remotely but will be required to be on campus at times. Must live within a reasonable distance of any Mayo Clinic campus. 
Mayo Clinic will not sponsor or transfer visas for this position, including OPT STEM. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor's degree and 5 years' experience including 3 years' of demonstrated technical experience and 1 year of demonstrated leadership experience; Or, Associate's degree and 9 years' experience including 3 years' of demonstrated technical experience. 
Additional qualifications 
Capable of moving among work areas and willing to do so. Demonstrated project and deliverable consistency through repeatable and reliable performance. Proven evidence of project management skills. Demonstrated oral and written communication, organization, problem solving, and facilitation skills. Evidence of mastery level expertise in one computing technology. Demonstrated ability in solving complex technical problems with multiple computing technologies. Experience working in healthcare technology. Exposure to managing both custom developed and vendor-supplied applications. Master's degree in applicable field preferred. 
Exemption status 
Exempt 
Compensation Detail 
Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum salary every 2 weeks is approx $3,854.40, based on a full-time position. 
Benefits eligible 
Yes 
Schedule 
Full Time 
Hours / Pay period 
80 
Schedule details 
Standard Hours are Monday-Friday 8-5. Additional hours may be required along with 1 week 24X7 on-call rotations (apx 1 out of every 7 weeks). 
Weekend schedule 
Standard Hours are Monday-Friday 8-5. Additional hours may be required along with 1 week 24X7 on-call rotations (apx 1 out of every 7 weeks). 
Site description 
Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life. 
Category 
IT and Engineering 
Career profile 
Information Technology 
Job posting number 
160336BR 
Recruiter 
Ted Keefe 
Equal opportunity employer 
As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 
Email Mayo Clinic 16 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job IT Technician jobs in Rochester, MN Jobs at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN IT Technician salaries in Rochester, MN Company Info Follow Get job updates from Mayo Clinic Mayo Clinic 2,349 reviews Mayo Clinic is the first and largest integrated, not-for-profit medical group practice in the world. Doctors from every medical specialty... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
