
 
 
 
 Applications Developer III (Part-time) - McDonnell Genome Institute - St. Louis, MO - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Applications Developer III (Part-time) - McDonnell Genome Institute Washington University in St. Louis 732 reviews St. Louis, MO $68,200 - $116,600 a year  -   Part-time Washington University in St. Louis 732 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Salary $68,200 - $116,600 a year Job Type Part-time Full Job Description Scheduled Hours
 20
 Position Summary
 The McDonnell Genome Institute at Washington University is recruiting an applications developer to work in a team environment towards the development of a next-generation augmented artificial intelligence platform capable of ingesting medical knowledge from a multitude of sources including text, such as journal articles, as well as data from omics, chemical, and healthcare sources.
 Job Description
 Job Location/Working Conditions 
 
There will be some activities that require trips to other university offices and offsite locations. Provide off hours support, as needed.
 Primary Duties and Responsibilities
 Conduct work flow study and analysis of business practices.
 Analyze and document existing processes as they relate to information technology solutions. 
 
Perform application lifecycle activities.
 Code, monitor, maintain, test, and debug software applications.
 Follow established change management processes.
 Facilitate code reviews and enforce code standards.
 Develop and execute test plan development.
 Research and evaluate new technology, products, specialized hardware and tools to optimize development and functionality of applications.
 Make recommendations to management and customers.
 Assist in ensuring team members complete tasks as assigned, taking corrective action to stay on schedule . 
 
Provide support.
 Support complex operational activities and recoveries.
 Coordinate with software vendors and external service providers.
 Troubleshoot escalated software bugs and provide fixes.
 Provide off hours support, as needed. 
 
Leadership.
 Provide, cultivate and foster excellent customer service.
 Enforce adherence to departmental standards.
 Instruct, train, and guide less experienced staff. 
 
Perform other duties as assigned.
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications
 MS or PhD in bioinformatics, computational chemistry, computational biology, or a related field.
 10+ years of scientific software development in C.
 Academic only experience will be considered but some commercial/industry software development experience is preferred.
 Prior experience working with biological and chemical data is a significant plus and an interest in developing novel AI/Machine Learning methods to be applied in a medical research setting is highly desired.
 We are seeking a motivated candidate with a desire to take on new scientific challenges and with demonstrated talent for novel algorithm development.
 The position will eventually require collaboration with research groups, so excellent written and oral communication skills are essential.
 Applicants should demonstrate a commitment to growth, attention to detail and a pursuit of excellence.
 Advanced technical knowledge of application systems and analysis, as well as industry best practices.
 Ability to research and implement new technologies in specialty or related areas.
 Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work as part of a team and independently.
 Champion continual improvement of internal processes and procedures.
 Ability to consult with clients and higher level technicians and analysts to resolve technical problems and ensure customer satisfaction.
 Ability to interact with customers to discuss and recommend alternative technical solutions.
 Ability to work extra hours and recognize the need to do so.
 Ability to adjust scheduled time.
 Required Qualifications
 Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline such as computer science, plus three years relevant technology experience or equivalent combination of education & experience.
 Grade
 G14
 Salary Range
 $68,200.00 - $116,600.00 / Annually
 The salary range reflects base salaries paid for positions in a given job grade across the University. Individual rates within the range will be determined by factors including one's qualifications and performance, equity with others in the department, market rates for positions within the same grade and department budget.
 Pre-Employment Screening
 All external candidates receiving an offer for employment will be required to submit to pre-employment screening for this position. The screenings will include criminal background check and, as applicable for the position, other background checks, drug screen, an employment and education or licensure/certification verification, physical examination, certain vaccinations and/or governmental registry checks. All offers are contingent upon successful completion of required screening.
 Benefits Statement
 Washington University in St. Louis is committed to providing a comprehensive and competitive benefits package to our employees. Benefits eligibility is subject to employment status, full-time equivalent (FTE) workload, and weekly standard hours. Please visit our website at https://hr.wustl.edu/benefits/ to view a summary of benefits.
 EEO/AA Statement
 Washington University is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to an individual’s sex, race, color, religion, age, disability status, protected veteran status, national or ethnic origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation. Women, minorities, protected veterans and the disabled are strongly encouraged to apply.
 Diversity Statement
 Washington University is dedicated to building a diverse community of individuals who are committed to contributing to an inclusive environment – fostering respect for all and welcoming individuals from diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives. Individuals with a commitment to these values are encouraged to apply.
 Applicant Instructions
 When you are ready to apply, creating an account only takes a minute. Your account creates a candidate home page which we will use to communicate with you and allows you to apply for jobs and view your application statuses. The first page of the application offers two “Quick Apply” options. Quick Apply allows you to either use a previous application or create a new application using a resume to populate the work experience and education sections of your job application. If using a resume to populate your application, check to ensure the application fields populated accurately. You may skip the “Quick Apply” page by clicking “Next” at the bottom of the page. Documents may be uploaded in the My Experience section of the application. You also have the option to apply with a Linkedin feature, which allows you to apply by using your Linkedin profile to populate some of the job application fields. Washington University in St. Louis 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Application Developer jobs in St. Louis, MO Senior Application Developer salaries in St. Louis, MO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Washington University in St. Louis Washington University in St. Louis 732 reviews As the School of Medicine’s clinical practice, Washington University Physicians is among the largest academic practices in the nation. Ou... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
