
 
 
 
 Project Scientist - Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM) - Los Angeles, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Project Scientist - Artificial Intelligence in Medicine (AIM) CEDARS-SINAI 1,001 reviews Los Angeles, CA Full-time CEDARS-SINAI 1,001 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description If you're passionate about deep and machine learning research and have a strong background in scientific computing and data management, we invite to consider this great opportunity and apply today! 
 When the work you do every single day has a crucial impact on the lives of others, every effort, every detail, and every second matters. This shared culture of happiness, passion, and dedication pulses through Cedars-Sinai, and it’s just one of the many reasons why we rank as one of the top hospitals in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. 
 The mission of the Artificial Intelligence in Medicine Program is to use artificial intelligence to solve existing gaps in mechanisms, diagnostics, and therapeutics of major human disease conditions. Our team includes physician-scientists, data scientists, computer scientists, biostatisticians and bioinformaticians focused on high impact cardiovascular clinical research by leveraging cutting edge machine learning techniques. 
 The Project Scientist works independently and in cooperation with the Principal Investigator to make significant and creative contributions to a research or creative project in any academic discipline. The position may be an ongoing member of a research team or may be employed for a limited period of time to contribute high-level skills to a specific research or creative program. This role is not required to carry out independent research or to develop an independent research reputation and do not have teaching responsibilities. Ordinarily, the Project Scientist title will carry out research or creative programs as well as administration of day-to-day lab operations with supervision by a member of the Professorial Series. 
 #Jobs 
 Primary Job Duties and Responsibilities: 
 May assist in preparation of grant proposals, submissions, publications, and presentations but is not responsible for generating grant funds. 
 May serve as PI for certain grants as approved by supervising member of the Professorial Series. 
 May participate in publications and presentations as author or co-author. 
 May develop, adapt and implement new research techniques and protocols. 
 Assists in lab experiments, understands regulations, policies, and protocols to control and maintain accurate records. 
 Analyzes, interprets, summarizes and compiles data for research studies. 
 May lead or train Staff Research Associates and Research Fellows. 
 Will assist in day-to-day laboratory activities. 
 Department-Specific Responsibilities: 
 May lead and manage data workflows between imaging (PACS) systems, machine learning pipelines, and clinician interfaces through integration with third-party APIs and development of clinician user interfaces. 
 Designs pipelines for data collection, clinical data abstraction, processing data, maintaining record systems, and debugging deep learning training pipelines. 
 Processes clinical data using a range of computer applications and database systems to support cleaning and management of subject or patient data. 
 Analysis of research data using PyTorch, Scipy, and applicable analysis applications and packages. 
 Maintains accuracy, integrity, and security of complex, large computerized records systems. 
 
 Education: 
 Doctorate degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Math, Economics, Statistics, or related field is required. 
 Demonstrated significant, original, and creative contributions to a research or creative program or project. 
 Experience and Skillset: 
 Completion of postdoctoral appointment in area of specialization, as applicable. 
 Knowledge of PI’s area of research specialization 
 Expertise in deep machine learning, scientific computing, proficiency with Python, R, SQL, OpenCV, Pydicom, SciPy, Tensorflow, and PyTorch. 
 Familiarity in Unix/Linux environments including command line and SSH. Cedars-Sinai 3 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Los Angeles, CA Jobs at CEDARS-SINAI in Los Angeles, CA Scientist salaries in Los Angeles, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from CEDARS-SINAI CEDARS-SINAI 1,001 reviews Since its beginning in 1902, Cedars-Sinai has evolved to meet the healthcare needs of one of the most diverse regions in the nation, cont... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
