
 
 
 
 Research Scientist (San Francisco) - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Scientist (San Francisco) Generally Intelligent San Francisco, CA Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 2 days ago Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
 We started Generally Intelligent because we believe that software with human-level intelligence will have a transformative impact on the world. We're dedicated to ensuring that that impact is a positive one. 
 We have enough funding to last for decades, and our backers include Y Combinator, researchers from OpenAI, Threshold, and many others. 
 This role is about leading a team of research engineers to investigate the fundamental questions of intelligence, knowledge and understanding in support of developing software with human level intelligence. 
 About the role 
 You will run experiments in order to more deeply understand both the current solutions (e.g., what specific deep neural networks are learning) and the current problems (e.g., what about the training data makes it difficult to learn the patterns that seem so obvious to us). 
 You will work closely with other researcher engineers on your team in order to run those experiments. You will delegate and coordinate significant portions of the work in order to make more progress than you could on your own. 
 You will pair program with other researchers and research engineers. We find pair programming particularly useful because ML code needs a high level of correctness. 
 You will mentor other engineers and help them become better at doing machine learning research. 
 You will read research and conduct your own literature reviews to identify relevant baselines, find new architectures and techniques that we might want to incorporate, and generally stay current in the field. 
 You will participate in (our own unique version of) daily stand-ups, research planning, strategy discussions, paper clubs, learn-a-thons, and other activities designed to give us space to learn and plan and think. 
 About you 
 You are excited to lead and mentor a small team of great research engineers as we explore the practical issues that are fundamentally in the way of us building more general, powerful, robust AI systems. 
 You are a graduate of (or currently enrolled in) a PhD program in the field of machine learning (or equivalent experience, e.g., in industry or on your own time). Ideal candidates will have published multiple papers in top venues (or at least submitted many papers—we recognize that the process is flawed and are happy to review your work ourselves). 
 You are either a very strong software engineer,  or  you have significant research experience (as a post-doc, professor, or industry researcher) 
 About us 
 we believe in working with the absolute best people in the world (which is why we pay top of market) 
 we believe that there is somethings special about getting the most talented people together in one room, especially for research (which is why we're fully in-person in SF) 
 we believe that curiosity and personal growth are both extremely important (which is why you will have a $30K+ yearly budget for executive coaching, books, courses, conferences, etc) 
 we believe that it is critical to not just attract great individuals, but build strong relationships between them (whichis why we have quarterly team off-sites, frequent team dinners, and other events) 
 we believe in investing in resources so that you can work more effectively (which is why we have a $250K+ compute budget per person, dedicated contract engineers to support our researchers individually, why we've built internal tools to automate hyper-parameter optimization, etc) 
 we believe in creating a culture of science and truth-seeking, where no idea is too crazy to consider and no ideas are considered holy (which is why we encourage questions in the middle of company-wide presentations and why we force the most junior members in a meeting to weigh in first) 
 we also believe in creating a culture of psychological safety, where everyone feels able to voice their opinion without fear of judgment (which is why we have “Feelings Friday”, where we have space to share how we felt during the week, and why we have a culture manual with a bunch of small habits that help encourage safe, effective communication) 
 we believe in having fun, and that being in a positive environment isn't just much more productive, it's just a better way to live (which is why we take Friday afternoons off together as a team, joke around, and join in each others' hobbies, whether it's D&D or hiking or meditation) 
 we believe that creating software with human level intelligence comes with the responsibility to ensure that it benefits all of humanity, not just a select few (which is why we're creating a public benefit corporation, why we're interested in safety research (https://generallyintelligent.ai/podcast-episode-10-dylan-hadfield-menell.html), and why we have internal working groups on safety. 
 How to apply 
 All submissions are reviewed by a person, so we encourage you to include a cover letter. If you have any other work that you can showcase (open source code, side projects, etc), you should certainly include it! 
 We try to reply either way within a week or two at most (usually much sooner). 
 We know that talent comes from many backgrounds, and with many different skills and preferences. That's why we have a hiring process that gives you the ability to showcase yourself in a variety of different ways, depending on what feels best for you. Generally Intelligent 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Research Scientist jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at Generally Intelligent in San Francisco, CA Research Scientist salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Generally Intelligent Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
