
 
 
 
 Associate Software Engineering Program - Westlake, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Associate Software Engineering Program Charles Schwab 1,404 reviews Westlake, TX $70,700 - $111,900 a year  -   Full-time Charles Schwab 1,404 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $70,700 - $111,900 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Your Opportunity 
Do you enjoy working with technologies such as micro services, cloud computing, AI, and big data? Do you like the challenge of identifying and solving problems? 
This award-winning, comprehensive, full time role is a part of the nine-month NERD (New Employee Recruitment and Development) program that blends on-the-job experience with an extensive training curriculum that covers tools, technologies, processes and soft skills required to be successful in Schwab Technology Services for new college graduates. NERDs have a manager, a mentor, a buddy, a coach, and others who are dedicated to their success. 
What you are good at 
What you will get out of the program: 
A full time Associate Software Developer position with benefits, paid time off, and all of the other perks of being a Schwabbie! 
Professional Growth - Technical and soft skills curriculum designed to accelerate your career. 
Hands-on Experience - Cross-functional experience and skills gained from on-the-job assignments. 
Knowledge Sharing - Opportunity to share and present ideas around innovation. 
Presentation Opportunities - Strengthen existing presentation and communication skills. 
Individual Coaching - One-on-one coaching and real-time development from host team. 
Exposure to Leadership - Experiences with leaders across Schwab Technology Services. 
Peer-to-peer interaction - Share ideas and experiences and as you grow alongside a cohort of peers. 
What you have 
Currently enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or related discipline with a graduation date of December 2021 or earlier.
 Ability to start full time with the program on January 24th, 2022 
Experience with algorithm design 
Basic understanding of object-oriented analysis and design 
Experience with data structures 
Understanding of Java or C# development 
Familiarity with RESTful web services and Cloud APIs is a plus 
Database modeling is a plus 
UX, Web development or mobile development is a plus 
Inventiveness and eagerness to work with experimental technology is a must! 
Demonstrated Leadership Potential 
Passion and aptitude for solving problems utilizing Innovation and Experimentation 
Colorado Compensation
 Target Total Compensation - $70,700 - $ 111,900 
Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience - talk with your recruiter to learn more. 
Why work for us? 
Own Your Tomorrow embodies everything we do! We are committed to helping our employees ignite their potential and achieve their dreams. Our employees get to play a central role in reinventing a multi-trillion-dollar industry, creating a better, more modern way to build and manage wealth. 
Benefits: A competitive and flexible package designed to empower you for today and tomorrow. We offer a competitive and flexible package designed to help you make the most of your life at work and at home—today and in the future. Explore further. 
Schwab is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone feels valued. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to any status that is protected by law. Please click here to see the policy. 
 Schwab is an affirmative action employer, focused on advancing women, racial and ethnic minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities in the workplace. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodations in the application process, contact Human Resources at applicantaccessibility@schwab.com or call  800-275-1281 . 
TD Ameritrade, a subsidiary of Charles Schwab, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. At TD Ameritrade we believe People Matter. We value diversity and believe that it goes beyond all protected classes, thoughts, ideas, and perspectives. Charles Schwab 13 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in Westlake, TX Jobs at Charles Schwab in Westlake, TX Software Engineer salaries in Westlake, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Charles Schwab Charles Schwab 1,404 reviews Financial services can be complicated. At Charles Schwab, we’re trying to fix that. We have a history of challenging the status quo and i... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
