
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Carlsbad, CA 92009 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Ezoic 8 reviews Carlsbad, CA 92009 Full-time Employer actively reviewed job 16 days ago Ezoic 8 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Ezoic, we build a platform to help online publishers (i.e. Internet web sites) improve their monetization and ensure a fantastic user experience. Our all-in-one digital publishing platform offers a comprehensive suite of tools that automate many of the technical aspects of running a successful web site so publishers can focus on connecting with their audience and writing great content. 
 Artificial Intelligence is at the core of everything that we do, and we are looking for a motivated, creative, results-oriented data scientist to develop novel, scalable models that improve website experiences for tens of millions of visitors each day. This is a high-impact position that will contribute to the very heart of our product. 
 What you'll do: 
 Develop novel, production-ready machine learning models using our in-house neural network architecture, open source tools, or custom solutions built from scratch 
Proactively perform data exploration on user behavior and website performance to discover future testing opportunities 
Lead the research and development of new predictive modeling techniques to increase customer revenue, reduce page load time, improve user experience, and move other key metrics 
Perform ad hoc analyses and modeling projects across our business, from marketing to business intelligence to core product 
Maintain rigorous experimental design practices in a fast-moving environment 
Serve as an advocate for the company's data and product by clearly communicating key results with internal and external stakeholders 
 What you'll need: 
 PhD or MS degree, or equivalent experience, in a highly-quantitative or computational field 
5+ years experience in developing robust production machine learning systems. 
Experience in two or more of: traditional machine learning models, online learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, representation learning. 
Experience with ML/DL algorithms with frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Spark 
Strong coding experience with Python 
Strong SQL skills 
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team 
Ability to share results and insights with non-technical audience 
Ability to take a feature description and deliver a robust service in production (Docker or TensorFlow Serving) 
Experienced in the full lifecycle of machine learning component/model including data collection, exploration, feature engineering, model training/testing, offline and online experimentation, packaging and deployment to production. 
Ability to work with large, noisy dataset and identify meaningful patterns that provide actionable results 
Comfortable reaching out to domain experts to seek the knowledge you need 
 Extra Brownie Points: 
 Experience with distributed tools (Spark, Kubernetes, Docker) 
Experience in related industries (Search, Advertisement, Publishing) 
Experience interacting with multiple teams working responsible for various parts of the software platform 
Familiarity with web development (HTML, JavaScript, CSS) 
Experience of Golang or C++ 
 Life as an Ezoic engineer: 
Our technology reaches tens of millions of people every month and adoption is growingly quickly. Ezoic is a technology-first company. Our CEO is a developer by trade, and our engineers are given all the tools needed to succeed. We empower our engineers to make a lot of their own decisions about both design and implementation, and encourage them to come up with new ideas to improve the application. We also aim to keep a good work-life balance, based on our philosophy that happy engineers are more productive. We want you to be working on something that you are passionate about and allow engineers to move around to keep things fresh.
 
 
We have a new office in Carlsbad, CA, which is currently open to employees who have been fully vaccinated and wish to work in the office. We want to get back to in-person work this fall, but plan to allow engineers to work from home regularly if they can be more productive there.  This means we are only looking for engineers who are in or willing to relocate to the Carlsbad, CA  area, but we will be flexible on timing based on how the pandemic goes. Every engineer works at their own quad-monitor setup on a standing desk. We pride ourselves on getting stuff done, but when you need a break, Ezoic offers great perks, including unlimited vacation time, catered lunches, snacks, flexible hours, ping pong, video games, and pool. We also encourage VTO, and all employees are welcomed to take 20 hours of paid volunteer time off. 
#ZR Ezoic 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Ezoic in Carlsbad, CA Senior Data Scientist salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Ezoic Ezoic 8 reviews Ezoic is a Google award-winning, VC-backed startup that provides sophisticated machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions to ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
