
 
 
 
 Software Engineer, Network Product Group - Sunnyvale, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer, Network Product Group Google 3,871 reviews Sunnyvale, CA Google 3,871 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in computer science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 
 Experience leading cross-functional teams to consensus for design problems. 
 Experience writing clear, well-structured architecture designs and documentation. 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in designing and developing network management components. 
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day.
 As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 Google Global Network connects external users and enterprises to Google services running on internal production machines, along with connecting these production machines to each other. These external users and enterprises, and internal services expect consistent performance matched to their needs from the underlying network. The network is built using multiple technologies corresponding to multiple scale, efficiency, and feature requirements across multiple platform and architecture generations. 
 The network product provides a consumable view of the underlying network and decouples its usage from how it is designed, planned, and delivered. Users must be able to consume the network in a manner that is agnostic to its underlying technology. This assures a consistent expectation and performance for users while leaving GGN free to evolve and optimize the underlying network implementation independently.
 Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems. 
Responsibilities 
 Define prototypes and APIs required for product attributes such as end points and Service Level Objectives (SLOs) as well as all the supported implementation mappings. 
 Design, develop, and automate the maintenance of the catalogue of the products. 
 Integrate with ordering, ledgering, enforcement, chargeback, and other systems. 
 Build large-scale data analysis pipelines for figuring out product parameters and thresholds to set (eg: latency thresholds). 
 Analyze to quantify gaps in current datasets used for products and SLOs. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 6 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Google in Sunnyvale, CA Software Developer salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,871 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
