
 
 
 
 Sr Manager R&D, Machine Learning and AI, - Carlsbad, CA 92008 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr Manager R&D, Machine Learning and AI, Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,517 reviews Carlsbad, CA 92008 Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,517 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Requisition Title:  Senior Manager R&D Machine Learning/AI 
 Requisition ID:  175249BR 
 
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion and extensive investment in R&D. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies, or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them. 
 
 Location/Division : Carlsbad, CA or South San Francisco, CA Genetic Sciences Division 
 
 How will you make an impact? 
The position is based in and it is part of the core Algorithm Development team within Software Engineering R&D organization. We develop molecular testing and molecular diagnostics with world-renowned real-time PCR, microarray, and capillary electrophoresis instrumentation systems. 
You will lead Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence innovation and be part of the team which focuses on algorithm and technology development for molecular diagnostics and testing in the fast-growing field of personalized medicine. You will work closely with a talented and energetic team of software and systems designers revolutionizing healthcare through low-cost and high throughput diagnostic systems. 
 
 What will you do? 
Lead Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) innovation and algorithm development. 
Identify appropriate applications for ML and AI in all stages of R&D and product development: primary and secondary analysis, image analysis and signal processing, assay development, ML-assisted quality control and instrument data analytics. 
Design AWS CI/CD pipelines for ML model development and continuous training with internal and external data. 
Define goals for the data annotation team, set metrics for data sufficiency, biases, etc. 
Guide algorithm development team to establish best practices and operation processes for ML and AI development, define ML and AI algorithm development goals and success metrics. 
 
How will you get here? 
 Education: 
The position is offered to candidates with Ph.D. in ML/AI, Computer science, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Bioinformatics, or a related field. 
Applicants with master’s degree, 3+ years of direct experience in areas below, and demonstrated passion for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence will get full consideration. 
 
Experience 
2+ years of experience leading machine learning and algorithm development for scientific applications is required. 
3+ years of direct experience in software development for commercial applications. 
Strong technical and people leadership personality is necessary. 
Proficiency in at least one of deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Caffe2, or others. 
Excellent understanding of ML and AI techniques and algorithms, such as deep learning, CNN, RNN, GAN, decision trees, clustering, ensembles, etc. 
Proficiency in Python and Linux is required, experience in C++ or Java is a strong preference. 
Experience with AWS technology stack is a must have. 
Solid foundation in mathematics, especially probability, classical and Bayesian statistics, linear algebra, differential equations. 
Experience with regulated software projects (HIPAA, FDA GMP, etc.) will make you a stronger candidate. 
Effective communication skills, especially for presenting scientific results, keeping records, and working collaboratively in a team of scientists are necessary. 
At Thermo Fisher, each one of our 65,000 outstanding minds has a unique story to tell. Join us and contribute to our singular mission—enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner, and safer. Thermo Fisher Scientific 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior R&D Engineer jobs in Carlsbad, CA Jobs at Thermo Fisher Scientific in Carlsbad, CA Senior R&D Engineer salaries in Carlsbad, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific 3,517 reviews At Thermo Fisher Scientific, we work together to accelerate research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, d... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
