
 
 
 
 SVP, Product Management - Data and Intelligence - Redwood Shores, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search SVP, Product Management - Data and Intelligence Amobee 13 reviews Redwood Shores, CA Full-time Amobee 13 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Amobee is one of the largest advertising technology companies in the world. Amobee operates globally, and its technology and products run advertising planning, execution, and measurement for some of the world's largest advertisers, broadcasters, and agencies. 
 
Amobee's product portfolio includes various dimensions of the advertising industry's buy-side and sell-side capabilities that cut across major industry shifts and trends across TV-digital-programmatic. Our product formats consist of emerging enterprise applications and internet-scale platforms and applications; some are our industry's largest workloads in scale and performance. As we expand into emerging opportunities, we look for a senior executive to manage our data and intelligence products and capabilities. 
 
As an SVP of Data and Intelligence, you will be a part of Amobee's Senior Leadership Team and responsible for Amobee's data products. It's an exciting opportunity to build data and intelligence capabilities used by Amobee's applications and platforms and build data products that can be offered to customers either as add-ons or standalone products. 
This executive-level role reports to the Chief Product Officer of Amobee 
 
 
Responsibilities
 Manage Amobee's data and intelligence capabilities across its product life cycle from data strategy, data requirements to release of data capabilities and services. 
Build a solid product management organization that's made of talented product managers, owners, and subject matter experts in the TV, Digital, and Programmatic domains. 
Lead Amobee's enterprise data strategy, roadmap while working closely with Amobee's customer-facing teams, analysts, and customers. 
Lead the organization-wide prioritization process and make decisions aligned with Amobee's vision and strategic goals. 
Collaborate and partner with the engineering and data science organization to ensure that there is a well-defined charter across product and engineering teams for Amobee's data products and capabilities. 
Lead the data products and capabilities that deliver data as a service and ensure that insights and intelligence as capabilities are applied across all TV, Digital, and Programmatic use cases. 
 
 
Required Qualifications 
A Master’s and/or a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or Engineering. 
15+ years of product management or product engineering experience in building data products and capabilities ranging from reporting, insights, analytics, insights, and measurement. 
10+ years of experience working on large-scale data platforms and intelligence (AI/ML). 
Innovative leadership experience in building 'version one' products and ability to understand, deal with and lead the product group thru ambiguity. 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail. 
Experience in Ad-Tech, Mar-Tech industries, and domain knowledge or exposure to TV, Digital, Agencies, and Media companies. 
Experience in working with senior commercial and go-to-market leaders to communicate, partner, and ensure clarity on product strategy, roadmap, and execution. 
Experience in partnering with go-to-market teams for revenue-related objectives and with engineering for product release and roadmap-related objectives. 
Experience in working closely with finance to understand the nuances of metrics and nuances of revenue in the advertising buy-side and sell-side business. 
Experience in understanding market dynamics related to privacy, and competitive dynamics across agencies, broadcasters, walled gardens, and advertisers. 
Exceptional written, verbal communication, and presentation skills. 
Strong communication skills with an ability to communicate complex concepts to a non-technical audience. 
 
 
Desired Qualifications 
Experience in applying data products and solutions to problems in advertising technology and the domains of TV, Video, Digital, and Programmatic. 
 #L1-AT1 
About Amobee 
The world’s leading independent advertising platform, Amobee unifies all advertising channels—including TV, programmatic and social—across all formats and devices. We provide marketers with streamlined, advanced media planning capabilities powered by in-depth analytics and proprietary audience data. Our platform and technology, provides the most advanced advertising solutions for the convergence of digital and advanced TV— including linear TV, over the top, connected TV, and premium digital video. Enabling advertisers to plan and activate across more than 150 integrated partners, including Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Snapchat and Twitter. 
Amobee has been named to Fortune’s Top 10 Best Workplaces in Advertising and Marketing. Amobee’s platforms have been widely recognized amongst our industry winning numerous awards in technology innovation, see all Amobee Awards. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Singtel, one of the largest telco companies in the world, reaching over 700 million mobile subscribers in 21 countries. Amobee operates across North America, Europe, Middle East, Asia and Australia. For more information, visit amobee.com or follow @amobee 
In addition to our great environment, we offer a competitive base salary, employee development programs and other comprehensive benefits. Please send a cover letter along with your resume when applying to the position of interest located at Amobee.com. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. No phone calls and no recruiting agencies, please. Amobee 14 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Vice President of Product Management jobs in Redwood Shores, CA Jobs at Amobee in Redwood Shores, CA Vice President of Product Management salaries in Redwood Shores, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Amobee Amobee 13 reviews Amobee is a global marketing technology company that provides data driven cross channel digital advertising solutions for agencies, brand... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
