
 
 
 
 Assistant Professor (Non-Tenure Track) - Hershey, PA 17033 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Assistant Professor (Non-Tenure Track) Penn State University 1,430 reviews Hershey, PA 17033 Full-time Penn State University 1,430 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION AND POSITION REQUIREMENTS:
 Assistant Professor (Non-Tenure Track)
 Description:
 The Department of Pharmacology at the Penn State University College of Medicine in Hershey, PA invites applications for a research faculty position (limited-term; non-tenure track) at the Assistant Professor level. We seek an innovative basic scientist who will work collaboratively with an existing research program focused on developing RNA designing software, but also develop and maintain a vigorous, independent research program in a translational setting. This individual should bring expertise related to the pharmacology, drug discovery, RNA modeling, machine learning and artificial intelligence. Preference will be given to individuals who are expert in molecular biophysics and computer science. Experience and/or prior training in computational modeling of RNA and small molecules, docking and discrete molecular dynamics simulations, are essential.
 Requirements:
 Candidates must have a doctoral degree in biophysics (PhD, MD, or DSc or equivalent) with at least four years of post-graduate research training. Candidates with evidence of significant intellectual contributions to her/his respective field, as demonstrated by a publication record of senior authorship in highly regarded journals and independent grant funding, will be given priority.
 This is a limited-term non-tenure line position funded for one year from date of hire, with possibility of refunding. 
 
 Employment will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University polices. 
 
 The Pennsylvania State University is committed to and accountable for advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in all of its forms. We embrace individual uniqueness, foster a culture of inclusive excellence that supports both broad and specific diversity initiatives, leverage the educational and institutional benefits of diversity, and engage all individuals to help them thrive. We value inclusive excellence
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS:
 Pursuant to the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act and the Pennsylvania Act of 1988, Penn State publishes a combined Annual Security and Annual Fire Safety Report (ASR). The ASR includes crime statistics and institutional policies concerning campus security, such as those concerning alcohol and drug use, crime prevention, the reporting of crimes, sexual assault, and other matters. The ASR is available for review here .
 Employment with the University will require successful completion of background check(s) in accordance with University policies.
 EEO is the Law
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to all qualified applications without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identify, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you are unable to use our online application process due to an impairment or disability, please contact  814-865-1473 . 
 Hershey, PA Penn State University 18 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Assistant Professor jobs in Hershey, PA Jobs at Penn State University in Hershey, PA Assistant Professor salaries in Hershey, PA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Penn State University Penn State University 1,430 reviews There’s a reason Penn State consistently ranks among the top one percent of the world’s universities. Across 24 campuses, our 100,000 stu... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
