
 
 
 
 Post Bachelors RA - National Security - Computing and Analytics (NSIP) - Seattle, WA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Bachelors RA - National Security - Computing and Analytics (NSIP) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 156 reviews Seattle, WA Internship Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 156 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Internship Full Job Description Organization and Job ID 
 Job ID: 312694 
 Directorate: National Security 
 Division: Computing & Analytics 
 Job Description 
 PNNL is seeking bachelor degree candidates for assignments within the National Security Internship Program (NSIP). The Computing and Analytics Division is looking for individuals who have a passion for solving critical national challenges using advanced computational, statistical, and mathematical techniques. The intern will be given an opportunity to be presented with complex problems in national security, energy, and science; apply cutting-edge research to make our nation safer and stronger; develop complex computer code; develop and participate in cyber competitions; design new visualization; work with big data and optimize solutions in diverse domains. Positions are available in Richland, WA and Seattle, WA, based on business need. Positions may also be performed remotely or on campus at PNNL based on business need. 
 Diverse Focus Areas: Your internship can be in one of six technical groups. 
 Applied Statistics & Computational Modeling: Employ powerful tools and techniques, such as mathematical modeling and computational statistics, graph and game theory, network science, and uncertainty quantification to solve complex problems in a variety of domains. 
 
 Disciplines: Applied Mathematics, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research 
 Cyber Security: Deliver first-of-a-kind solutions ranging from network and software development to embedded systems to protect our nation’s critical strategic assets. Develop cyber technologies and processes that have direct impact on our national security and scientific missions. 
 
 Disciplines: Cyber Security, Computer Science 
 Data Sciences & Analytics: Operate on the data-to-knowledge continuum distilling large, fast, distributed, and messy data into knowledge to support decision processes. 
 
 Disciplines: Artificial Intelligence, Applied Machine Learning, Data Science, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Geospatial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing, and Mathematics of Data Science 
 Operations & Analysis: Use a multitude of information sources to identify threats to critical networks and 
 
 systems, creating tools that help us become more efficient at identifying those threats. 
 Disciplines: Cyber Security, Computer Science, Information Management 
 Software Engineering & Architectures: Develop and deliver well-architected software-centric systems and deploy sustainable software and hardware systems used in high-impact production environments. 
 
 Disciplines: Mobile Application Development, Software Engineering, Software Testing 
 Visual Analytics: Combine innovative interactive visualizations with advanced automated data analysis techniques to enable users to gain deeper insights from their data. Make complex data useful through skillful visual design, compelling human computer interaction, sound analytic methods, and solid engineering. 
 
 Disciplines: Data Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Information Visualization, User 
 Experience, Virtual/Augmented Reality 
 To learn more: 
 http://workbasedlearning.pnnl.gov/default.aspx?topic=National_Security_Internship_Program_(NSIP) 
 http://www.pnnl.gov/nationalsecurity/technical/capabilities/computing/ 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mz2UPYcl_uI 
 *HOW TO APPLY * 
 In order to have a complete application package, the three (3) listed items below are required and must be uploaded correctly per the below instructions: 
 Combine the below into one (1) PDF document 
 1) Resume or CV 
 2) Current unofficial transcript, cumulative GPA must be listed 
 3) 300-word essay describing how your specific interests pertain to one of the focus areas listed above, such as personal projects, hobbies outside of class, or any other activity to help you gain extra experience in your field beyond textbook knowledge. In addition, please briefly describe how your interaction with our PNNL staff at the Tapia, GHC, or the SACNAS conference motivated you to apply for this position. 
  When prompted to “Upload Resume” all documents listed above must be bundled into ONE-SINGLE PDF for resume upload. 
 If any one of the 3 components are not included and/or not uploaded in one-single PDF file, application will be rejected and will no longer be considered. Electronic applications will be accepted until 11:59 p.m. (PST) on the posting close date. 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 Candidates must have received a Bachelor’s degree within the past 24 months or within the next 8 months from an accredited college or university. Minimum overall GPA of 3.3 required. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov. 
 If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via https://jobs.pnnl.gov/help.stm
 Please be aware that the Department of Energy (DOE) prohibits DOE employees and contractors from having any affiliation with the foreign government of a country DOE has identified as a “country of risk” without explicit approval by DOE and Battelle. If you are offered a position at PNNL and currently have any affiliation with the government of one of these countries you will be required to disclose this information and recuse yourself of that affiliation or receive approval from DOE and Battelle prior to your first day of employment. 
 Other Information 
 Some projects may require U.S. citizenship. 
 Directorate: National Security 
 Job Category: Post-Graduates and Post-Docs 
 Group: Stat Modeling & Expr Design 
 Opening Date: 2021-09-13 
 Closing Date: 2021-09-28 Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Security Officer jobs in Seattle, WA Jobs at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Seattle, WA Security Officer salaries in Seattle, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 156 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
