
 
 
 
 Social Science Research Professional - Stanford, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Social Science Research Professional Stanford University 729 reviews Stanford, CA Full-time Stanford University 729 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Stanford University Healthcare AI Applied Research Team is seeking a Social Science Research Professional 1 to join our collaborative and dynamic team to perform work in support of research, applying basic knowledge and understanding of scientific theory and methods. We search for a professional with prior applicable experience in a relevant social science field, and skills in executing mixed-methods (qualitative and quantitative) research studies, project management, and on-time, on-budget project execution. The role requires high degree of organization, basic understanding of qualitative methods, ability to exercise initiative and judgment, excellent written and oral communication skills, strong work ethic of collaboration, and exceptional, client-focused interpersonal skills. The research staff will play an important role in conducting and analyzing mixed methods investigations of innovative health related artificial intelligence and machine learning models applied to real world clinical settings. 
 This is an ideal position for an individual with undergraduate degree in a relevant field such as public health, health care management, health services research, sociology, or anthropology, interested in advancing toward higher level training (e.g., MD, Master’s or PhD degree), who has a passion for improving health and health care systems in the United States and the world through technology development, study and integration. 
 The Stanford Healthcare AI Applied Research Team is group of primary care physicians, scientists, and quality improvement experts who are dedicated to applied research on AI in healthcare. Our mission is to bring leading edge AI technologies "from code to bedside” in support of the Quintuple Aim. Our vision is to be a national leader in the study and implementation of AI technologies to solve specific, practical problems in healthcare. 
 Duties include: 
 Plan and perform research tasks requiring initiative and judgment by applying basic knowledge and understanding of scientific theory when precedents do not provide specific guidance. General instruction provided by the supervisor as needed. May interpret study results in collaboration with supervisor or PI. 
 Participate in the development and administration of survey instruments and rating scales requiring judgment in applying non-routine procedures. Analyze and summarize results for review with supervisor. Audit the accuracy and validity of data. 
 Identify, select, extract and summarize data and structured information. Present summary of findings to supervisor. 
 Conduct literature searches, and write literature summaries and manuscripts, requiring preliminary judgments after the supervisor outlines conceptual approach. 
 Build and organize data as requested by principal investigator or supervisor; use common statistical programs requiring the application of job control language in generating and organizing data. 
 Adapt new, nonstandard methods outlined by supervisor in designing and evaluating phases of research projects, (i.e., educational materials, questionnaires, strategies for recruitment, data quality control procedures and processes). May follow up with Institutional Review Board (IRB) to ensure renewals are approved and completed, seeking guidance where necessary. 
 Assist with development, communication and design of research findings to internal and external audiences, which may include web updates, social media, and/or white papers, for use in recruitment, educational, or awareness of programs, with guidance from supervisor. 
 May orient and train new staff or students. 
 
 - The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned. 
 DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 Undergraduate degree in a relevant field of social science including public health, health services research, sociology, or anthropology and 6 months to 1 year of prior applicable experience in a relevant social science field. 
 Strong organization and project management skills, with demonstrated experience bringing projects to completion. 
 Strong writing skills with ability to publish in peer-reviewed literature. 
 Strong design and artistic skills for the purposes of presentations and data visualization. 
 Experience with NVivo or Atlas.ti software. 
 Experience using statistical software such as R or STATA. 
 Strong client facing interpersonal and communication skills. 
 Ability to self-manage, set priorities, and easily adapt. 
 Interested in technology development methods and workflow integration in healthcare settings, especially artificial intelligence. 
 
 EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE (REQUIRED): 
 Bachelor of Arts degree in an applicable social science related field, or combination of education and relevant experience in an applicable social science. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (REQUIRED): 
 General understanding of scientific theory and methods, typically gained through completion of an undergraduate degree in a related field. 
 General computer skills and ability to quickly learn and master computer programs. 
 Ability to work under deadlines with general guidance. 
 Excellent organizational skills and demonstrated ability to complete detailed work accurately. 
 Effective oral and written communication skills. 
 Ability to work with human study participants. 
 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS*: 
 Frequently perform desk-based computer tasks, grasp lightly/fine manipulation, lift/carry/push/pull objects that weigh up to 10 pounds. 
 Occasionally stand/walk, sit, use a telephone, writing by hand, and sort/file paperwork or parts. 
 Rarely twist/bend/stoop/squat, kneel/crawl, rarely reach/work above shoulders, and operates foot and/or hand controls. 
 
 - Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS: 
 May be exposed to blood borne pathogens. 
 May be required to work non-standard, extended or weekend hours in support of research work. 
 
 WORKING STANDARDS: 
 Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates the ability to work well with Stanford colleagues and clients and with external organizations. 
 Promote Culture of Safety: Demonstrates commitment to personal responsibility and value for safety; communicates safety concerns; uses and promotes safe behaviors based on training and lessons learned. 
 Subject to and expected to comply with all applicable University policies and procedures, including but not limited to the personnel policies and other policies found in the University’s Administrative Guide, http://adminguide.stanford.edu/. 
 
 Why Stanford is for You 
Imagine a world without search engines or social platforms. Consider lives saved through first-ever organ transplants and research to cure illnesses. Stanford University has revolutionized the way we live and enrich the world. Supporting this mission is our diverse and dedicated 17,000 staff. We seek talent driven to impact the future of our legacy. Our culture and unique perks empower you with: 
 Freedom to grow . We offer career development programs, tuition reimbursement, or audit a course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or global leader speak. 
 A caring culture . We provide superb retirement plans, generous time-off, and family care resources. 
 A healthier you . Climb our rock wall, or choose from hundreds of health or fitness classes at our world-class exercise facilities. We also provide excellent health care benefits. 
 Discovery and fun . Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums. 
 Enviable resources . Enjoy free commuter programs, ridesharing incentives, discounts and more. 
 
 - Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Stanford University 27 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Researcher jobs in Stanford, CA Jobs at Stanford University in Stanford, CA Researcher salaries in Stanford, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Stanford University Stanford University 729 reviews Stanford University is one of the world's leading research universities. Stanford is known for its entrepreneurial character, drawn from ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
