
 
 
 
 Specialist, Family Engagement 21st CCLC - Houston, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Specialist, Family Engagement 21st CCLC Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Houston, TX Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. REPORTS TO:  Project Director 21st (CCLC) 
 
 WAGE/HOUR STATUS:  Exempt 
 
 PAY GRADE:  AI 2 
 
 
 PRIMARY PURPOSE: 
 
The Family Engagement Specialist (CCLC) will be responsible for providing ongoing, educational programs to parents/legal guardians, and immediate family members of students enrolled in the 21st CCLC Program. This position exists to develop and coordinate activities for students and parents participating in the 21st CCLC program throughout the ten centers in Spring ISD. The Family Engagement Specialist will work with the Project Director, Site Coordinators, and Principals to motivate family engagement in education and encourage successful student outcomes. This position will focus on developing and presenting parent engagement information and technical assistance throughout all 21st CCLC centers while maintaining accurate data relevant to the planning, management, and evaluation of the program. 
 
All employees of SISD are expected to act with integrity, support organizational goals, communicate in a clear and respectful manner, championing the needs of our students and drive continuous improvement. 
 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Required: 
 Bachelor’s degree in education, counseling or related field from an accredited college or university 
 Three years of experience working with at-risk students and families 
 Three years of experience working in an educational, social service, or family support service setting 
 Three years of experience with child development and effective parenting techniques 
 Three years of experience working with families that have diverse cultures and economic backgrounds 
 Preferred: 
 Masters degree in education or related field from and accredited college or university 
 5 years job related experience 
 Prior experience working with 21st CCLC grant 
 Bilingual in Spanish 
 Knowledge of the RTI (Response to Intervention) process 
 
 SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS: 
 Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
 Familiarity with the community and support agencies 
 Must be adaptable to meet the needs of the families in the program in addition to working flexible hours to accommodate work in the evening 
 Ability to maintain positive working relationships with staff, parents, students, community, and school administration 
 Strong organization and time management skills 
 Knowledge of child development and effective parenting techniques 
 
 MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: 
 Plans, coordinates, and implements a Family Engagement Program in each 21st Century Community Learning Center. 
 Develops Family Resource Centers to provide books, educational games, materials, and videos for the entire family. 
 Plans and organizes Family Engagement workshops and educational programs. 
 Informs families of community resources that can provide needed assistance. 
 Promotes parent and community volunteers at the 21st Century Community Learning Center. 
 Works closely with at-risk students to ensure they receive continued support for their educational goals. 
 Perform all other duties as assigned. 
 
 
 WORKING CONDITIONS:
 
 
The usual and customary methods of performing the job’s functions require the following physical demands: physical mobility, standing, prolonged sitting, some lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling. This position will also require both traveling within the district and state wide. Mental demands: Ability to solve problems and deal with a variety of situations; ability to interpret a variety of data; ability to interpret TEC and policy; ability to apply knowledge of current research and theory, ability to be effective in both oral and written communication; ability to maintain emotional control under stress. This position will require a flexible schedule, after hour events will be required. 
 
The foregoing statements describe the general purpose and responsibilities assigned to this job and are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties that may be assigned or skills that may be required. 
 
 
 
 0 
 
Email To A Friend 
Print Version 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Postings current as of 9/16/2021 12:50:55 AM CST. 
 
 FMLA regulations require all employers to post the updated FMLA notice. 
 
 
 Powered by applicant tracking, a product of Frontline Education. Spring Independent School District 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Engagement Specialist jobs in Houston, TX Jobs at Spring Independent School District in Houston, TX Engagement Specialist salaries in Houston, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Spring Independent School District 115 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
