
 
 
 
 Open Rank Faculty (2 positions available) - Piscataway, NJ - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Open Rank Faculty (2 positions available) Rutgers University 1,264 reviews Piscataway, NJ Non-tenure Rutgers University 1,264 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Non-tenure Full Job Description Position Details 
 Recruitment/Posting Title   Open Rank Faculty (2 positions available) 
 
 Department   SHP-Biomedical Informatics 
 
 Salary   Commensurate With Experience 
 
 Posting Summary 
 Rutgers, School of Health Professions (SHP), Department of Health Informatics invites applications for open rank full-time faculty position on the Non-Tenure Teaching Track). This position consists primarily of teaching, scholarship and service. Under the auspices of teaching, this individual will also assist the Program Director in the design, implementation, evaluation, and revision of curriculum and advise current students including those on their dissertation phase/doctoral project of study. 
 
Essential Responsibilities: 
 Provide in-person and on-line teaching in areas identified by the Department Chair.
 Define and pursue scholarly agenda. Stay abreast of, and be a leader in their field through participation in professional organizations and societies. Assist the Program Director in the design, implementation, evaluation, and revision of curriculum. Advise current students including those on their dissertation phase/doctoral project of study. Undertake administrative responsibilities as assigned, including admission selection of prospective students and participation in promotion and maintenance processes of the program. Participate in the governance of the School by serving on School and University committees as appropriate. Provide service to the university, school, and professional community 
 
 Posting Number   21FA0181 
 
 Posting Open Date 
 
 Posting Close Date 
 
 Minimum Education and Experience 
 Applicants must have: (1) a minimum of a PhD degree in Health Informatics/Computer Science/Health Information Management/Biomedical Engineering, or in a closely related field (2) a commitment to teaching at the graduate level, (3) and a record of research or scholarly accomplishments that demonstrate subject matter expertise and knowledge. 
 
Preference will be given to the candidate who demonstrates his/her ability in the areas of Natural Language Processing/Text Mining/Artificial Intelligence/Predictive Analytics applications in healthcare along with exemplary planning and organizational skills as well as good oral and written communication skills; online teaching experience with a Learning Management System (preferable); is a flexible team player who thrives in environments requiring ability to effectively prioritize and manage multiple concurrent projects; and has excellent interpersonal skills. 
 
 Certifications/Licenses 
 
 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 
 Equipment Utilized 
 
 Physical Demands and Work Environment 
 
 Overview 
 
 Statement 
 
 Special Instructions to Applicants 
 
 Quick Link to Posting   https://jobs.rutgers.edu/postings/127311 
 
 Campus   Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences (RBHS) 
 
 Home Location Campus   Piscataway (RBHS) 
 
 Location Details 
 
 Posting Specific Questions 
 Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*). 
 
 Applicant Documents 
 Required Documents 
 Resume/CV 
 Cover Letter/Letter of Application
 List of Professional References (contact Info) 
 Optional Documents Rutgers University 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Faculty jobs in Piscataway, NJ Jobs at Rutgers University in Piscataway, NJ Faculty salaries in Piscataway, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rutgers University Rutgers University 1,264 reviews Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, is a leading national research university and the state of New Jersey’s preeminent, comprehe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
