
 
 
 
 Curriculum Developer - California - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Curriculum Developer DataRobot 7 reviews California Remote Full-time DataRobot 7 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Job Description:
 Job Summary:
 You will play a vital role in shaping DataRobot customers’ journey into machine learning and artificial intelligence. The ideal candidate is comfortable with the creative side of the learning experience for technical audiences. We are looking for someone who can make complex ideas understandable that excites users to learn more.
 If you believe this is you and you can thrive in a fast-paced startup-like environment, read on.
 Responsibilities:
 Create innovative, interactive, and visually compelling learning elements that are easy for the user to consume. This includes product demo videos, interactive course elements, and graphics.
 QA and maintain courses to ensure that they align with the current versions of DataRobot applications. This includes soliciting and prioritizing user feedback.
 Use HTML/CSS/Javascript to improve the overall learning experience in our Learning Management System to enable users to consume courses more easily.
 Work collaboratively with internal teams to ensure consistency and quality of learning offerings.
 Requirements:
 2+ years experience developing courses or media for our key personas (software developers, business analysts, data scientists  ).  This includes creating conceptual content and videos.
 Ability to create applied, practical content that combines clean writing with effective visual and interactive elements to tell the story.
 Strong video/graphical editing skills using Camtasia and Adobe Creative Suite.
 Skill using industry standard content development tools and learning management systems (LMS).
 Skill with HTML/CSS/JavaScript and UX design skills is a strong plus.
 A proactive and open-minded attitude to resolving problems and delivering results.
 Ability to thrive, without much oversight, in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment, yet still meet deadlines and keep a sense of humor.
 DataRobot is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. DataRobot is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Please see the United States Department of Labor’s EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information. DataRobot 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Curriculum Leader jobs in California Jobs at DataRobot in California Curriculum Leader salaries in California Company Info Follow Get job updates from DataRobot DataRobot 7 reviews Data Scientists by day, serious Kaggle competitors by night, the founders of DataRobot observed that many of the tasks involved in buildi... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
