
 
 
 
 Director of Software Engineering - New Product Incubation, Digital - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Software Engineering - New Product Incubation, Digital JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews New York, NY Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description AreaX is JPMorgan's Business Idea Innovation Lab that is tasked with the mission of catalyzing innovation within the Corporate & Investment Bank. We are a team of designers, engineers, products managers and strategists dedicated to creating transformative financial and non-financial digital products that meet our clients' needs. We look for AreaXers who have the curiosity and passion to solve complex problems. If tackling new problems through innovation and engineering practices, building prototypes, learning from failures excites you, we'd love to speak with you.
 As an experienced member (ED) of our Software Engineering team, you will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with product, design, business, engineering stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally. As a leader of organizational, operational and technological change, you'll build partnerships with business groups and technology teams across the firm.
 You'll also help manage a high-performing team technologists from multiple job families who share your passion for technology and innovation. This role will lead a directly aligned organization and partner with Product Owners & Designers to deliver on new prototypes and products. You will be able to deliver high quality results in a rapidly changing environment that requires flexibility and adaptability with razor focus on speed to execute.
 Qualifications 
 
 BS/BA degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
 10+ years full-stack engineering experience
 Experience working in a garage-style/startup environment; comfortable with ambiguity and change in assignments as new products get incubated
 Atleast 3 years managing, coaching, mentoring engineers day to day and from a career growth perspective
 Atleast 2-3 years building digital products, platforms, experiences, proof of concepts and pilots
 Expertise to jump-in when needed on at least one of React, Node.js, Java, Spring Boot
 Experience in distributed systems & building for cloud
 Proficient at technical architecture and design
 Experience working with Product Owners, Product Managers and Designers
 Deep experience in professional software engineering best practices
 Experience in communicating across disciplines and at varying levels of seniority
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must-have
 Experience with AI/ML platforms, libraries & techniques eg. Tensorflow, PyTorch, NLP etc. a bonus
 Team Culture 
 
 Experience in building cross functional partnerships and with an Agile delivery experience
 Ability to build an innovative culture, complex problem solving, navigating a large organization
 Ability to maintain team morale in an environment with short product life spans
 Hire diverse talent
 Develop, retain, coach and mentor high-performance engineers
 Delivery Focus 
 
 Execute multiple projects simultaneously and independently, maintaining a high degree of communication and escalation as needed.
 Solution oriented and can quickly identify the best solution to deliver
 Takes responsibility, self-started, proactive and takes initiative to improve the team, culture, processes and speed of delivery
 Experience working with geographically distributed and culturally diverse work-groups
 Resilient with a strong work-ethic and a can-do attitude
 Leverage the organization to deliver results quickly
 For more information about AreaX and JPM's focus on innovation, see the following links: 
 
 https://www.jpmorgan.com/country/US/en/detail/1320575480406
 https://www.businessinsider.com/jpmorgan-forms-rapid-response-teams-to-spur-innovation-2019-6
 JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in New York, NY Software Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
