
 
 
 
 Senior Videographer - Dallas, TX - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Videographer Children's Health 371 reviews Dallas, TX Full-time Children's Health 371 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Senior Videographer 
 Are you ready to create compelling and engaging videos that align with our mission to make life better for children? 
 The Senior Videographer in Creative Services brings Marketing strategic solutions to life in a way that engages, persuades, and motivates the client’s target all while telling a visual story in film. You’ll do work that effectively animates the strategy within the overall brand guidelines. Present creative work within the context of the strategy, with effective persuasive skills. You will direct/edit and create videos that tell stories about our patients, our providers and team members. You will work alongside our Video Team Leader/Creative Director/Art Directors/Designers/Writers to bring storyboards to life. You’ll build solid working relationships with Account Service partners to make day-to-day operations as painless as possible for all video needs. Meet timelines and stay within stated budgets. 
 Strategy/Idea Generation/Video Development 
 Concept and directs videos/podcasts, social content, web, and all media related content 
 Record and edit video and sound projects, including capturing/importing media, organizing raw media, editing footage and sound files, creating graphics and titles, music/voice-over 
 Manage various projects and adheres to tight deadlines in a fast-paced agency-style environment 
 Knowledge of the tools, workflows and video software 
 Ensure timely, accurate completion of assigned projects 
 Manage the upkeep and storage of all video equipment/assets/media 
 Capture footage/stills at special events and other assignments as needed 
 Manage video library/archival media system with AVID NEXIS Interplay production environment 
 Think conceptually, not just executionally for videos/podcasts 
 Participates in concept development sessions for videos 
 Experience editing with AVID Media Composer NLE / and Adobe Cloud Production Suite/ AE AI PS ME and Premiere 
 Developing and maintaining a clear and consistent brand voice 
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills 
 Self-motivated and organized 
 Video Cameras Experience 
 Experience with Canon Cinema C100 C300 Cameras / Canon R5 SLRs /GoPro 
 Experience with Mavic Drone Operation and Ronin RX Stabilizer System (a big plus) 
 Experience 
 Three years related experience, required. 
 Seven years of previous work experience in internal, employee or corporate, non-profit or agency communications positions and excellent writing skills, required. 
 5-year experience with a production company/Advertising agency or in-house Marketing Video team is preferred. 
 5-year shooting experience, preferred. 
 Video reel experience, preferred. 
 Experience with Canon Cinema C100 C300 Cameras / Canon R5 SLRs /GoPro, preferred. 
 Experience with Mavic Drone Operation and Ronin RX Stabilizer System (a big plus), preferred. 
 Education 
 High school diploma or equivalent required; additional training beyond high school, required. 
 Professional training in videography or video journalism, required. 
 About us 
 Children’s Health values the role each member of our team plays in helping us make life better for children. We employ more than 7,500 people and provide rewarding career opportunities that help them reach their highest potential. 
 We also hold Magnet recognition from the American Nurses Credentialing Center for nursing excellence, we serve as the primary pediatric teaching facility for the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center, and we are widely recognized for delivering high quality care. 
 Children’s Health has also been named one of the 150 Top Places to Work in Healthcare by Becker’s Healthcare for nine consecutive years. 
 We invite you to learn more about Children’s Health. 
 Benefits 
 Children’s Health offers competitive pay, a comprehensive benefits program and opportunities for learning and career development. We promote a diverse and inclusive workplace, and our team members have a voice in their work through surveys and town halls. 
 Requirements: 
 Job Family Professional & Management
 
 Expertise Non-Clinical - General
 
 Job Type Full Time
 
 Location Dallas, Texas Children's Health 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Videographer jobs in Dallas, TX Jobs at Children's Health in Dallas, TX Videographer salaries in Dallas, TX Company Info Follow Get job updates from Children's Health Children's Health 371 reviews For 100 years, the mission of Children’s Health℠ has been to make life better for children. Our beginnings in 1913 were humble, but our v... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
