
 
 
 
 Product Manager, Android App Safety Intelligence Platforms - Mountain View, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Product Manager, Android App Safety Intelligence Platforms Google 3,932 reviews Mountain View, CA Full-time Google 3,932 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience 
 8 years of product management experience
 5 years of building scalable platforms in a technology or security company
 Experience in security and/or trust and safety 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in machine learning and AI systems and its applications
 Experience building and leading teams of technology professionals
 Familiarity with app development and the Android ecosystem
 Demonstrated aptitude and excitement for driving impact, creatively solving complex workflow management systems
 About the job 
At Google, we put our users first. The world is always changing so we need Product Managers who are continuously adapting and excited to work on products that affect millions of people every day.
 
 
In this role, you will work cross-functionally to guide products from conception to launch by connecting the technical and business worlds. You can break down complex problems into steps that drive product development at Google speed.
 
 
One of the many reasons Google consistently brings innovative, world-changing products to market is because of the collaborative work we do in Product Management. Our team works closely with creative and prolific engineers, designers, marketers, etc. to help design and develop technologies that improve access to the world's information. We're responsible for guiding products throughout the execution cycle, focusing specifically on analyzing, positioning, packaging, promoting, and tailoring our solutions to our users. 
 
The App Safety Intelligence Platform team uses a range of machine learning classifiers to identify harmful code, content, and behavior within mobile apps (including third party libraries). In this role, you will have the overall responsibility of guiding the product direction, metrics and performance of the overall metric, reducing and removing harmful apps on Google Play. As threat vectors are constantly evolving and harmful actors continually try to evade detection, the teams employ holistic detection, review, and enforcement strategies across the various app categories. 
Google aims to build products that organize the world's information and make it universally accessible to our users. As a Product Manager at Google, you could be working on new technologies, platforms, consumer facing products, and/or enterprise systems. The end goal will be to match you with the team that best aligns with your interests, experience, and where you will have the most impact. 
Responsibilities 
 Understand and extend (in partnership with the Engineering counterpart) our trust and safety strategy within the Android App Safety organization. 
 Identify key levers, dependencies, and risks for the business and proactively address them to deliver business results. Define strategies and business goals for preventing, detecting, and reducing harmful apps on Google Play. 
 Develop strong rapport and working relationships with the Business Development, Engineering, Policy, Operations, and Incident Response teams who build and deliver the products and experiences you will design. 
 Understand and improve our multi-year plan for executing a step change in real and perceived trust and safety for Google Play and Android users. 
 Ensure internal and external inquiries and escalations regarding Google Play/Android Trust and Safety are solved quickly and correctly. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form. Google 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Product Manager jobs in Mountain View, CA Jobs at Google in Mountain View, CA Product Manager salaries in Mountain View, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Google Google 3,932 reviews Google’s mission is to organize the world‘s information and make it universally accessible and useful. 

In 1998, we started with two c... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
