
 
 
 
 Senior Trader, Director - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Trader, Director Union Bank 1,278 reviews San Diego, CA Union Bank 1,278 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Discover your opportunity with Union Bank® and become a part of one of the world’s leading financial groups. Union Bank is a member of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world with total assets of over $2.4 trillion (as ranked by SNL Financial, April 2016) and 140,000 colleagues in nearly 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. At Union Bank, we aim to be the premier and most-trusted West Coast bank, serving customers with high-touch, local delivery and global capabilities as we leverage our rich, 150-year history. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by competitive Total Rewards, including our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group. 
 Some MUFG roles require that individuals be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, subject to medical and/or religious exemptions, if applicable. Should you be selected for an interview, your recruiter will provide additional information. 
 Job Summary: 
 The candidate will report directly to Capital Markets Head in support and development of overall trading desk strategies, trade execution and requisite risk analytics, monitoring and reporting. Specific scope of responsibilities will include position risk management for Pipeline/Warehouse interest rate risk, execution of MBS TBA trading/MBS TBA option trading activities, jumbo whole loan purchase/sale trading and development/automation of GSE best execution strategies. The incumbent will lead the Capital Markets trading team in the development of optimal whole loan trading, automated best execution and review of Union Bank transition from GSE whole loan best execution to MBS securitization. The incumbent will leverage existing trading technology, trading personnel, trading instruments, loan boarding/delivery and systems and processes to support a dynamic co-issue, mandatory bulk bid and mandatory/best efforts flow origination bid business model with a concurrent transfer of servicing, sale/securitization to GSE investors. The current QRM Mortgage Bank platform will be leveraged with recommendation to expand to the complementary QRM Enterprise Risk/Balance Sheet Management platform to further leverage the model risk management, bulk bid functionality and overall risk measurement and valuation. Additional responsibilities include the calibration of model assumptions, expansion of investor relationships, development of organic hedging strategies and portfolio retention initiatives. 
 
 Job Responsibilities: 
 25%  Trading -Responsible for interest rate risk management of designated Pipeline/Warehouse position risk exposure, analysis of forward sale of MBS TBA trading, execution of MBS TBA dollar roll trading and development of enhanced option-based trading strategies to mitigate fallout risk, spread risk and overall MSR, Pipeline/Warehouse convexity exposure. Additional trading responsibilities include back-up to MSR Portfolio Manager in the execution of Interest Rate Derivatives-IR Swap, IR Swaptions and MBS TBA trades. 
 25%  Best Execution -Responsible for analysis, recommendation and development of optimal GSE best execution pricing, trading and delivery strategies. GSE best execution strategy will support pending transition from GSE whole loan trading to MBS securitization, to include automation and development of expanded AI capabilities. Additional responsibilities will include analysis, recommendation and development of enhanced jumbo whole loan sale analysis vs Private Label Securitization. Expanded best execution strategies will include analysis and development of optimal business model hedge strategy, enhanced analysis of HFI/MSR portfolio and recommendation of Marketing and portfolio retention strategies. 
 20%  Model Development -Coordination and development of model risk control and governance framework in alignment with MUFG Model Risk Management Policy, OCC Supervisory Guidance on Model Risk Management (OCC 2011-12) and FRB Guidance on Model Risk Management (SR 11-7). Review and analysis of existing third party approved vendors-Mountain View/MIAC, current AMRM approved model valuation practices and recommendation of transition from external asset valuation to internal asset valuation process, corresponding transition to enhanced OAS framework and review and recommendation of future state implementation of QRM ERM/BSM module. 
 10%  Performance Monitoring and Effectiveness -In accordance with AMRM model risk management, the development of a robust outcome analysis and comparison, related benchmarking analysis and sensitivity and scenario testing environment. The development of back-testing and stress-testing of the HFS rate lock exposure and MSR prepayment model versus actual pull-thru and portfolio prepayments and the integration of a dynamic market rate, yield curve and market volatility impact on related models. 
 10%  Risk Analytics and Risk Reporting -Development and implementation of a dynamic risk measurement and reporting package to support Capital Markets Head in the overall Pipeline/Warehouse and MSR risk management and reporting activities. The review and recommendation of optimal hardware, software and data reporting and configuration requirements to supplement the existing QRM MB, potential expansion to QRM BSM/ERM. 
 10%  Policies, Procedures and Risk Control Environment -Review, recommendation and documentation of all related policies and procedures in accordance with AMRM and overall MUFG risk control framework. The risk control and operating model framework will operate under established trading guidelines as defined under Volcker 2.0, model risk management under the Americas Model Risk Management, pricing risk under the Balance Sheet Returns Committee, counterparty risk under standard credit and counterparty risk management. 
 Qualifications 
Qualifications 
 20 + years of experience in Consumer Finance, Investment Banking and Mortgage Banking 
 15-20 years of experience in Capital Markets, Mortgage-Backed Securities Market, Secondary Marketing 
 12-15 years trading experience in MBS TBA, Interest Rate Derivatives and best execution trading 
 12-15 years GSE best execution experience, pool purchase contract and overall contract negotiations 
 Knowledge of BKFS Mortgage Servicing Platform (MSP), Empower and QRM ALM, ERM/BSM, MB systems
 Knowledge of Third Party, Vendor Management and Model Risk Management practices 
 Knowledge and experience with HFS/MSR accounting, hedging and tax/accounting benefits 
 The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified. 
 
 
 We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category. 
 
 
 A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses. MUFG 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Trader jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Union Bank in San Diego, CA Senior Trader salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Union Bank Union Bank 1,278 reviews Part of MUFG.

Union Bank is also part of MUFG (Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group), one of the world's leading financial groups. MUFG is t... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
