
 
 
 
 AI/ML - Annotation Analyst, Chilean Spanish Language - San Diego, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI/ML - Annotation Analyst, Chilean Spanish Language Apple 10,187 reviews San Diego, CA Apple 10,187 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Summary 
Posted:  Apr 30, 2021 
Weekly Hours:  40 
 Role Number: 200233728 
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder thatʼs revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
Are you interested in being part of a team that continues to innovate the way people and machines interact? The launch of Siri was a defining moment in the history of Artificial Intelligence. Siri offers a faster, easier way to get things done on your Apple devices, even before you ask. Millions of people now use Siri to send messages, play their favorite song or even take a selfie. The AI/ML team is passionate about technology with a focus on enriching the customer experience. We are looking for a motivated Annotation Analyst that demonstrates active listening, integrity, acute attention to detail, and is passionate about impacting our customer's experience.
Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.
This position will be based out of the corporate campus in San Diego, CA. 
Key Qualifications 
Fluency in the Chilean Spanish language with excellent comprehension, grammar and proofreading skills 
Excellent English reading comprehension and writing skills 
Highly organized with strong attention to detail 
Excellent active listening skills with the ability to understand verbal nuances 
Understanding of the regions and cultural variations where Chilean Spanish is spoken 
Demonstrates attention to detail and critical thinking skills in evaluation of Siri’s language usage and dialect 
Ability to independently navigate systems and tools 
Demonstrates integrity and focuses on customer privacy 
Experience in content review or a similar environment, prior testing experience preferred 
Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability to changing work-flows and responsibilities 
Grows with a team where expertise is shared and feedback is welcomed 
Excels at working independently to make timely decisions and take appropriate actions 
Experience as an end user of Siri, similar Intelligent Personal Assistants, or other AI 
Successfully meets or exceeds targets, working within tight deadlines 
Ability to identify business process solutions that increase efficiencies 
Ability to maintain focus and aim for high results through large volumes of tasks 
Description 
Our team is comprised of very talented individuals, who are passionate about AI/ML and ensuring Apple services are at their best.
As part of the Annotation Team you'll play a central role in enhancing the user experience. We work in a fast paced, dynamic, technology focused environment. As an Annotation Analyst, you'll listen and transcribe audio files and evaluate Siri’s response and language usage, from customers who have opted in to the grading program. You'll use your language and cultural knowledge, along with analytical skills, to evaluate responses against guidelines. Your flexibility and the ability to prioritize tasks is essential. We focus on the user experience, thinking creatively on how customers use Siri and use this knowledge for improvements.
Because we believe our individual backgrounds, perspectives, and passions help us build the ideas that move all of us forward. We'll train you to be an expert in understanding, supporting and improving the customer experience. This position comes with competitive pay, great benefits, eligibility to participate in our company stock plan, time off, and employee discount.
We are seeking applicants with fluency in the Chilean Spanish language. 
Education & Experience 
Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience preferred 
Additional Requirements 
Ability to work Monday- Friday from 9:00am-6:00pm local time; with scheduling and work flexibility based on business needs 
Positions with language skills require strong grammar and cultural awareness 
Successful completion of a pre-employment assessment and background check 
Successful completion of initial training and certification testing Apple 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Analyst jobs in San Diego, CA Jobs at Apple in San Diego, CA Analyst salaries in San Diego, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Apple Apple 10,187 reviews This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
