
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence Engineer - Rancho Park, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Artificial Intelligence Engineer MSBAI Rancho Park, CA $80,000 - $150,000 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $80,000 - $150,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We've reached a zero to one moment when all engineers will begin to use simulation to inform their day to day work, and it will no longer just be a small number of specialists running these codes. MSBAI develops a 'Universal Interface for Simulation' called GURU — a cognitive AI assistant that enables untrained users to run specialized simulation software, and harness the latest compute. Join the team that is changing the future of how vehicles and power generation systems will be designed, missions will be planned, and threats will be defended against. 
MUST BE A US PERSON  (i.e., citizen or greencard/permanent resident). Experience working with DoD is desirable. 
http://msb.ai 
Artificial Intelligence engineer: 
 Experience in Symbolic Artificial Intelligence 
 Familiarity and experience in neural-symbolic architectures / hybrid intelligence highly desirable 
 Familiarity and experience in program synthesis highly desirable 
 Experience in AutoML, with broad range of ML models (probabilistic, gradient boosting, DL, …) 
 Familiarity with Reinforcement Learning 
 Experience building/adapting/training language models, e.g. GPT [2, 3, Neo, J], BERT, etc. 
 Experience with time series / artificial intelligence techniques for transient behavior / time dependence, memory, and attention 
 Relational, object, and graph database architectures 
 Authenticated data access services 
 Coordination of data model and service versioning 
 Requirements 
Must-have qualifications 
Are you a US citizen or permanent resident/green card holder? 
Preferred qualifications 
 How many years of Engineering experience do you currently have? 
 Do you have experience in Reinforcement Learning? 
 Do you have experience in Symbolic Artificial Intelligence and neural-symbolic architectures / hybrid intelligence? 
 Do you have experience in time series / artificial intelligence techniques for transient behavior / time dependence, memory, and attention? 
 Benefits 
 Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision) 
 Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays) 
 Work From Home 
 Stock Option Plan MSBAI 30 days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Rancho Park, CA Jobs at MSBAI in Rancho Park, CA Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Rancho Park, CA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
