
 
 
 
 Fund Accountant (Permanent) - San Francisco, CA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Fund Accountant (Permanent) BNP Paribas 3,858 reviews San Francisco, CA Full-time BNP Paribas 3,858 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT (JOB NUMBER: COR001929) 
 About BNP Paribas: 
 
 BNP Paribas is a leading bank in Europe with an international reach across the US, EMEA and APAC. It has a presence in 68 countries, with more than 193,000 employees. The Bank offers a comprehensive range of banking, investment and financial services solutions through two core businesses: Corporate & Institutional Banking and Retail Banking and Services (comprised of Domestic Markets and International Financial Services). 
 
 In the United States, BNP Paribas has built a strong and diversified presence to support its client base. The bank employs nearly 14,000 people and has had a presence in the country since the late 1800s in major cities including New York, Chicago and San Francisco. 
 BNP Paribas’ Corporate & Institutional Banking services corporate clients and institutional investors offering tailored solutions in financing, cash management, and advisory services to companies via Corporate Banking, in capital markets via Global Markets, and in securities custody and administration via Securities Services. 
 BNP Paribas Asset Management is the asset management arm of BNP Paribas, one of the world’s foremost financial institutions, and offers high value-added solutions to individual savers, companies, and institutional investors. 
 
 Bank of the West, our retail banking and services affiliate, serves more than 2 million individuals and small- and medium-sized businesses through a network of around 500 branches and business centers across the U.S. 
 We take pride in our expertise and our ability to adapt while constantly looking ahead to create a more sustainable world. 
 
 BNP Paribas The Bank for a Changing World. 
 
 www.cib.bnpparibas.com 
 Business Overview: 
 
 The Change & Solutions Americas organization works closely with BNPP’s executive management and senior leadership to design and implement high-level, strategically important projects, and shape the development of the Bank in the region (US, Canada, and Latin America). The team delivers value across the CIB Americas and Bank of the West platforms through an integrated and agile approach with deep international interconnectivity across departments, and a strong focus on servicing internal clients. 
 
 Change & Solutions Americas delivers change-the-bank initiatives including strategic planning, business development, operating model transformation, process reengineering, and advanced analytics (i.e., Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning). These initiatives cover the full change management value chain from strategy to implementation. 
 
 The organization provides its employees with the high-intensity, high-impact training of top-tier consulting firms combined with access to the resources of a premier global investment bank. Our staffing model provides significant independence, international exposure, and opportunity for innovation, allowing you to develop both technical and soft skills. You will be afforded significant autonomy at an early stage and will have the opportunity to work on critical projects directly with senior and executive management. Your work will play a significant role in influencing the future of the Bank. 
 
 The team is highly collaborative internally and with clients across the Bank. Engagements can span multiple business lines, functions, and/or regions within various BNP Paribas entities enabling employees to build a strong network upon which to build their career. 
 
 Candidate Success Factors: 
 
 Candidates will be measured on the following four performance drivers which will dictate how individual impact is considered on the Americas platform: 
 Results and Impact 
 Leadership and Collaboration 
 Client, Customer and Stakeholder Focus 
 Compliance Culture and Conduct 
 
 Responsibilities:
 Develop creative approaches to problem solving 
 Mentor and develop junior colleagues 
 Develop and maintain strong client relationships 
 Prepare and participate in presentations and interviews 
 Perform market research and data analysis
 Provide core Project Management support 
 Minimum Required Qualifications 
 Undergraduate degree
 5+ years of experience (or 3+ with an MBA) in consulting, strategy / corporate development, banking, finance and proven desire to work in the financial industry
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Education and Work:
 MBA (or equivalent Master’s degree) preferred 
 International experience preferred 
 
 FINRA Registrations Required:
 NA 
 
 CFTC Swap Dealer Associated Person (if yes, NFA Swaps Proficiency Program is required): NA 
 
 SEC Security-Based Swap Dealer Associated Person: NA 
 
 BNP Paribas is committed to providing a work environment that fosters diversity, inclusion, and equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, gender, age, creed, sex, religion, national origin, disability (physical or mental), marital status, citizenship, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, or any other legally protected status. 
 
Primary Location :  US-CA-San Francisco 
Job Type :  Standard / Permanent 
Job :  MISCELLANEOUS 
Education Level :  Bachelor Degree or equivalent (>= 3 years) 
Experience Level :  At least 5 years 
Schedule :  Full-time BNP Paribas 2 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Fund Accountant jobs in San Francisco, CA Jobs at BNP Paribas in San Francisco, CA Fund Accountant salaries in San Francisco, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from BNP Paribas BNP Paribas 3,858 reviews BNP Paribas is one of the best rated banks in the world. The Group has a presence in more than 75 countries and more than 189,000 employe... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
