
 
 
 
 Full Stack Engineer (Mid-Level) - Manassas, VA 20110 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Full Stack Engineer (Mid-Level) LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews Manassas, VA 20110 LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company At Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. Lockheed Martin C6ISR in Manassas, VA is looking for a highly motivated Manager for the Squidworks Research Labs (SQWRL) engineering team where we integrate software, hardware, and data science to develop advanced solutions that enable our customers to rapidly field new capabilities and combat the latest threats of today. 
 
Technical responsibilities may include: 
 Developing solutions with Python or JavaScript/TypeScript as well as with Go, Java, or C++ Developing solutions using containers and or virtual machines to achieve desired performance outcomes Technical engagements and presentations with internal leadership and external customers Technical leadership and coordination across all aspects of the SQWRL program portfolio Proactively tear down any technical barriers, real or perceived 
This position is pending funding. 
 Basic Qualifications: 
Demonstrated systems engineering and integration/test experience developing complex technical solutions for large scale projects 
 
Experience with Python or JavaScript/TypeScript 
 
Experience with Go, Java and C++ 
 
Knowledge of Git 
 
Experience with Containers/Virtual Machines 
 
Ability to effectively communicate across a broad and diverse group of management, team members and leadership 
 
Ability to obtain department of Defense secret or higher security clearance 
 
Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 5 years of professional experience; or 3 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. Considered career, or journey, level. 
 Desired Skills: 
Experience with Web development: Angular, React, nodeJs, and other related toolchains 
 
AI/ML experience 
 
Integration of large scale systems 
 
REST 
 
Microservice/Lambda architectures 
 BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
job.Qualifications 
 
 Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. 
 
As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. 
 EXPERIENCE LEVEL: 
Experienced Professional Lockheed Martin Corporation Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Full Stack Developer jobs in Manassas, VA Jobs at LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION in Manassas, VA Full Stack Developer salaries in Manassas, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION LOCKHEED MARTIN CORPORATION 8,676 reviews The F-35, PAC-3, and the GOES weather satellite...

What do all of these technologies have in common, you might ask?

Talented people... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
