
 
 
 
 Data Scientist, Data Science - Birmingham, MI 48009 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist, Data Science Starcom 203 reviews Birmingham, MI 48009 Full-time Starcom 203 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Company Description 
About Collective: 
Publicis Collective is a Metro Detroit Agency servicing Stellantis (formerly Fiat Chrysler Automobiles). 
We live at the intersection of technology, digital, creative, CRM, analytics and media. We are driven by a common purpose, a powerful spirit, shared behaviors, and a relentless focus on our people. We are constantly challenging the status quo and redefining what’s possible for our clients. 
We combine auto industry expertise, top-tier talent and unique, scalable solutions to deliver more valuable customer experiences and tangible business results. 
We are driven by our values to Be Better, Be Curious, Be Open & Be Bold. 
 
 Job Description 
TRUST 
Trust is the cornerstone upon which we build our relationships. We hold ourselves to the highest standards of how a partner should behave. 
We treat our people and our clients with respect, transparency and honesty. 
TALENT 
This is first and foremost a people business. We are committed to ensuring Publicis Media a destination for the best talent in our industry. We value people as individuals, growing ourselves as we grow our client’s business. 
TRANSFORMATION 
True transformation comes when we stop managing change, and instead initiate change. We believe in our purpose to be the admired force for business transformation. We believe that focusing on performance and results has the power to transform client business. 
Job Description 
Our Data Science practice develops industry-leading analytical solutions for clients across industries, channels and business functions. We apply a bespoke and cutting-edge arsenal of statistical, analytical and computing techniques to complex data problems at scale, with an emphasis on game-changing—and measureable—business impact. We work in close collaboration with colleagues across all agency disciplines to develop truly innovative, highly effective, data-powered solutions for our clients. 
 
To help with this, we’re looking for an outstanding Data Scientist   – an intellectually curious and creative problem solver who is willing to tackle the familiar and unfamiliar of all things data, including methods, technologies and applications. Sound like you? Read on. 
What you’ll do: 
Our Data Scientists deliver analytic solutions across a wide variety of client applications. We build inferential and predictive models, including machine learning algorithms and AI; we process, integrate and manipulate big data with distributed systems and customer data pipelines; we synthesize results and translate findings into compelling stories that resonate with clients. 
 
As a Data Scientist ,  you’ll address complex marketing and business challenges—from cross-channel media and customer experience optimization to segmentation, targeting and business strategy—by accessing, integrating, manipulating, mining and modeling a wide array of data sources. 
Day-to-day, your role includes: 
Translating marketing and business questions into data queries. 
Using distributed computing systems to access and manipulate big data sources. 
Conducting exploratory analysis to identify relevant insights and useful transformations. 
Applying quantitative techniques to uncover latent patterns in the data. 
Interpreting data, analytical results and visuals to generate conclusions and recommendations. 
Testing scalable data pipelines or models for real-time applications. 
Ensuring that analytic tasks and results meet established objectives and timelines. 
Sharing knowledge and conducting research to advance the collective knowledge and skills of our Data Science practice. 
 
 Qualifications 
 We’re looking for relevant academic, research or work experience, which typically includes: 
A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, econometrics, operations research, data science, computer science, engineering, marketing or social science methods. 
Hands-on experience analyzing data for patterns and insights. 
Hands-on experience running basic statistical or machine learning procedures, such as descriptive statistics, hypothesis testing, supervised or unsupervised learning. 
Hands-on experience with Python or R. Familiarity with SQL, Linux, and/or distributed computing systems such as Hadoop or AWS preferred. 
Demonstrated interest in marketing analytic applications. 
Demonstrated self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment with flat structure. 
Got what it takes? We’d love to hear from you. 
Additional Information 
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. starcom Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Birmingham, MI Jobs at Starcom in Birmingham, MI Data Scientist salaries in Birmingham, MI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Starcom 203 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
