
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - New York, NY 10118 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist OnPoint 732 reviews New York, NY 10118 $100,000 - $160,000 a year  -   Full-time OnPoint 732 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $100,000 - $160,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 OnPoint Digital Solutions (OnPoint), a Koch Engineered Solutions company, is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our Data Science and Advanced Analytics team. OnPoint combines domain knowledge with digital technology to provide industrial AI solutions for our customers for increased operation visibility, reliability, and production. OnPoint Digital Solutions is a strategic partner of Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company and Koch's preferred cloud provider. Together they have been collaborating to co-develop an intelligent process optimization platform (IPOP). The platform – designed to enable OnPoint's solutions – will utilize cloud and edge digital infrastructure to provide advanced machine learning and industrial computing capabilities for OnPoint's connected ecosystem, enabling industrial operators and their preferred partners to integrate and act upon the best available knowledge anywhere, anytime, at scale 
The Senior Data Scientist will work with a dynamic team of developers, data engineers and architects, and will be responsible for delivering AI solutions to solve problems in large industrial domain and expand the capability of our analytics platform to deploy the developed solutions at scale. The successful candidate will need to be a fast learner, capable of quickly ingesting and leveraging new concepts in both data science and industrial domain knowledge 
 What You Will Do In Your Role 
Work with a cross functional team to obtain and prepare necessary data to build and deploy analytics solutions leveraging the OnPoint AI Infrastructure 
Research, design, and develop machine learning algorithms to solve industrial challenges 
Work with subject matter experts to build analytics solutions with a combination of first principles and machine learning algorithms 
Collaborate with our advanced analytics process engineering teams as the expert in applied data science and machine learning techniques 
Use industry technologies, tools, and data mining frameworks for data analytics including data visualization for analyzing, optimizing, developing hypotheses, and drawing conclusions 
Follow development best practices to develop solutions 
Present ideas and developed algorithms/models clearly to teammates and stakeholders 
Review the latest research papers or articles and implement them to perform experiments 
Frequently communicate progress updates and accomplishments in a clear and effective manner 
Focus on driving business value creation through solution development and deployment 
 The Experience You Will Bring 
Requirements: 
Bachelor’s degree in STEM major 
Strong knowledge and commercial implementation experience on supervised learning techniques for regression, classification problems and unsupervised learning technique for clustering and abnormally detection problems 
Full-time experience building models from ground up using python on a daily basis and packages like sklearn, pandas, xgboost, TensorFlow and keras, as well as Jupyter notebook 
4+ years of full-time experience building and deploying scalable AI models using state of the art learning algorithms 
4+ years of full-time professional experience analyzing data sets and applying machine learning to assist decision making and solve problems in a commercial environment within a data science team building and deploying models 
Experience working with web services like AWS, Azure or Google cloud for data science applications like Sagemaker, S3, EC2, etc. 
 What Will Put You Ahead 
Engineering knowledge in a specific heavy industrial domain 
Full-time experience with Source control 
Experience developing and deploying analytics models/solutions to production and maintain models in a commercial setup 
MS or PhD specifically in Statistics, or engineering major 
 
 
 
 
Our goal is for each employee, and their families, to live fulfilling and healthy lives. We provide essential resources and support to build and maintain physical, financial, and emotional strength - focusing on overall wellbeing so you can focus on what matters most. Our benefits plan includes - medical, dental, vision, flexible spending and health savings accounts, life insurance, ADD, disability, retirement, paid vacation/time off, educational assistance, and may also include infertility assistance, paid parental leave and adoption assistance. Specific eligibility criteria is set by the applicable Summary Plan Description, policy or guideline and benefits may vary by geographic region. If you have questions on what benefits apply to you, please speak to your recruiter. 
 
 
At Koch companies, we are entrepreneurs. This means we openly challenge the status quo, find new ways to create value and get rewarded for our individual contributions. Any compensation range provided for a role is an estimate determined by available market data. The actual amount may be higher or lower than the range provided considering each candidate’s knowledge, skills, abilities, and geographic location. If you have questions, please speak to your recruiter about the flexibility and detail of our compensation philosophy. 
 
For this role, we anticipate paying $100,000.00 - $160,000 per year. This role is eligible for variable pay, issued as a monetary bonus or in another form. Commission is eligible. 
 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer.
 
Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.
 
This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf 
#LI-KG1 Koch 5 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in New York, NY Jobs at OnPoint in New York, NY Senior Data Scientist salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from OnPoint OnPoint 732 reviews Our life’s work is to help people improve their lives by making and innovating products and services our customers value. Our focus is on... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
