
 
 
 
 IT Help Desk Analyst - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search IT Help Desk Analyst Noraye LLC Remote Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Noraye LLC is an IT consulting company specializing in Digital Transformation and Automation, leveraging emerging technologies such as Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to relieve human resources of mundane, low-value work that prevents them from operating at their fullest potential. 
We are looking an IT Help Desk Analyst to join our remote team and serve as a support 
This position is full-time job, that can be done Anywhere in the World and has a consistent schedule that requires to work during business hours from 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM EST. Applicants should be able to work during EST. 
Job Duties and Responsibilities: 
Provide remote technical assistance and support for incoming questions, issues and concerns related to computer systems, softwares, and enterprise company tools. 
Administrate IT Tickets properly and respond on time, providing a guidance and solutions to each tickets submitted by employees. 
Being able to prioritize effectively in support of critical application systems / tools. 
Set up systems and tools for new employees (e.g.User setup, password resets, account email, systems access, etc.). 
Create, maintain and update IT Reports of all records, Helpdesk Tickets. 
Follow effectively and timely IT workflows, supporting and responding User needs. 
Maintain and update active directory logins for employees. 
Troubleshoot and correct problems by remote access or assisting the user. 
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
Degree in Computer Science or technical field. 
At least 3 years of experience in Helpdesk support, IT Analyst or any related role. 
1 year of experience working with Microsoft Active Directory. 
1 years of experience working with Linux and Windows environments. 
Hands on experience working. with Public Cloud such as Microsoft Azure. (At least 1 year of experience) 
Hands on experience working with Server Virtualization Platforms (VMware/Hyper-V/Xen/Citrix). (At least 1 year of experience) 
Experience and familiar with tracking / management system tools, such as Asana, Todoist, Trello. 
Experience working in a remote environment with the ability to work independently and part of a team. 
Ability to learn quickly and retain knowledge 
Ability to work quickly and efficiently to resolve issues 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, Advanced English Level is a must, 
Possess the accountability and personal responsibility to own and drive results 
 0Jeg1NtHGf Noraye LLC 18 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Help Desk Analyst jobs in Remote Jobs at Noraye in Remote Help Desk Analyst salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from Noraye LLC Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
