
 
 
 
 Data Scientist - Portland, OR - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Data Scientist Portland General Electric 117 reviews Portland, OR Full-time Portland General Electric 117 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description This is an exciting time to join Portland General Electric. As Oregon’s largest electric utility, Portland General Electric is leading an energy transformation that will harness the power of clean and renewable resources. Our vision for a clean energy future relies on three interrelated and overarching strategies: de-carbonize through investing in clean and reliable energy; modernize through a smarter more resilient grid; and empower our customers in their energy technology choices.
 We’re searching for innovative, customer and results-obsessed leaders to help power our mission and lead the way in championing the world’s clean energy future!
 Data Scientist
 The Data Strategy & Management (DSM) bears critical responsibility on behalf of Portland General Electric (PGE) to create value for customers, regulators, and business operations through the collection, organization, and interpretation of data from PGE’s expansive data portfolio. The mission of our team is to enable data driven decisions across the company and external stakeholders by ensuring secure, reliable and cataloged data access from our data lake and delivering insights utilizing advanced AI/ML approaches to support achieving PGE’s goal to provide energy that is safe, clean, reliable, affordable and secure.
 We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our team and drive our mission together. This individual will collaborate with the business partners to answer their business questions by using advanced data analysis techniques. They will work closely with the Information Architect, Data Architect, Data Engineer, and Business SME’s to design and develop ML solutions to cater business values and end-user experience. Through their work, they will lay foundation of best practices and framework that other scientists can follow. 
 
The ideal candidate is proficient at manipulating and analyzing large datasets over multiple domains, and skilled at using various machine learning and statistical techniques to create solutions realizing clear business values. They must also be experienced at productionizing ML solutions. They must be comfortable at designing programmatic solutions from ambiguity, and able to convey their idea clearly to stakeholders. They should be great communicators and presenters even to high-level executives. Last but not the least, they should share the same passion to make the world a great place to live by providing clean and reliable energy to people.
 Career Level Summary
 Requires expanded professional-level knowledge and experience in own area; incumbents continue to acquire higher-level knowledge and skills. Expands on high-level knowledge of the company, processes, and customers. Solves a range of more complex problems. Analyses possible solutions using advanced knowledge and applying protocols. Operates independently and receives only a moderate level of guidance and direction.
 Key Responsibilities
 Data Collection - Participates/assists in identifying what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources; supports data collection, integration and retention requirements based on the input received; ensures information used follows PGE compliance, access management and control policies and meets PGE qualification and assurance requirements.
 Collaborate with Stakeholders - Works with business stakeholders to identify the business requirements and expected outcomes. With business stakeholder support, models and frames meaningful and impactful business scenarios for critical business processes and/or decisions.
 Analyze Data - Develops data and analytics products to improve how business is conducted and increases throughput through operational efficiencies. Employs appropriate algorithms to discover patterns; uses statistical and data mining packages and dedicated frameworks. Share’s data quality findings with data stewards and partners with data stewards on data quality definition and standards; includes experimental design approaches to validate findings by comparing appropriate samples. Develops approaches for validation.
 Educates - Educates the Data Strategy & Operations Management organization on new approaches, such as testing hypotheses and statistical validation of results. Follows best practices and guidelines for data science initiatives. Tracks metrics for measuring the value of data science initiatives.
 Education / Experience / Certifications
 Requires a MSc or PhD in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field, such as physics, economics, or operations research.
 Typically, three or more years in data science or related field; prototyping and implementation experience preferred.
 Intermediate programming skills, including experience with Hadoop MapReduce or other big data frameworks, Java, Python, statistical modeling, SQL and text mining or machine learning. Knowledge of cloud AWS/GCP/Azure and automation framework preferred.
 #LI-CU1
 Join us today and power your potential! 
 
To be considered for this position, please complete the following employment application by the posting close date. A cover letter may be needed with your application to be considered for this position.
 PGE believes in rewarding strong performance. We provide a total compensation package that is designed to reward your contributions to the company, and, at the same time, support your well-being and professional development, both now and into the future.
 PGE is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. PGE will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment based on race, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law.
 Assisting with storms or other Company emergencies is a part of all positions at Portland General Electric.
 
Talent Acquisition Contact:
 
Staffing@pgn.com
 The posting closes at midnight (Pacific Time) on the closing date below: Portland General Electric 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Data Scientist jobs in Portland, OR Jobs at Portland General Electric in Portland, OR Data Scientist salaries in Portland, OR Company Info Follow Get job updates from Portland General Electric Portland General Electric 117 reviews Portland General Electric (NYSE: POR) is a publicly traded Fortune 1000 company and fully integrated energy utility based in Portland, Or... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
