
 
 
 
 Security Reseacher (Remote) - Washington, DC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Security Reseacher (Remote) Rebellion Defense Washington, DC Remote Our Rebellion: 
 
Rebellion Defense builds mission-focused AI products for the defense and security of the United States, the United Kingdom, and our allies. We are a well capitalized, venture-backed technology company that creates software which transforms data into decision advantage. 
 
Our people are passionate about creating a company where technologists empower our military and civil servants to solve some of the hardest problems in government. Rebellion Defense is driven by our mission — but a set of core values binds us together: we hire by them, operate through them, and uphold them in every decision we make for ourselves and for our customers. 
Your Rebel Team: 
 
Engineering: 
 
The engineering team is focused on building powerful, automated products that apply artificial intelligence to analyze, secure, and transfer national security data to deliver decision advantage to our customers. Rebellion products are built to transform three critical national security challenges: How can the DoD/MoD better analyze the vast streams of data, better secure critical systems, and better share information across disparate systems to accelerate awareness and decision-making? 
 
This role reports to our Engineering Manager 
 
How you'll make a difference in this role: 
 
We are looking to hire a Security Researcher who will create adversarial security testing capabilities as part of amazing solutions for the US Department of Defense and global allies. This Security Researcher role is part of the team developing our Secure product - providing critical cybersecurity capabilities to protect our military network infrastructure from attacks. 
 
The Security Researcher will research the activities of real-world adversaries in the cyber domain and develop capabilities and content that mirror them, in order to validate the security controls of our customers. 
 
What your mission is: 
 
 Research the latest tactics, techniques, and procedures of adversaries within the cyber domain 
 Develop adversarial playbooks and exploits to test the defenses of our customers 
 Collaborate with software development teams to develop world-class adversarial security testing capabilities 
 Help protect the United States and its allies from sophisticated threats 
 Work with the latest tools, on well-resourced teams, on the leading edge of security research, in defense of national security 
 You may be fit for this role if you: 
 
 Have worked on a Security Research team, on a Red Team, in Offensive Security, in Adversary Emulation, in Cyber Threat Intelligence, as an Exploit Developer, as a Vulnerability Researcher, or Capabilities Developer. 
 Are compelled to learn and understand systems and programs on a deeper level. You're not satisfied by simply running tools. You're obsessed with knowing how things work "under-the-hood". 
 Are proficient in two or more modern programming languages, especially Python. 
 Are comfortable conducting code reviews in various programming languages. 
 Enjoy working as part of a cross-functional team. 
 Are capable of rapidly learning new technologies in unfamiliar environments. 
 
 The Nature of our Work: 
 
We are driving fast change to an extremely regulated industry. Many of the national security programs that are supported by Rebellion's products operate in secure environments and access to those spaces and the data in them may require an active personnel security clearance. It is a requirement of this position that you are able to obtain and hold a personnel security clearance at the right level. 
 
#LI-Remote 
Our commitment to candidate experience: 
 
 We are a team of advocates for our candidates while building a fair and equitable process. 
 Our team empowers our candidates, business partners, and each other through transparency, honesty, and empathy. 
 We are committed to hiring a unique and diverse team with the shared vision that Rebellion is the go-to AI suite for national defense and security . 
 
 Our Interview Process: 
 
 To start, you'll have an initial 30 minute conversation with one of our amazing recruiters to learn more about you and your career goals. 
 Next, you'll dive deeper into your background and expertise with the Hiring Manager for 30-45 minutes 
 Lastly, you will have the opportunity to meet with members across our team for competency focused interviews covering both technical aspects of the role and our company culture. 
 
 What we offer you: 
 
 An opportunity to be a part of something bigger; a mission with real impact 
 A chance to be a part of a people-first team 
 Robust career growth and advancement opportunities 
 A comprehensive range of benefits that are fair, equitable, and competitive that include the following: 
 Company-paid, full coverage, inclusive health care (Medical, Dental Vision) for you and your family. 
 Flexible Paid Time Off 
 Annual Vacation Bonus 
 Generous Parental Leave 
 Stock option grants 
 Retirement & Savings Plan with company match 
 
 An Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled. 
 
Rebellion Defense is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. Rebellion Defense does not discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability, or any other protected characteristic in accordance with federal, state, and local law. Rebellion Defense 30+ days ago original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Security Officer jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Rebellion Defense in Washington, DC Security Officer salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Rebellion Defense Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
