
 
 
 
 Chief Applied Scientist - Denver, CO 80202 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief Applied Scientist Verizon 29,111 reviews Denver, CO 80202 $133,000 - $246,000 a year  -   Full-time Verizon 29,111 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $133,000 - $246,000 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description When you join Verizon 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
What you’ll be doing... 
 Verizon New Business Incubation (NBI) is looking for a Chief Applied Scientist to help us develop and deliver cutting edge automation technologies to our customers via our industry leading 5G network. Reporting directly to the CTO of NBI, you will lead the development of our machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities designed to advance a variety of initiatives - from mobile robot autonomy and Edge AI, to cybersecurity. We are looking for a technical innovator with strong product instincts and a collaborative, empathetic approach to their work. You will have an intimate understanding of reinforcement learning, self-supervised learning, synthetic data generation, and be comfortable working with the CTO to execute a business-oriented technology strategy that drives customer satisfaction and enables exponential revenue growth. 
Work with technical and business leadership to gain a detailed understanding of our target markets, key revenue opportunities, and upcoming products. 
Work with our customers to gain an extremely detailed understanding of their standard operating procedures and business processes. 
Leverage the above understanding to design automation strategies, developing and training the AI/ML capabilities necessary to insert autonomous and stationary robots into existing workflows. 
Provide technical leadership of R&D projects, working with R&D engineers to define, capture, and execute development programs that generate novel, state-of-the-art algorithms and solutions for applied use cases. 
Hire, grow, and manage a team of applied scientists, guiding their customer-centric work and methods with an eye on cross-utilization between customers, industries, and problem sets. 
What we’re looking for... 
 Our Chief Applied Scientist should have a strong background in the area of mathematics-based machine learning. Candidates are expected to come with demonstrated capabilities on probabilistic methods, including, but not limited to, non-parametric Bayesian networks, convolutional neural networks, compact probabilistic representation, multimodal deep belief networks, detection, autonomous heterogeneous sensor networks, and reinforcement transfer and one-shot learning methods. 
You'll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
Even better if you have one or more of the following: 
MS (PhD preferred) with six or more years of multidisciplinary professional research experience. 
Experience as the technical, hands-on principal investigator for mathematics-based machine learning R&D programs. 
Experience as the technical lead on new business acquisition initiatives. 
Strong technical writing and verbal presentation skills. 
Established track record of developing a technical research strategy that drives AI/ML development for R&D groups. 
A relationship-driven workstyle with a dedication to interdisciplinary collaboration and strong commitment to mentoring less senior staff and colleagues. 
Publication in refereed technical journals. 
Five or more years of experience working with Edge AI, reinforcement, active, and supervised learning, as applied to both stationary and autonomous robots. 
Five or more years of experience working with IoT and computer vision platforms, with expertise designing, training, and deploying novel deep learning architectures and a broad understanding of DL methods and literature. 
Strong development experience in languages like C++ and Python, as well as frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Kuda, and/or Keras. 
Understanding of the limitations of algorithms and data, with a creative approach for overcoming those limitations to close gaps and solve problems. 
Compensation 
 Our benefits are designed to help you move forward in your career, and in areas of your life outside of Verizon. From health and wellness benefits, short term incentives, 401 (k) Savings Plan, stock incentive programs, paid time off, parental leave, adoption assistance and tuition assistance, plus other incentives,we’ve got you covered with our award-winning total rewards package. For part-timers, your coverage will vary as you may be eligible for some of these benefits depending on your individual circumstances. 
If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the compensation range for this position is between  $133,000 and $246,000  based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your location and confirmed job-related skills and experience. This is an  incentive  based position with the potential to earn more. For part-time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours. 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. Verizon 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Scientist jobs in Denver, CO Jobs at Verizon in Denver, CO Scientist salaries in Denver, CO Company Info Follow Get job updates from Verizon Verizon 29,111 reviews As one of the world’s leading providers of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, Verizon is transforming th... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
