
 
 
 
 Chief of Staff - Menlo Park, CA 94025 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Chief of Staff January 10 reviews Menlo Park, CA 94025 Full-time January 10 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description January AI: Eat Different 
Founded by veteran business executive, Noosheen Hashemi, and Director of Genomics and Personalized Medicine at Stanford University, Dr. Michael Snyder, January AI is the first precision health company that combines heart rate and continuous glucose monitors, sleep and activity tracking, and seamless meal logging to give you a complete picture of your metabolic well-being and nudge you towards better habits in just 30 days—from predicting which foods you should eat and avoid, to when a brisk walk or overnight fast can bring your blood sugar back into a healthy range. 
Check out our recent coverage in STAT, TechCrunch, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and VentureBeat. 
At January AI, we believe that every day is January 1st, that every day is a fresh start. We believe that health isn’t a place you reach, but the simple process of doing just a little better than yesterday. We believe that self-improvement is a team sport. That’s why January AI is creating a community of everyday people building their healthy habits, together. January AI is backed, among others, by Marc Benioff, Jerry Yang and Steve Chen, founders of Salesforce, Yahoo! and YouTube. If you’re ready to join our team and help grow this community, please submit your application following the link provided. 
 
 Position Overview: 
We are looking for an experienced and motivated Chief of Staff to serve as a right hand to the CEO. In this key role, the Chief of Staff will lead organizational and executive rhythms with a high sense of urgency, run point on cross-company special projects and be the driver behind the executive team operations. This individual will translate defined strategies into executable work streams that yield the intended result of the business objectives. This role is an executive staff multiplier, where you will help keep an ultra-fast moving, collaborative and high performing team focused as well as ensure that key initiatives are kept visible and tracked for progress. You will also help build sophisticated financial analytics capabilities at January and guide/inform the company’s operational strategy. You will work in a wide range of areas including business, product, marketing, machine learning, science, strategy, planning, investor relations, finance, accounting and day-to-day operations. The Chief of Staff is a new, high-profile role at January AI and is critical to our continued success and scaling as a hyper-growth company. 
 Roles and Responsibilities 
Work alongside the CEO in developing and communicating the long term company strategy 
Drive modeling and evaluation of key business initiatives including new products, pricing models, promotional campaigns, strategic partnerships, and new markets 
Lead quarterly and annual strategic and financial planning across the organization to deliver against vision and strategy 
Assist in development of OKRs, metrics, KPIs and executive-level dashboards 
Manage organization delivery against OKRs, KPIs and key milestones, creating a sense of urgency required for success in a rapidly evolving space 
Follow up and ensure execution of various strategic initiatives and projects 
Maintain competitive surveillance and share insights with the company 
Drive company cadence through scheduling and agendas for executive staff meetings 
Create content for internal and external purposes (company presentations, investor presentations, external interviews and appearances, key meetings, etc.) 
 Qualifications 
High sense of urgency 
Fast paced - you move fast and make things happen 
Can-do attitude with a strong sense of ownership and responsibility 
Able to build trust across the organization 
Ability to influence and persuade business stakeholders 
Ambitious - you want to be a VP of Operations, COO, or even CEO one day, and are looking for the quickest way to get experience 
Sophisticated understanding of corporate finance and accounting 
Exceptional excel and financial modeling skills with a knack for robust simplicity 
Strong analytical and communication skills; you’re able to both crunch numbers and discuss your analysis 
Highly organized, with a superpower of driving people and projects to measurable outcomes 
Prior experience managing to OKRs or similar framework 
5+ years of experience in cross-functional business or management roles with direct experience at a high-growth startup 
Excellent visualization, communication and presentation skills 
2-4 years of experience at a top tier management consulting or investment banking firm helpful 
Bachelor’s degree, MBA preferred 
 We'd love to hear from you! 
January is an equal opportunity employer. 
 
 We are a diverse team and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. 
Our HQ office is located in sunny and beautiful downtown Menlo Park, CA, walking distance to Caltrain and local cafes and restaurants. 
Local or West coast-based candidates preferred. 
Benefits and Perks of working Full-time at January include: Competitive salary and equity packages; 401k with corporate matching; Health, dental, vision, life and AD&D insurance; Commuter benefits. 
We do not accept third-party solicitation for employment. January 14 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Chief of Staff jobs in Menlo Park, CA Jobs at January in Menlo Park, CA Chief of Staff salaries in Menlo Park, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from January 10 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
