
 
 
 
 Director of Business Programs - Redmond, WA 98052 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director of Business Programs Microsoft 7,268 reviews Redmond, WA 98052 Remote Full-time Microsoft 7,268 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Microsoft Digital is part of Microsoft’s Cloud + AI Group. We power, protect, and transform Microsoft as the voice of our digital transition in the market. 
Microsoft Digital is responsible for building, managing, and securing the platform, products, processes, and services that powers Microsoft. As a steward of Microsoft and our customer’s data, a core function of Microsoft Digital is responsible for company-wide information security and compliance. Microsoft Digital’s charter is also to influence and work alongside engineers across the company and with strategic partners to build and grow their cloud products and services. As customer zero, we deploy these services inside Microsoft and then share best practices with enterprise customers at scale across the globe. 
The Enterprise Data team in Microsoft Digital builds and operates the enterprise data foundations that drive Microsoft's digital transformation. We are looking for a Director of Business Programs to lead core product capabilities for Enterprise Data Management. 
This position is available to work anywhere in the US or  Remote in the U.S. 
Responsibilities 
Core Responsibilities:
 Set standards and best practices that drive long-term, cross-business solutions that improve the customer, partner, and internal group experience. 
Effectively communicate business strategy, goals and how they align to the team’s work. 
Develop and scale unique scenarios and engagement strategies to realize value from core capabilities in Enterprise Data across multiple customers, partners, and teams.
 Approach enterprise data management with a growth mindset and innovate using technologies (data stewardship, reinforcement machine learning, AI, automation, etc.) to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of controls (OKRs, KRIs, other). 
Sponsor the development of strategic relationships across new and existing customers, partners, and/or internal groups for strong networks and open communication. 
Responsible for the satisfaction and health of partnerships that span products, services, processes, or technologies and divisions, regions, or geographies. 
Proactively monitor the internal and external environment to anticipate opportunities. Seeks and seizes new opportunities and follows through to create impact. 
Qualifications 
Basic Qualifications: 
8+ years of experience in product management or program management or global data operations or data stewardship advisory, or business intelligence. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in a technology company. 
Strong product, process, and project management capabilities. 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Management, Business, Operations, Finance, Arts, Economics, or a related field 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Microsoft 19 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Program Director jobs in Redmond, WA Jobs at Microsoft in Redmond, WA Program Director salaries in Redmond, WA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Microsoft Microsoft 7,268 reviews We believe in what people make possible

Microsoft enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligen... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
