
 
 
 
 Computational Geophysicist - Arlington, VA 22201 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Computational Geophysicist Leidos 1,235 reviews Arlington, VA 22201 Full-time Leidos 1,235 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Job Description: 
The Leidos Innovations Center (LInC) has an opening for a Scientist/Computational Geophysicist in our Arlington, VA office with magnetic sensor and algorithm development experience to support a range of multi-phase sensor development programs. This is an exciting opportunity to use your scientific knowledge of geophysical principles in the modeling and simulation of geophysical signatures generated from various sources including earthquakes, explosions and other natural and artificial sources. Projects include modeling and simulation, signal processing of collected data and algorithmic development support for implementations on embedded systems. 
Primary Responsibilities 
The Scientist/Computational Geophysicist is responsible for modeling, analysis and algorithmic development of complex systems. This individual will work with Senior subject matter experts, with the goal of becoming a leader on a number of current sensor integration programs involving measurement of seismic, acoustic and/or magnetic signatures. Expertise in laboratory and field measurements using magnetic sensors and magnetic data exploitation (physics/geophysics) is highly desired. 
Modeling and simulation 
Setting up, configuring, running and reviewing the results of established seismic and acoustic modeling and simulation codes 
Modifying and extending the modeling codes to support new numerical experiments and simulations 
Analyzing and interpreting simulations outputs, including quantitative assessments, e.g. by comparison with collected data 
Data analysis and algorithmic development 
Collecting, processing and interpreting reference data collects 
Developing and applying algorithms from published sources and/or developing new algorithms to meet specific mission requirements 
Working with hardware and software engineers to migrate algorithms onto low-SWaP embedded systems platforms 
Coordinating with the Program Manager, technical teammates (both Leidos and subcontractors) and US Government customer(s) as a subject matter expert in geophysical phenomenology and geological properties that can influence success of sensor deployment and obtaining data. 
Basic Qualifications 
Advanced degree (MS, PhD) in a physical science or engineering discipline; MS and 2-5 + years’ experience working with advanced seismic, acoustic and magnetic modeling and simulations and analysis. Alternately, a PhD or postdoctoral experience. 
Working knowledge and experience programming in MATLAB, Python and/or other high-level programming languages. 
The successful candidate will support multiple sensor programs with different modalities and requirements, so “parallel processing” is a must. 
Position requires verbal and written communication proficiency. Experience formulating white papers and proposals desirable. 
Experience in field collections of seismic, acoustic and/or magnetic data 
Must be eligible to obtain a Top Secret security clearance. 
Preferred Qualifications 
System engineering experience spanning mechanical, electrical, thermal, computing and communications elements desirable. Familiarity with geophysical inverse theory. 
Experience with sensor development, integration, data exploitation and/or signal processing methods. 
Experience with applications of seismic/acoustic/magnetic data for WMD analysis, weapons effects. 
Experience in AI and/or ML approaches for data analysis 
LInC 
External Referral Bonus: 
Eligible 
External Referral Bonus $: 
5000 
Potential for Telework: 
No 
Clearance Level Required: 
None 
Travel: 
Yes, 10% of the time 
Scheduled Weekly Hours: 
40 
Shift: 
Day 
Requisition Category: 
Professional 
Job Family: 
Research Scientist 
Pay Range: Leidos 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Geophysicist jobs in Arlington, VA Jobs at Leidos in Arlington, VA Geophysicist salaries in Arlington, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Leidos Leidos 1,235 reviews Leidos
Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the worl... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
