
 
 
 
 Senior Analyst - Contact Center Voice Platform Transformation - Chicago, IL 60601 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Analyst - Contact Center Voice Platform Transformation United Airlines Inc. 3,814 reviews Chicago, IL 60601 $75,310 - $93,030 a year  -   Full-time United Airlines Inc. 3,814 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Salary $75,310 - $93,030 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We have a wide variety of career opportunities around the world — come find yours. 
 Contact Centers 
 Contact Centers assist customers with travel concerns, administer refunds, handle flight recovery, conduct quality assurance checks, and more. 
 Job overview and responsibilities 
 This role is part of a Contact Center Voice Transformation team that is working to build the next generation of voice interactions with our customers. The team’s mission is to provide customers the best experience throughout their contact journey, with a focus on customer self-service. The successful candidate will design and build conversation flows that create frictionless journeys and enable customer self-service in the Voice channel. 
 Design, implement and manage the Voice contact experience for United Contact Centers world-wide 
 Develop and enhance the capabilities of a conversational Voice AI platform, focusing on customer self-service 
 Expand customer use cases that can be resolved via Voice AI Virtual agents and other self-serve options 
 Identify integration points with backend systems and partner with IT on service development and enhancement needs 
 Analyze all available data to identify problems and opportunities for improved experience and automation 
 Analyze customer and agent feedback and use it to continuously improve customer's journey through the voice platform 
 Troubleshoot voice issues affecting Contact Centers 
 The salary for this position is $75,310 to $93,030 dependent on job-related, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, education and skills. This range is based on a full-time schedule. 
 At United, we offer a competitive compensation package, with benefits including: medical, dental, vision, life, accident and disability, parental leave, employee assistance program, commuter, paid holidays, paid time off, 401(k) plan with employee and company contribution opportunities, and flight privileges. 
 Required 
 Bachelor's degree or at least four (4) years 
 Experience building Conversational AI, voice, and/or chatbot contact flows 
 Familiarity with different Voice platforms and AI tools and products (e.g. Cisco, Genesys, Amazon Connect, etc.) 
 Understanding of Contact Center operations and call routing practices 
 Strong customer service, interpersonal, and communication skills 
 Good organizational, time management and problem-solving skills 
 Ability to work accurately and meet deadlines independently 
 Strong attention to detail and keen eye on what creates a good user experience 
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States for any employer without sponsorship 
 Successful completion of interview required to meet job qualification 
 Reliable, punctual attendance is an essential function of the position 
 Preferred 
 Knowledge of key Contact Center technologies, particularly Conversational AI / Virtual Agents 
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT United Airlines Inc. 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Jobs at United Airlines in Chicago, IL Company Info Follow Get job updates from United Airlines Inc. United Airlines Inc. 3,814 reviews We're connecting people and uniting the world.

We've paired the world's most comprehensive global route network with our modern fleet,... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
