
 
 
 
 Software Engineer III, iOS, Fitbit - Cambridge, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer III, iOS, Fitbit Fitbit 73 reviews Cambridge, MA Fitbit 73 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Minimum qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field or equivalent practical experience 
 3 years of software development experience, or 1 year with an advanced degree 
 Experience in iOS application development using Swift 
Preferred qualifications: 
 
Experience in mobile API design, performance optimization, client architecture or tools in the mobile space 
 Mobile application development on Android 
 Ability to ship consumer facing, high quality, mobile products 
 Familiar with Bluetooth technologies
 About the job 
Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. 
 
The Fitbit voice team delivers industry best voice experiences on our Fitbit line of devices. We develop a combination of software on device, mobile, and cloud services to provide voice assistant and audio features on low power wearable devices. 
Fitbit’s diverse line of innovative products of smartwatches, trackers and smart scale help people lead healthier, more active lives by empowering them with data, inspiration and guidance to reach their health and fitness goals. Our products deliver personalized experiences, insights and guidance through leading software and interactive tools to support our users’ health and wellness. Partnering with Google will expand our resources and global platform, and we will be able to accelerate innovation in the wearables category to scale faster, and make health even more accessible to everyone. 
Responsibilities 
 Lead the future of voice interactions on wearable technology 
 Integrate the next-generation voice assistants on mobile platforms 
 Solve challenging engineering problems in real-time constrained resource environments 
 Develop APIs, integrate SDKs, work with UX, and write code that runs on millions of devices. 
 Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form. Google 5 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Software Engineer jobs in Cambridge, MA Jobs at Fitbit in Cambridge, MA Senior Software Engineer salaries in Cambridge, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Fitbit Fitbit 73 reviews Fitbit is an American company headquartered in San Francisco, California, known for its products of the same name, which are activity tra... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
