
 
 
 
 Cybersecurity Intelligence Group - Threat Intelligence Developer - Westerville, OH - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Cybersecurity Intelligence Group - Threat Intelligence Developer JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Westerville, OH Full-time JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Cybersecurity Intelligence Group (CIG) holds the global mandate for JPMC's cyber intelligence collection, analysis, and dissemination of finished products to the firm's Cybersecurity & Technology Controls teams, lines of business, and overall executive decision makers. This team is responsible for tracking threats and incidents involving the firm's third party suppliers, subsidiaries, and key clients to address events such as intrusions, malware, DDoS, unauthorized access, insider attacks, and loss of proprietary information. This includes developing a deep understanding of global threat actors and their tactics, techniques, and procedures employed during cyber attacks.
 As a threat intelligence developer within CIG, you'll play an integral role in the threat driven defense of JPMC. The responsibilities for this position include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Primarily responsible for the identification and delivery of tools and processes that automate the threat lifecycle
 Enable the team to efficiently monitor and identify cyber threat scenarios and actual cyber security events involving our critical third party suppliers, subsidiaries, and key clients
 Drive and implement solution designs to proactively support the team's needs, such as streamlining and automating repetitive team tasks
 Ensure team's tools and capabilities are operational and developed to anticipate team and process growth
 
 Qualifications
 This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: 
 
 Proficiency in Python scripting
 Working knowledge of basic programming languages or database management systems such as REST APIs, JSON, HTML/CSS, Javascript, and ElasticSearch
 Understanding of Threat Intelligence platform, SOAR platform, and workflow orchestration tools
 Hand-on experience with cloud-based technologies and tools especially in deployment, monitoring and operations, such as Splunk, Elasticsearch, and Kibana.
 Experience in AI/ ML and / or Big Data technologies and framework is a plus.
 Experience with threat intelligence techniques and processes in an enterprise level organization
 General knowledge of global cyber threats, threat actors and the tactics, techniques, and procedures used by cyber adversaries
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Appreciation of the wider roles of interconnecting and collaboration with peer Cyber Security teams
 Demonstrable understanding of information technology principles including: software, hardware, networking, and Cloud infrastructure
 This position is anticipated to require the use of one or more High Security Access (HSA) systems. Users of these systems are subject to enhanced screening which includes both criminal and credit background checks, and/or other enhanced screening at the time of accepting the position and on an annual basis thereafter. The enhanced screening will need to be successfully completed prior to commencing employment or assignment.
 
 Highly Desired
 
 Intelligence Community experience and/or experience at an international institution conducting cyber or security/intelligence related work
 B.S. or M.S. degree level qualification or equivalent
 Cybersecurity or information technology certifications
 Financial sector experience
 
Your expertise in cybersecurity, combined with your desire to provide innovative security services, will be an asset to our Cybersecurity & Technology Controls organization. Join us in delivering high-quality security solutions across our lines of business around the world, and by creating, designing, implementing, and maintaining next-level technologies. The work you'll do is vital, as it will protect over $18 trillion of assets under custody and $393 billion in deposits every day. 
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. 
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs. 
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans JPMorgan Chase 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Business Intelligence Developer jobs in Westerville, OH Jobs at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Westerville, OH Business Intelligence Developer salaries in Westerville, OH Company Info Follow Get job updates from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,626 reviews One of the most respected companies in the world, Chase offers experienced professionals like you an array of opportunities to take your ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
