
 
 
 
 Smart Manufacturing Strategy Analyst - Wilmington, MA 01887 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 information By using Indeed you agree to our new  Privacy Policy ,  Cookie Policy  and  Terms , which we encourage you to review. OK Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Smart Manufacturing Strategy Analyst Analog Devices 369 reviews Wilmington, MA 01887 Analog Devices 369 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Come Join Analog Devices – a place where Innovation meets Impact. For the past 50 years, Analog Devices has been inventing innovative technologies that transform lives. Get hands-on experience working with the brightest minds to solve complex problems that matter: from autonomous vehicles, drones and factories to augmented reality to remote healthcare. Enjoy a culture that values aligned goals, balanced work-life priorities, continuous learning throughout your career and shared rewards. At ADI, we invest in you and succeed together because we believe that happy, healthy, intellectually-challenged people drive our growth and market leadership. 
 ADI at a Glance 
 ADI helps customers bridge the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that solve real-life problems and make the world smarter, healthier, greener and safer. With over $5 billion in revenue, ADI specializes in high-performance analog, mixed-signal, power, and digital signal processing (DSP) integrated circuits that sense, measure, interpret, connect, power, secure and transform how the world experiences the world around them. 
 Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect. 
 Come and be part of an exciting opportunity to help develop a Smart Manufacturing strategy for ADI’s world class Manufacturing operations utilizing AI technology. We are looking for a motivated and creative individual to join the Data and Analytics team as a Smart Automation Strategy Analyst. The ideal candidate will have a curiosity to understand how things work, a passion to make things better, an interest in ‘smart technology’ and a willingness to challenge the status quo. 
 This role will work closely with our Backend Factory teams and other business groups in the Manufacturing organization to help develop innovative Analytics solutions that will improve operational efficiency. You will be responsible for characterizing current business processes to identify weaknesses and decisions that can be automated with smart technology and work with teams to define/implement process improvements. You will also help with activities to manage SW vendor relationships that provide smart technology, conduct ROI and market analysis to help select the best solutions that ADI can leverage to build ‘intelligence’ into its day-to-day operations. In this capacity you will also lead initiatives to implement business process changes and software systems. 
 Specific Responsibilities / Duties 
 Understand opportunities in various Manufacturing Business Operations to introduce ‘smart’ analytics methods by conducting process mapping exercises 
 Work with teams to develop, improve and standardize processes and data capture systems, with an eye to improve data integrity
 Develop understanding of smart analytics SW solutions available in the market and conduct trade-off analysis to help select appropriate solutions
 Manage day to day working relationship with SW vendors providing smart analytics services to ADI 
 Lead projects to implement smart solutions in Manufacturing operations 
 Previous Experience/Skills Needed & Education Requirements 
 Bachelor’s degree in business with a focus on Technology/Software systems or MBA with a B.Sc. in an engineering discipline
 Experience using tools like Excel, Access for analytics
 Working understanding of databases desired 
 Strong analytical skills and course work in market analysis 
 Experience/coursework in Technical Program/Project Management
 Familiarity of AI and Advanced Analytics approaches plus 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Ability to work with teams across time zones essential 
 Comfortable with collaboration, open communication and reaching across functional borders 
 For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process. 
 Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability 
 EEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the Law 
 Education Level : Master's Degree 
 Travel Required : Yes, 10% of the Time Analog Devices Just posted original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Manufacturing Specialist jobs in Wilmington, MA Jobs at Analog Devices in Wilmington, MA Manufacturing Specialist salaries in Wilmington, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Analog Devices Analog Devices 369 reviews Dare to dream it, and we'll help you make it a reality. At Analog Devices, we invest in our people, so they can engineer solutions that s... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
