
 
 
 
 Silicon Design Engineer 2- 108569 - Santa Clara, CA 95054 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Silicon Design Engineer 2- 108569 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 528 reviews Santa Clara, CA 95054 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 528 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. What you do at AMD changes everything 
 At AMD, we push the boundaries of what is possible. We believe in changing the world for the better by driving innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies – building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the data center. 
 Developing great technology takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who understand collaboration, respect, and who will go the “extra mile” to achieve unthinkable results. It takes people who have the passion and desire to disrupt the status quo, push boundaries, deliver innovation, and change the world. If you have this type of passion, we invite you to take a look at the opportunities available to come join our team. 
 Silicon Design Engineer 
 
 Key Responsibilities 
 Developing new flow features around new EDA tools and tool capabilities. 
 Developing innovative physical design place & route methodology and flow solutions to meet current and future digital design challenges. 
 Working closely with EDA vendors to evaluate their capabilities and drive future improvements to meet roadmap requirements. 
 Tuning the design flows to achieve optimal power, performance, area and turnaround time. 
 Improving and maintaining the flow infrastructure and automation. 
 Tasks to include RTL Synthesis, Placement, Clock tree synthesis, Optimization, Routing, Parasitic Extraction, Static Timing Analysis, IR drop analysis, Physical Verification and Sign Off 
 Identify complex technical problems, break them down, summarize multiple possible solutions, and drive them in the right direction 
 Technical and schedule discussion with multi-site engineers and managers 
 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 MSEE or MSCE in ASIC Physical Design from RTL to GDSII 
 Excellent analytical and problem solving skills along with attention to details 
 Good UNIX and scripting programming skills (Perl, Python, and/or TCL). 
 Good RTL analysis skills including Verilog, Timing Analysis, library understanding and PPA optimization methodologies is strongly preferred. 
 Working knowledge of CAD tools from Synopsys, Cadence and Mentor Graphics 
 Knowledge of latest technology nodes and exposure to Machine Learning and AI is a plus 
 Strong communication, Time Management, and Presentation Skills 
 Must be a self-starter, and be able to independently and efficiently drive tasks to completion 
 
 #LI-JC2 
 
 Requisition Number:  108569 
 Country:  United States  State:  California  City:  Santa Clara 
 Job Function:  Design 
 
 AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. We consider candidates regardless of age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status. Please click  here  for more information. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Today original job If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process. Report job Apply Now Apply Now Save this job Save this job Senior Design Engineer jobs in Santa Clara, CA Jobs at Advanced Micro Devices in Santa Clara, CA Senior Design Engineer salaries in Santa Clara, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 528 reviews Founded in 1969 by Jerry Sanders, AMD got its start producing logic chips, RAM chips and multipliers. It continued to expand in following... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
