
 
 
 
 Silicon Partnership Manager - Sunnyvale, CA 94089 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Silicon Partnership Manager Facebook 631 reviews Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Facebook 631 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. As a Silicon Partnerships Manager for Facebook’s Facebook Reality Labs (“FRL”) organization, your job will be to build technology partnerships that accelerate the introduction of new consumer hardware products and AR/VR experiences. You will be part of a fast moving team that focuses on partnerships and advanced technology exploration to develop custom solutions for silicon, sensors, wireless, AI, computer vision and other advanced technology areas that are critical to deliver our future vision of connecting people through both augmented and virtual worlds. This is a key role that requires driving a path for key technology innovation together with leading engineers, researchers and partners that include large established component suppliers, startups and everything in between. Responsibilities include negotiating and driving development agreements to close, identifying new partners, and building strategic relationships with key partners in the industry. You will have the opportunity to deepen FRL’’s understanding of technical advancements and roadmaps in the broader ecosystem and create partner strategies to make the future. 
Drive partner strategy for technology innovation cross-functionally with leading engineers and technologists in Facebook Reality Labs 
Support exploratory discussions with potential new partners, including setup of technology evaluations as needed 
Negotiate and drive development deals with technology partners in the silicon ecosystem including major component suppliers, startups and everything in between 
Manage business relationships with current partners 
Domestic and international travel when deemed safe 
BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Manufacturing & Operations Engineering or other relevant technical fields. 
5+ years experience of either business development work experience or commodity sourcing management for silicon, sensors, wireless, AI, computer vision, or other advanced technology areas relevant to mobile and consumer products. 
Experience negotiating and structuring complex technology or sourcing deals with consideration for technical, long-term business and strategic aspects of the relationship. 
Experience with various technologies associated with silicon, sensing, computer vision, AI and other HW areas that are associated with bringing the future of AR and VR forward. 
Experience with the silicon development process and strategic vendors in the silicon ecosystem (e.g. foundries, OSAT, IP licensors, design services vendors). 
Experience formulating clear partner and technology strategies with cross-functional teams. 
Experience influencing cross-functional teams and senior leadership. 
Experience communicating to champion initiatives internally and externally, including compilation of clear and concise briefing materials, for effective communication with executive management and external partners. 
Experience with supply chain and supply agreements. 
Experience with wireless technology (Wi-Fi, BT/BLE, UWB, NFC, GNSS), design, module, and vendors (development, partnership and sourcing). 
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. 
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com. Facebook 7 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Partnership Manager jobs in Sunnyvale, CA Jobs at Facebook in Sunnyvale, CA Partnership Manager salaries in Sunnyvale, CA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Facebook Facebook 631 reviews Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
