
 
 
 
 Legal Operations Manager - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Legal Operations Manager FloQast 2 reviews United States Full-time FloQast 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description As a Legal Operations Manager, you will be joining our quickly growing Legal team working closely with a small team of highly dedicated and dynamic professionals across the Company. This role will own the development, management, and execution of the Legal team’s internal processes, systems, and technology tools, building out the foundation for the Company’s continued growth. In addition to making sure that the Legal team’s work runs smoothly, the Legal Operations Manager will contribute to, and sometimes manage, cross-functional efforts to develop and improve company-wide projects. The Legal Operations Manager will also handle daily legal administrative work, including contracts management, records retention, and other legal support responsibilities. 
FloQast is a fast-growing company experiencing rapid growth, and we're excited about our team's impact on the company’s business. FloQast fosters a diverse, collaborative, and innovative culture with plenty of opportunities for ownership and professional growth. 
 Visa sponsorship is NOT available at this time 
Responsibilities Include: 
Assist in the development, management, and maintenance of a centralized contract repository, as well as with compliance with existing contract terms and conditions. 
Project manage Legal team initiatives, including cross functional projects. 
Review and maintain the Legal team internal trackers, training materials, template forms and guideline documents, reporting on key operational metrics that will better assist with decision making. 
Drive automation and effective use of technology solutions including tools related to knowledge management, contract management, project management, and workflow management. 
Operationalize processes and services to align with defined policies, standards and procedures around data privacy and data governance, specifically around CCPA and GDPR. 
Become the expert in understanding the company’s data flows and systems as relevant to the Legal team’s work. 
Manage the processing of data subject requests made pursuant to privacy laws. 
Stay abreast of best practices in legal operations for mid-sized tech companies; scope and execute as appropriate. 
Assist with team building and development, such as helping to plan strategic offsites & activities. 
Any other tasks that may be assigned to help the company meet its goals. 
 Desired Qualities and Skills: 
Bachelor’s degree. 
Experience with evaluating and implementing software solutions. 
A minimum of 3-5 years of experience in a similar or relevant role (legal operations, paralegal, contract management, project management, etc.) 
Strong client service orientation; solutions oriented. 
Detail-oriented, excited about process improvement, and driven to make an impact. 
Experience in contract database systems, workflow systems. 
Excellent written and oral communication skills. 
Highly proficient in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Powerpoint. 
Proactive approach to recognizing needs, anticipating issues, and solving problems. 
 
#LI-MH1 
#LI-Remote 
#BI-Remote 
About FloQast  www.floqast.com 
Recognized as a 2020 Technology Fast 500 by Deloitte, FloQast is the leader in accounting workflow automation created by accountants for accountants to work smarter, not harder. The cloud-based, AI-enhanced software is trusted by more than 1,000 accounting teams, including those at Lyft, Twilio, Instacart, Zoom and The Golden State Warriors—and proud to be rated #1 across all user review sites. By automating common accounting workflows and helping to streamline and make them more efficient, FloQast is the place where accounting teams want to work so they can focus on what matters most, even when that’s just going home on time. Whether automating reconciliations, documentation requests or other workflows such as the month-end close, financial reporting or payroll, FloQast enhances the way accounting teams already work to help them work smarter. Learn more at floqast.com. 
We are fanatics about the success of our customers. Check us out on G2 Crowd 
We are equally fanatic about creating and maintaining a fabulous culture of support and success for all employees. Check us out on Glassdoor 
We are moving quickly and there is a huge upside opportunity in terms of career growth 
FloQast offers competitive compensation, stock options, full benefits, and a positive and supportive work environment 
Named Inc's Best Workplaces in 2021 
Named among Best Places to Work by LA Business Journal in 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
Ranked #10 on The SaaS 1000 
FloQast, Inc is committed to operating fair and unbiased recruitment procedures allowing all applicants an equal opportunity for employment, free from discrimination on the basis of religion, race, sex, age, sexual orientation, disability, color, ethnic or national origin, or any other classification as may be protected by applicable law. We aim to recruit the right people for the jobs we have to offer, and to assess applications on the basis of relevant skills, education, and experience. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide a professional and welcoming workplace for all employees. 
If you are a Colorado or Connecticut resident, please contact us by emailing  hiring@floqast.com  to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include the job title in the subject line of the email Floqast Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Legal Manager jobs in United States Jobs at FloQast in United States Legal Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from FloQast 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
