
 
 
 
 OPERATIONS RESEARCH ANALYST - Fort Belvoir, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search OPERATIONS RESEARCH ANALYST US Defense Threat Reduction Agency Fort Belvoir, VA $122,530 - $159,286 a year  -   Full-time Job details Salary $122,530 - $159,286 a year Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Duties 
 Summary 
 This position is part of the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.The incumbent will be responsible for analyzing and integrating CWMD data, using advanced tools and techniques, to provide data science capabilities for the DoD and its CWMD mission partners. 
 Responsibilities 
 As a OPERATIONS RESEARCH ANALYST at the GS-1515-13/14 some of your typical work assignments may include:
 
 Serves as senior analyst, providing guidance and direction for the Applied Data Science Team (ADST). Identifies the requirement for, initiates, plans, and executes CWMD data analysis/integration efforts. Identifies, accesses, and integrates new, relevant CWMD data from numerous DoD, interagency, commercial, and public sources. Ensures that products address military requirements, proactively identifying and implementing changes and/or improvements in analytic methods, product formats, and dissemination modes. 
 As an expert and senior analyst, interacts broadly with representatives from across the CWMD community. Provides briefings and demonstrations to CWMD stakeholders, highlighting analytic/data integration capabilities and products. Collaborates with partner cells in other Defense/Combat Support Agencies. Builds relationships with current and potential data providers. Engages with representatives from related DTRA programs and initiatives to ensure integration of cell activities and capabilities. 
 Supports the development and enhancement of CWMD information systems (IS). On behalf of the CCMDs and the broader CWMD community, assesses capabilities of new and/or enhanced CWMD analysis tools, techniques, and systems. Explores Artificial Intelligence/Machine learning (AI/ML) capabilities and applies AI/ML techniques to ADST efforts. Develops necessary training programs and materials. Solicits and documents CWMD IS user feedback and communicates derived requirements to system developers. 
 Supports the Chief, ADST in preparing and defending plans and budgets for the data science efforts. Identifies and documents ADST analytic tasks and related personnel and resource requirements. Supports program management activities relating to the development and execution of contracts for CWMD data analysis and data integration. Makes decisions and provides guidance concerning programmatic aspects of CWMD data analysis. 
 Corrects deficiencies or improve the performance of systems, processes, or operations. Analysts doing this type of work are expert in methods of problem solving and also have an in-depth knowledge of recurring or persistent subject matter problems. 
 
 Travel Required 
 25% or less - You may be expected to travel for this position. 
 Supervisory status
 No
 Promotion Potential
 14
 Job family (Series) 
 1515 Operations Research
 Requirements
 
 Requirements 
 Conditions of Employment 
 Must be a U.S. citizen 
 Males born after 12-31-59 must be registered for Selective Service http://www.sss.gov 
 Resume and supporting documents (See How To Apply) 
 Suitable for Federal employment, determined by a background investigation 
 May be required to successfully complete a probationary period 
 Work Schedule: Full time 
 Overtime: Occasionally 
 Tour of Duty: Flexible 
 Recruitment Incentives: May be authorized based on budgetary availability of funding 
 Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA): Exempt 
 Financial Disclosure: Not Required 
 Telework Eligibility: This position is telework eligible 
 Must be able to obtain and maintain a TOP SECRET/SCI clearance based on a favorable Single Scope Background Investigation. 
 Subject to pre-employment drug testing and periodic random testing thereafter 
 Qualifications 
 You may qualify at the GS-14, if you fulfill the following qualifications: 
 
One year of specialized experience equivalent to the  GS-13  grade level in the Federal service:
 Leads multiple simultaneous research and development projects/activities, demonstrating ability to interface with different customer organizations (particularly military) to identify and capture requirements, develop collaborative project plans, deliver capabilities, and receive feedback;
 Experience specifically related to countering weapons of mass destruction (CWMD) and involving data science is highly desired.
 Leads multi-disciplinary teams of experts.
 Communicates effectively, through reports and briefings, to program stakeholders, including customers, resource sponsors, and leadership.
 Develops, executes, monitors, and reports progress against program plans. 
 You may qualify at the GS-13, if you fulfill the following qualifications: 
 
One year of specialized experience equivalent to the  GS-12  grade level in the Federal service:
 Leads a research and development project/activity, demonstrating ability to interface with different customer organizations (particularly military) to identify and capture requirements, develop collaborative project plans, deliver capabilities, and receive feedback.
 Experience specifically related to countering weapons of mass destruction (CWMD) and involving data science is highly desired.
 Leads multi-disciplinary teams of experts.
 Communicates effectively, through reports and briefings, to program stakeholders, including customers, resource sponsors, and leadership. 
 Develops, executes, monitors, and reports progress against program plans. 
 Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experienc e. 
 
 In addition to meeting qualifications, your application package must reflect the applicable experience to meet the Individual Occupational Requirements for the 1515 series . 
 
Basic Requirements: Degree: In operations research; or at least 24 semester hours in a combination of operations research, mathematics, probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter courses requiring substantial competence in college-level mathematics or statistics. At least 3 of the 24 semester hours must have been in calculus.
 
Courses acceptable for qualifying for operations research positions may have been taken in departments other than Operations Research, e.g., Engineering (usually Industrial Engineering), Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or Management Science. 
 The following are illustrative of acceptable courses: optimization; mathematical modeling; queueing theory; engineering; physics (except descriptive or survey courses); econometrics; psychometrics; biometrics; experimental psychology; physical chemistry; industrial process analysis; managerial economics; computer science; measurement for management; mathematical models in social phenomena; and courses that involved application of operations research techniques and methodologies to problems of management, marketing, systems design, and other specialized fields; or other comparable quantitative analysis courses for which college-level mathematics or statistics is a prerequisite. Courses in theory of probability and statistics are highly desirable, but are not specified as minimum educational requirements because to do so would possibly exclude some applicants who would otherwise be well qualified. 
 
*NOTE: Failure to provide transcripts will result in you being rated ineligible for this position. 
 Education 
 Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for these grade levels. 
 
 You MUST provide transcripts or other documentation to support your educational claims.  Unofficial transcripts are acceptable at time of application. 
 
All materials must be submitted by the closing date of the announcement. 
 
GRADUATE EDUCATION: One academic year of graduate education is considered to be the number of credits hours that your graduate school has determined to represent one academic year of full-time study. Such study may have been performed on a full-time or part-time basis. If you cannot obtain your graduate school's definition of one year of graduate study, 18 semester hours (or 27 quarter hours) should be considered as satisfying the requirement for one year of full-time graduate study. 
 
FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit: Foreign Education
 Additional information 
 Re-employed Annuitant:  This position does not meet criteria for re-employed annuitant. The DoD criteria for hiring Re-employed Annuitants can be found at:   http://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/issuances/140025/1400.25-V300.pdf 
 
 
 All applicants must meet qualifications and eligibility criteria by the closing date of the announcement. 
 
 
 Interagency Career Transition Assistance Programs:  This program applies to employees who have been involuntarily separated from a Federal service position within the competitive service or Federal service employees whose positions have been deemed surplus or no longer needed. To receive selection priority for this position, you must: 1) meet ICTAP eligibility criteria; 2) be rated well-qualified for the position; Well qualified is defined as possessing the type and quality of experience that exceeds the positions minimum qualifications. and 3) submit the appropriate documentation to support your ICTAP eligibility. For more information: 
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/workforce-restructuring/employee-guide-to-career-transition/ 
 
 How You Will Be Evaluated 
 You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above. 
 We will review your resume and supporting documents, to ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. We will evaluate each applicant who meets the basic qualifications on the information provided and evaluate your relevant work experiences as it relates to fundamental competencies, identified below, required for this position. 
 
 Competencies: 
 
Customer Engagement 
CWMD Data Science Expertise 
Leadership and Management 
 
Based on the results of this evaluation, you will be placed in one of the following quality categories: 
 
Best Qualified: This highest category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that substantially exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s), as determined by the job analysis. 
 Highly Qualified:  This higher category will be used for those candidates who possess the type and quality of experience that exceed the minimum qualifications of the position, including any selective placement factors and/or appropriate quality ranking factor(s) as determined by the job analysis. 
 Qualified:  This lowest category will be used for those candidates that meet the minimum qualifications of the position, including all selective placement factors and appropriate quality ranking factor(s) and are proficient in some, but not all, of the requirements of the position. Candidates may require extensive training and/or orientation in order to satisfactorily perform the duties of the position. https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/hiring-information/competitive-hiring/#url=Category-Rating 
 
 Names of the candidates in the Best Qualified category will be sent first to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Applicants in other categories will be referred in accordance with category rating procedures. 
 
 
 Veterans Preference:  If you are entitled to veterans preference, you should indicate the type of veterans' preference you are claiming on your resume. Your veterans' preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are entitled to veterans' preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. Qualified veterans' preference eligible with a service-connected disability of 10% or more will be listed at the top of the highest quality category depending on the position and grade level of the job. 
For information on entitlement see   http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx .
 
 
 Military Spouse Preference:  If you are entitled to military spouse preference, in order to receive this preference you must choose the spousal eligibility in your application package referencing MSP Military Spouse Preference. Your preference entitlement will be verified by the employing agency. If you are claiming military spouse preference and qualified for the position, your name will be placed below preference eligible veteran candidates and above non-preference candidates on a list sent to the hiring manager for employment consideration. To claim Military Spouse Preference (MSP) please complete the Military Spouse PPP Self-Certification Checklist, save the document and attach it to your application package. 
 
 Background checks and security clearance 
 Security clearance 
 Sensitive Compartmented Information
 Drug test required 
 Yes
 Position sensitivity and risk 
 Special-Sensitive (SS)/High Risk
 Trust determination process 
 Suitability/Fitness
 Required Documents
 
 Required Documents 
 The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent Federal employee, applying as a reinstatement, etc). 
Your complete application includes your COMPLETE resume, your responses to the online questionnaire, and documents which prove your eligibility to apply.  If you fail to provide these documents, you will be marked as having an incomplete application package and you will not be considered any further. 
 
 
 The following documents are REQUIRED: 
 1. Your resume: 
 
 Your resume may be submitted on any format. It must include your name and contact information and support the specialized experience described in this announcement. 
 For qualifications determinations your resume must contain the number of hours worked per week and the dates of employment (i.e., "HRS per week and month/year to month/year" or "HRS per week and month/year to present"). 
 For additional information see: What to include in your resume 
 2. Transcripts: 
 This position has a degree or education requirement so you are required to submit a copy of your transcript 
 College transcript (s), required if qualifying based on education. We accept unofficial transcripts, as long as they contain your name, the name of the school, the date and degree that was awarded, and the list of classes and credits earned. 
 3. Veteran's Documents: 
 
If applying using veteran's preference or under a Veteran's hiring authority you must submit the following documents
 DD214 showing character of service, SF-15 Form and VA letter showing final percentage, or certification of expected discharge or release from active duty. 
 PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW LINK FOR OTHER SUPPORTING DOCUMENTS needed for proof of eligibility:
 
https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/FourthEstateRequiredSupportingDocumentation%2011-16-2020.pdf?ver=Lgkkn1HW9a8is7V2lyCS2Q%3d%3d 
 
 If you are claiming Military Spouse Preference,  you must submit supporting documents with your application package. These documents must provide acceptable information to verify: you reside within the commuting area of your sponsor's permanent duty station (PDS); proof of marriage to the active duty sponsor, proof of military member's active duty status, and other documentation required by the vacancy announcement to which you are applying; and must meet all pre-employment criteria and be eligible for immediate noncompetitive appointment to a position in the competitive service.  Documentation required:  Marriage Certificate or License, Signed Self-Certification Checklist, Veterans' Preference documentation (e.g., DD-214, VA Letter, Statement of Service, if applicable), Transcripts (if applicable).  Additional documentation required if previously held a federal position:  SF-50s (e.g., LWOP, highest grade held, overseas appointments, etc.), SF-75 Information, and documentation of performance rating of record (dated within the last 12 months) 
 
For More Information: https://www.dla.mil/Portals/104/Documents/Careers/downloads/DoDGenAppInfo.pdf
 If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:
 Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.
 Benefits
 
 Benefits 
 A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new windowLearn more about federal benefits.
 Review our benefits
 Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered. 
 Help
 This job is open to 
 Career transition (CTAP, ICTAP, RPL)
 Federal employees who meet the definition of a "surplus" or "displaced" employee.
 Military spouses
 The public
 U.S. citizens, nationals or those who owe allegiance to the U.S.
 Clarification from the agency 
 All U.S. Citizens usajobs.gov 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Operations Analyst jobs in Fort Belvoir, VA Operations Analyst salaries in Fort Belvoir, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from US Defense Threat Reduction Agency Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
