
 
 
 
 Software Engineer - Joint Artificial Intelligence Center - Falls Church, VA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Software Engineer - Joint Artificial Intelligence Center Barbaricum 12 reviews Falls Church, VA Barbaricum 12 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Software Engineer - Joint Artificial Intelligence Center 
Falls Church, VA / 
Cyber / Intelligence / 
Contingent on Contract Award 
Apply for this job 
Barbaricum supports government clients with Integrated Communications, Mission Support, and Cyber Security/Intelligence. Our passion is innovation and we are committed to client value and effective technical solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015-certified and CMMI Level 3 appraised, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) located in Washington, DC. Our mission is to transform the ways the U.S. Government approaches problem sets of increasing complexity by delivering innovative solutions, particularly in support of National Security missions. 
 
Barbaricum is one of the fastest-growing companies in our market. The company is routinely recognized by institutions like Inc. Magazine, GovCon, AMEC, PRSA, and SmartCEO for corporate growth, capabilities, and award-winning client work. Our team is dynamic and agile, providing global support to current missions across five continents. We are also focused on developing and maintaining our vibrant corporate culture, having been recently named one of the best places to work by Inc. Magazine. 
Barbaricum seeks an experienced Software Engineer to provide support to the Department of Defense Joint Artificial Intelligence Center (JAIC). Specifically, this individual will support the Business Process Transformation (BPT) initiative, which aims to institutionalize business process transformation across the DoD through scalable AI and automation technologies that are Common Access Card (CAC)-accessible and cloud-enabled in support of DoD business areas. The Initiative's goal is to mitigate against manually intensive, error-prone and costly processes across the DoD that – given trends in data - are not currently scalable for future growth, by applying AI and enabling technologies to decrease time and cost and increase effectiveness. 
 
 The Software Developer will integrate as part of a diverse team of subject matter experts, technologists and developers focused on developing prototype intelligent automations from initial use case through requirement development, process re-engineering, software implementation and deployment. 
Responsibilities
 Coordinate and/or perform business and systems analysis, additions and changes to software, network hardware and operating systems to support analysis of systems to support Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Natural Language Processing (NLP), machine learning (ML), and AI tools and solutions; includes investigation, analysis, recommendation, configuration, installation, and testing of new network hardware and software 
Provide direct support in the day-to-day operations on network hardware and operating systems, including the evaluation of system utilization, monitoring response time and primary support for detection and correction of operational problems 
Troubleshoot at the physical level of the network, working with network measurement hardware and software, as well as physical checking and testing of hardware devices at the logical level working with communication protocols 
Provide technical consultation, training and support to IT staff as designated by the customer 
Qualifications
 Active DoD Secret Clearance required
 Master's Degree 
10+ years of related experience
 Additional Information 
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website at www.barbaricum.com. We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews.  No phone calls please. Barbaricum 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Software Developer jobs in Falls Church, VA Jobs at Barbaricum in Falls Church, VA Software Developer salaries in Falls Church, VA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Barbaricum 12 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
