
 
 
 
 HR Specialist - Winston-Salem, NC 27103 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search HR Specialist Novant Health 1,750 reviews Winston-Salem, NC 27103 Full-time Novant Health 1,750 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
The HR Specialist will report directly to the HR Director of Administration to support the Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer with a variety of organizational priorities and projects, including board and committee preparation, budget development, and merger integration. This role will develop HR budget reports in conjunction with the Budget Department to analyze and forecast workforce trends. This role will support the daily management of the HR budget and spend for existing vendors. In addition, this role will follow-up with key stakeholders to obtain documents for board and committee preparation. This position will also support merger integration as needed for all functions of the department. 
At Novant Health, one of our core values is diversity and inclusion. By engaging the strengths and talents of each team member, we ensure a strong organization capable of providing remarkable healthcare to our patients, families and communities. Therefore, we invite applicants from all group dynamics to apply to our exciting career opportunities. 
Qualifications:
 
Education : Bachelor's degree required. 
Experience : Three years of project management and budget management experience required. Three years of artificial intelligence, IT experience preferred. 
Licensure/certification : PMP Project Management Certification preferred. 
Additional skills required : Minimum of three years of results-oriented project management experience with an emphasis on budget management, board preparation, and merger and acquisitions. 
Advanced experience with MSOffice, particularly MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word. 
Proficient in MicroSoft Project and Visio. 
Experience analyzing budget data with attention to accurate data and calculations. 
Ability to effectively communicate and build relationships with a view of inclusion and belonging. 
Strong analytical, consulting, organizational, and strategic thinking skills. 
Action oriented, willing to do what is needed in order to move projects forward in an organized manner with consistent execution. 
Strong digital fluency. 
Relationship management skills that include listening and consultative abilities, as well as the ability to establish credible relationships with business partners to drive change. 
Exceptional oral and written communication skills, and ability to draft clear, concise communications and documents. 
Additional skills preferred: Entrepreneurial spirit and innovative drive for reaching the next great idea and exceeding goals. 
Intellectual depth, moral integrity, personal vision, creativity, leadership skills, fortitude, sincerity and diplomacy. 
Ability to work independently and as a team player who will productively engage with others at varying levels of seniority within and outside of Novant Health. 
Bilingual in Spanish / English. 
 
 
Responsibilities:
 
It is the responsibility of every Novant Health team member to deliver the most remarkable patient experience in every dimension, every time. 
Our team members are part of an environment that fosters team work, team member engagement and community involvement. 
The successful team member has a commitment to leveraging diversity and inclusion in support of quality care. 
All Novant Health team members are responsible for fostering a safe patient environment driven by the principles of "First Do No Harm". Novant Health Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Human Resources Specialist jobs in Winston-Salem, NC Jobs at Novant Health in Winston-Salem, NC Human Resources Specialist salaries in Winston-Salem, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Novant Health Novant Health 1,750 reviews At Novant Health, you’ll find exceptional facilities, advanced medical treatments, and an amazing team in North Carolina, Virginia and So... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
