
 
 
 
 Junior Software Specialist - Research Computing - Morgantown, WV 26506 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Software Specialist - Research Computing Careers | West Virginia University 443 reviews Morgantown, WV 26506 Full-time Careers | West Virginia University 443 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description The Research Computing Team at West Virginia University Research Corporation is seeking applicants for the position of Junior Research Software Specialist. The primary responsibility for this position will be providing day-to-day software support to WVU’s High Performance Computing Systems and related systems. WVU currently has two clusters totaling >7,000 cores and 60+ Nvidia GPUs, with commissioning of a special-purpose GPU cluster anticipated for the 2021-22 academic year. This position will serve as one of the technical leads for the Research Computing team and will be responsible for interfacing with WVU computational researchers. 
 A successful candidate will be someone who: 
 Has direct experience in the areas of parallel programming, compilers/runtime, automated reasoning, high-performance computing (HPC), GPU programming, optimizing machine learning and artificial intelligence (ML/AI) applications and software engineering. 
 Is self-motivated to learn and stretch their knowledge of the Research Computing field. 
 Has direct experience working with users of HPC systems through one-on-one interaction in person and via electronic communication. 
 Has experience working in an academic environment. 
 Likes to work as part of a team to accomplish the mission of supporting WVU’s computational researchers. 
 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
Responsibilities are functional in nature and performed under general supervision. Specific tasks include, but are not limited to: 
 Providing routine, ad-hoc and as-needed reports to program managers on the operational integrity and performance of scientific software stacks on university HPC clusters. 
 Providing routine, ad hoc and as-needed reports to program managers on user service-related issues associated with the operation, use, and support of the software stack on university HPC clusters. 
 Providing support to team’s system administrators to research, analyze, test, and install new software and software packages required to support the scientific computing needs of university faculty, their colleagues and collaborators, and their students. 
 Interacting and collaborating with other software specialists at the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center (PSC) and other XSEDE sites. 
 Providing advice, analyses, and supporting technical information to supervisors and WVU scientific computing managers regarding the maintenance, upgrade, and replacement of scientific software, dependent libraries, and compilers used on university clusters. 
 Ensuring that complete documentation of all processes is created and maintained according to prevailing best practices. 
 Helping users adopt best practices in software engineering and optimized solutions based on algorithmic and IT infrastructure standpoints. 
 Contributing to outreach activities such as workshops and technical presentations. 
 Providing support for software engineering. 
 Acting as a consultant for researchers. 
 
 Supervisory/Lead Role 
Position reports to the Director of Research Computing and Senior Research Software Specialist. Normally receives minimal instructions on routine work, general instructions on new assignments. Supervision of others is not required, however, sharing of knowledge with others and team participation is expected in the role. Program, project or activity lead responsibilities will be assigned in this position. 
 
Qualifications 
 
 An advanced science degree with strong computational emphasis (exceptional undergraduate work or experience may be an acceptable substitute). 
 One (1) year of experience working with a software stack in Linux-based cluster and scientific high-performance computing systems supporting users in a broad range of computational research OR an equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 
 Hard skills: 
 Advanced knowledge of Linux/UNIX systems and shell scripting. 
 Strong experience in scripting languages such as Python to carry out submission and analysis of research software output. 
 Experience using and administrating queue systems and schedulers (e.g., Torque/Moab, SLURM). 
 Experience in developing, debugging and optimizing parallel scientific applications. Experience can be with OpenMP, OpenACC, MPI or CUDA. 
 Strong programming and software engineering skills. 
 Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills. 
 Experience with distributed parallel computing architectures and software systems. 
 Experience with GPU computing and Machine Learning algorithms. 
 
 Soft skills: 
 High professional standards with the ability to manage competing requirements in a diverse user population. 
 Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills with strong analytical ability. 
 Ability to work effectively as team member. 
 Tolerates ambiguity and evolving specifications. 
 Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. 
 Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. 
 
 Desired Skills, Knowledge, & Abilities 
 Experience with: 
 Parallel programming models (e.g., use of OpenMP, OpenACC, MPI or CUDA). 
 Accelerators (e.g. NVDIA-based GPUs). 
 High Level Languages (e.g. MATLAB, R, Python, and Julia). 
 Linux/UNIX administration and HPC administration. 
 Parallelization of serial computational applications. 
 Cloud computing software and services. 
 National HPC resources (e.g., XSEDE, DOE). 
 Scientific visualization in one or more science domains (e.g ParaView, VisIt). 
 Teaching and Mentoring, especially in research environments. 
 Interdisciplinary research or experience in multiple scientific disciplines. 
 HPC center support. 
 Software Container technology (e.g. Singularity Docker). 
 Version Control Software (SVN, git, mercurial). 
 
 Requirements 
Physical Demands 
Most activities require normal office type behaviors. For the most part, physical demands are consistent with such office work. Person will occasionally be required to lift and move computer equipment, including lifting, installing and removing computer systems from cluster racks. These systems can weigh between 30 and 50 pounds. 
 
About Research Corporation 
West Virginia University Research Corporation is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. West Virginia University Research Corporation values diversity among its employees and invites applications from all qualified applicants regardless of race, ethnicity, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, nationality, genetics, disability, or Veteran status. 
 
Job Posting :  Aug 26, 2021 
Posting Classification :  Research Corporation 
Exemption Status :  Non-Exempt 
Benefits Eligible :  Yes 
Schedule :  Full-time West Virginia University 20 days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Researcher jobs in Morgantown, WV Junior Researcher salaries in Morgantown, WV Company Info Follow Get job updates from Careers | West Virginia University Careers | West Virginia University 443 reviews West Virginia University (WVU) is a public land grant research university in Morgantown, West Virginia, United States. Its other campuses... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
