
 
 
 
 Manager, Competitive and Market Intelligence - United States - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Manager, Competitive and Market Intelligence FloQast 2 reviews United States Full-time FloQast 2 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description We are looking for a leader of Marketing and Competitive Intelligence. You will be responsible for working internally and externally and gathering key competitive and market insights and turning these insights into actionable information and strategy across product management, product marketing, and sales. 
You will need to gather and analyze market and competitive data to identify key macro and micro market trends and use this information to help drive winning positioning and messaging, and product innovation strategies. You will be responsible to proactively maintain a market intelligence knowledge base and work with external industry analysts and research firms to source valuable insights. 
This position will report to the Director of Product Marketing. 
 Visa sponsorship is NOT available at this time 
 
 
Responsibilities: 
Research, analyze and keep up to date on the competitive landscape, solution positioning, and market trends to deliver key insights into our overall product strength vs. competitors. 
Create compelling collateral in the form of competitive battle cards, technical briefs, and other comparison focused content for use by customer facing teams. 
Partner with Marketing, Sales, Enablement, and Development to continue to highlight and deliver critical market differentiators. 
Drive the success of customer engagements by assisting our field personnel with competitive differentiation both on a tactical and strategic level. 
Gather information from FloQast technical resources in engineering, development, and competitive engineering to develop new assets, messaging, and strategies for our field and marketing resources. 
Participate in sales calls as requested by field and advise on deal-specific competitive strategies. 
Align with core marketing stakeholders, to integrate competitive content into relevant marketing activities and programs, and influence marketing and messaging direction. 
Process – design and develop gold standard competitive intelligence pursuit support framework driving collaboration across stakeholders. Execute strategic and tactical pursuit support, competitive analysis projects and competitive monitoring activities. 
Markets – examine how client preferences are evolving; what features should be positioned as core, differentiable or add-ons; how does willingness to pay breakdown across different segments, markets, sectors, locations and solutions. 
 Requirements: 
8+ years of experience (competitive intelligence/market strategy/product marketing) 
Strong data analysis skills and process thinking 
Strong communicator 
BS Degree. MBA is preferable 
Willing to travel 15% 
 
 
#LI-Remote 
#LI-BT1 
#BI-Remote 
About FloQast  www.floqast.com 
Recognized as a 2020 Technology Fast 500 by Deloitte, FloQast is the leader in accounting workflow automation created by accountants for accountants to work smarter, not harder. The cloud-based, AI-enhanced software is trusted by more than 1,000 accounting teams, including those at Lyft, Twilio, Instacart, Zoom and The Golden State Warriors—and proud to be rated #1 across all user review sites. By automating common accounting workflows and helping to streamline and make them more efficient, FloQast is the place where accounting teams want to work so they can focus on what matters most, even when that’s just going home on time. Whether automating reconciliations, documentation requests or other workflows such as the month-end close, financial reporting or payroll, FloQast enhances the way accounting teams already work to help them work smarter. Learn more at floqast.com. 
We are fanatics about the success of our customers. Check us out on G2 Crowd 
We are equally fanatic about creating and maintaining a fabulous culture of support and success for all employees. Check us out on Glassdoor 
We are moving quickly and there is a huge upside opportunity in terms of career growth 
FloQast offers competitive compensation, stock options, full benefits, and a positive and supportive work environment 
Named Inc's Best Workplaces in 2021 
Named among Best Places to Work by LA Business Journal in 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018 and 2017 
Ranked #10 on The SaaS 1000 
FloQast, Inc is committed to operating fair and unbiased recruitment procedures allowing all applicants an equal opportunity for employment, free from discrimination on the basis of religion, race, sex, age, sexual orientation, disability, color, ethnic or national origin, or any other classification as may be protected by applicable law. We aim to recruit the right people for the jobs we have to offer, and to assess applications on the basis of relevant skills, education, and experience. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and strive to provide a professional and welcoming workplace for all employees. 
If you are a Colorado or Connecticut resident, please contact us by emailing  hiring@floqast.com  to receive compensation and benefits information for this role. Please include the job title in the subject line of the email Floqast Today original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Market Manager jobs in United States Jobs at FloQast in United States Market Manager salaries in United States Company Info Follow Get job updates from FloQast 2 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
