
 
 
 
 Senior Engineer - Applied Science - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Engineer - Applied Science Thornton Tomasetti. 42 reviews New York, NY Full-time Thornton Tomasetti. 42 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Thornton Tomasetti  provides engineering design, investigation and analysis services to clients worldwide on projects of every size and level of complexity. We are a growing 1500+ person firm with 10 practices: Structural Engineering, Forensics, Applied Science, Renewal, Resilience, Construction Engineering, Protective Design and Security, Facade Engineering, Sustainability and Transportation. We work on everything from landmark buildings to small-scale specialty structures, from the historic to the high performing, while balancing multiple objectives, including form, function, schedule, sustainability, constructability and budget. TALENT is at the core of our business.
 Our  Applied Science  practice leverages a unique combination of technologies and expertise to engineer practical solutions to problems of national and international importance. We apply expertise in solid and fluid dynamics, materials science, acoustics, risk assessments and computational simulation methods to solve complex problems. We preform research, mathematical modeling, software development and design to manage risks to life safety in military platforms and installations, ships and submarines, critical infrastructure, tall buildings, public facilities, industrial and petrochemical plants and automotive and airborne vehicles. Military, government, corporate and academic clients’ value the validation of Applied Science’s software and the critical insights gained from correlating analysis with testing. 
 
 The Role
 
 
We have an opportunity for an Engineer to join our Applied Science team. You will be a key technical contributor in our Defense and Critical Infrastructure team. You will work closely with our clients in the US Navy laboratories and local infrastructure authorities and perform simulations to solve their real world challenges. You will also have opportunities to work on Applied Science projects in Energy and Life Sciences, as well as in Forensics. The environment is intellectually challenging yet collegial, supportive. Peers and senior staff will work collaboratively with you.
 
 
 Responsibilities
 Conducting assessments, develop engineering solutions for structural and mechanical systems subjected to extreme loads, and report on your work to clients.
 Performing advanced analysis and research on engineering and scientific problems, using a combination of commercial software (e.g., Abacus, Flex ) and proprietary software.
 Developing physics-informed artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) models for scientific and engineering applications.
 Qualifications
 Masters Degree or PhD in a Structural, Mechanical, Aeronautical Engineering or associated fields.
 Command of nonlinear computational mechanics in solids or fluids.
 Experience in software development.
 Ability to obtain a US security clearance.
 Thornton Tomasetti is proud to be an equal employment workplace. Individuals seeking employment at Thornton Tomasetti are considered without regards to age, ancestry, color, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, protected family care or medical leave status, race, religion (including beliefs and practices or the absence thereof), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.
 (US Locations Only)  In our culture of collaboration and innovation, we find we do our best work when we are together while minimizing the risks of COVID-19. For new hires at Thornton Tomasetti, we require COVID-19 vaccination to the extent allowed by access and permitted by government jurisdiction in your area and barring any religious or medically approved exemption.
 Thornton Tomasetti Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement 
 
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at Thornton Tomasetti are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms.
 Please access the linked document by clicking here , select the country where you are applying for employment, and review. Before submitting your application you will be asked to confirm your agreement with the terms. Thornton Tomasetti. Today original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Engineer jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Thornton Tomasetti. in New York, NY Senior Engineer salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Thornton Tomasetti. 42 reviews Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
