
 
 
 
 Director, Public Technology Policy, Global Affairs - New York, NY - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Director, Public Technology Policy, Global Affairs Spotify 64 reviews New York, NY Remote Spotify 64 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Global Affairs 
Spotify is looking for a Director of Public Technology Policy based in New York! 
Location 
New York or Remote Americas 
Job type 
Permanent 
Spotify is the world’s leading audio streaming platform, founded and headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity - by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by it. Today, our 356 million users can discover, manage and share over 70 million tracks, including more than 2,6 million podcast titles, for free or via our Premium, ad-free service. 
Spotify’s EU office was established in 2017 and forms a key part of its global Government Affairs function. The EU team leads Spotify’s interactions with European and Member State policymakers, civil society, and industry on policy and regulatory issues that matter to Spotify’s business, its culture and values. 
Who you are 
The Director of Public Technology Policy will be an active member of Spotify’s Global Government Affairs team, tasked with developing and implementing Spotify’s public policy positions working closely with Spotify’s engineering and business teams to drive Spotify’s tech policy agenda around the world. 
Candidates should have a detailed knowledge and experience in the full range of technology policy issues and how they affect Spotify and similarly situated companies, including digital technology, services, and infrastructure, artificial intelligence, data, and security. Experience dealing with regulators, legislators and governments on issues regulation affecting technology is essential. A positive attitude, team spirit and a sense of humour are also crucial to thrive at Spotify. 
What you'll do 
10+ years experience in technology policy advocacy before policymakers and government officials 
Ideally technology background (engineering or IT degree) 
Experience in dealing with regulation 
Command of tech policy (platform policy, data & AI policy, content moderation, interoperability issues), and ability to explain clearly complex technology issues 
Strong communications skills & attention to detail 
Where you'll be
 We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the Americas region in which we have a work location. 
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about about our Work From Anywhere options here. 
Working hours? We operate within the EST/EDT time zone for collaboration 
Our global benefits 
Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse. 
Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success. 
Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents. 
All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub. 
Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs. 
Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events. 
Learn about life at Spotify 
Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. 
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users. 
Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens. 
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 345 million users. 
This position is not eligible to be performed in Colorado. Spotify 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Director of Technology jobs in New York, NY Jobs at Spotify in New York, NY Director of Technology salaries in New York, NY Company Info Follow Get job updates from Spotify Spotify 64 reviews Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity—by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
