
 
 
 
 AI Academic Consultant (Temporary) - Chandler, AZ 85226 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search AI Academic Consultant (Temporary) Intel 5,494 reviews Chandler, AZ 85226 Remote Contract Intel 5,494 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Contract Full Job Description Job Description 
The IT Artificial Intelligence Group at Intel creates cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities that solve Intel's key challenges and influence most of the computers in the world. The AI solutions we deliver transform the company's most critical processes, from processor development, through manufacturing to sales, and yield over 1B of annual value. 
The group includes more than 200 Data Scientists, Machine Learning Engineers and AI Product Experts, located in Israel, United States, Costa Rica and India. Our Data Scientists focus on creating the AI models at the core of our new capabilities. We analyze images, text, time-series, tabular data and additional data types, through utilizing and inventing cutting-edge methods of Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning. 
It is important for us to keep up with cutting edge innovation in the AI field, and the AI Academic Consultant will help us in these efforts. We are seeking for a Consultant who is a top-notch AI academic researcher, a faculty member or fellow in a university, with experience performing deep-learning research with a strong record of AI publications. 
The consultant will prepare and deliver talks about novel applicative AI capabilities (shortly after they are published) and also advise our cutting-edge AI projects. The candidate should also have rich hands-on industry experience, enabling the identification of applicative methods and advising research projects in an industry context. 
This is a part-time temporary position (for about half a year) and will work remotely 8 hours per week. 
This position is not eligible for Intel immigration sponsorship 
In addition the ideal candidate should also exhibit the following behavioral skills: 
Highly motivated to solve real-world problems and create high impact in practice 
Team player 
Great communication skills to mentor others and deliver exciting talks 
Qualifications 
Minimum qualifications are required to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. 
Minimum Qualifications: 
PhD focused on deep-learning research 
10+ papers in the deep-learning field 
5+ years of industry experience in/with: 
Solving data-science problems using deep-learning methods 
AI-related tools, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch and Scikit-learn 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Fluency in Hebrew (as most of our team is in Israel) 
Inside this Business Group 
Intel's Information Technology Group (IT) designs, deploys and supports the information technology architecture and hardware/software applications for Intel. This includes the LAN, WAN, telephony, data centers, client PCs, backup and restore, and enterprise applications. IT is also responsible for e-Commerce development, data hosting and delivery of Web content and services. 
Posting Statement 
 
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance. 
Annual Salary Range for jobs which could be performed in US, Colorado: 
$52,000.00-$200,000.00 
Benefits: 
We offer a total compensation package that ranks among the best in the industry. It consists of competitive pay, stock, bonuses, and benefit programs. Find more information about our Amazing Benefits here Intel 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Consultant jobs in Chandler, AZ Jobs at Intel in Chandler, AZ Consultant salaries in Chandler, AZ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Intel Intel 5,494 reviews Intel put the Silicon in Silicon Valley, and today our technology remains at the core of the most exciting, life-changing innovations on ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
