
 
 
 
 Telemedicine ICU Nurse - Washington, DC 20010 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Telemedicine ICU Nurse Children's National Hospital 650 reviews Washington, DC 20010 Full-time Children's National Hospital 650 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Description 
 Collects and analyzes patient and family data for purposes of assessment, diagnosis and management. Communicates/documents patient's physiologic health status and plan of care. Identifies patient outcomes. Identifies actual/potential patient problems; Develops patient outcome statement (s) and establishes individualized patient goals. Re-examines prior diagnoses and care plans at appropriate intervals for anticipated individual patient outcomes. Readjusts accordingly. Uses available decision support tools in determining evidence-based practices for clinical problems. Responds to routine, urgent and emergent patient issues. Provides follow-up to ensure problem resolution. Serves as advocate for patients and families in response to their needs and wishes. Devises and communicates assessments for real or anticipated patient problems to medical staff. Solves clinical patient problems independently when appropriate and communicates unresolved issues to medical staff. Updates ICU knowledge of pathophysiology, pharmacology, hemodynamics, bedside technology and nursing care. Communicates with the members of the Tele-Cardiac ICU command center and bedside CICU teams to provide safe error-free care during routine and emergent conditions. Utilizes Health System best practices and other care initiatives in response to Performance Improvement strategies. Reports clinical, administrative or technical problems that may result in medical errors, unsafe care, or suboptimal communications amongst members of Tele-Cardiac ICU command center and CICU health care team. Performs related duties, as required. Applies etiometry (T3) and other AI algorithms as well as basic and advanced features of the Tele-Cardiac ICU System to enhance efficiency in assessment and documentation during her virtual surveillance activities. Provides virtual support with documentation and assistance with documentation of different Quality Indicators in the CICU. 
 
Qualifications 
Minimum Education 
BSN Graduate from an accredited School of Nursing (Required) 
 
 Minimum Work Experience 
5 years Recent pediatric cardiac critical care experience, required. Previous Performance Improvement and Preceptor experience, required. (Required) 
 
 Required Licenses and Certifications 
Registered Nurse in District of Columbia • Current license to practice as a Registered Professional Nurse in the District of Columbia (Required)Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS) Upon Hire (Required) 
Critical Care Nurse Specialist (CCNS) 1 Year (Preferred) Or 
Critical Care Registered Nurse (CCRN) 1 Year (Preferred) 
 
 Functional Accountabilities 
 Leadership 
 
 Contribute to Magnet re-designation as evidenced by independent updating of professional profile and initiation of council involvement, committees, task forces and /or community outreach. 
 Communication reflects development of plan of care and ability to advocate to meet patients’ needs. 
 Independently initiate escalation of issues and utilize chain of command. 
 Participate to implement change and support management decisions. 
 Role model professional behavior to reflect empathy, concern and a desire to help others 
 Structural Empowerment 
 Independently maintain regulatory requirements e.g. license, BLS. 
 Plan for attendance at mandatory education and professional activities to enhance nursing practice. 
 Seek out opportunities to participate and enhance departmental goals by ensuring adherence to national safety standards and service excellence standards; support advancement of education and certification as well. 
 Collaborate with members of the healthcare team. 
 Professional Practice 
 Utilize assessment data gathered from patient and family to ensure completion of data base and plan of care within identified timeframes. 
 Role model clinical skills with complex patients to reflect analysis of patient status and appropriate interventions; to prioritize and organize rapidly changing patient needs. 
 Anticipate and proactively plan for educational needs and verify with patient and family throughout the hospital/outpatient stay and prior to discharge. 
 Continue to care in all encounters with patient and family as evidenced by feedback from parents and an increase in patient satisfaction scores. 
 Program Improvement 
 Identify ways to improve operations through quality improvement and assist in implementation of solutions across acute care units. 
 Identify self learning needs and take initiative to meet those needs. 
 Keep knowledge base current with new information or changes to affect your ability to maintain competency in all acute care areas. 
 Ensure care is based on evidence with the literature and benchmarking. 
 Professional Practice 
 Support Shared Leadership. 
 Contribute to CNMC’s Magnet Journey . 
 Ensure nursing practice is based on evidence of best practice. 
 Accountable to participate in the Division of Nursing’s Performance Improvement process (division or unit level). 
 Participate in community Activities. 
 
 Organizational Accountabilities 
 
Primary Location :  District of Columbia-WASHINGTON 
Work Locations :  Sheikh Zayed Campus 111 Michigan Avenue Washington 20010 
Job :  Nursing 
Organization :  Heart Institute 
Regular / Temporary :  R (Regular) 
Position Status :  FT - Full-Time 
Shift :  Day 
Work Schedule :  8:00am - 4:30pm 
Job Posting :  Sep 14, 2021, 3:50:59 PM Children's National Hospital 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Registered Nurse - ICU jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at Children's National Hospital in Washington, DC Registered Nurse - ICU salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from Children's National Hospital Children's National Hospital 650 reviews Children’s National Hospital, based in Washington, D.C., celebrates 150 years of pediatric care, research and commitment to community. Vo... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
