
 
 
 
 Junior Data Scientist - Remote - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Junior Data Scientist NewWave HQ Remote Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Overview:
 
iQuartic is a dynamic and growing company that helps customers solve critical healthcare problems and empower stakeholders with reliable, actionable intelligence using state-of-the-art data science and AI solutions. 
Our diverse and compassionate team brings deep experience in healthcare and technology to lead the healthcare revolution and bring innovative and high value care using intelligence from data. 
The Data Scientist role is a blend of hands-on development and architecture design data science work, supporting our product, sales, and marketing teams. 
The Data Scientist will use the latest AI/Machine Learning techniques and large data sets to support and transform our product, product roadmap, and process optimization and automation. The role encompasses using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running prototypes, MVPs, and products, and building solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. 
The new Data Scientist will be part of the Global Data Science and AI Team, based in our Montreal headquarter. You will report to the Vice President of Technology. 
Responsibilities:
 The Data Scientist will work closely with the data science team and domain experts at IQuartic, leverage OCR, machine learning, deep learning, transfer learning, computer vision, and NLP techniques to develop digitization software for medical record scans.
 Transform our ICD Extraction NLP model, Visit Recognition NLP model, etc 
Be part of a highly energized team where you will import the latest AI/Machine Learning techniques from industry and academia, design and implement software solutions for a broad range of NLP/CV problems typically found in the healthcare domain. 
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. 
Drive company AI strategy, product development, and product roadmap. 
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. 
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes. 
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. 
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze machine learning model performance and data accuracy. 
Qualifications:
 
Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g., Mathematics, Linguistics, Computer Science. 
>2 years industry or academic experience in applied NLP, CV, DL, TL. 
Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal skills, and team collaboration. 
Specialization in OCR is strongly preferred. Understanding of Transformers, ELMO, XLNet, Albert, BERT is preferred but not required. 
Experiences with healthcare industry practices and medical coding a plus, but not required. 
Demonstrates proficiency with: 
Python, Scala, Java, or R for product development and to draw insights from large data sets.
 OCR libraries such as Tesseract, PyOCR, OpenCV, .NET OCR SDK, etc. 
NumPy and Pandas libraries for extracting, cleaning, transforming, and preprocessing data sets.
 Supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques. This includes regression models, decision tree models, clustering, and deep learning. Hands-on experience with Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch. 
Data visualization and performing model diagnostics. Understand learning curves, work with tools such as Matplotlib, Tableau, etc. 
Experiences using NLTK, spaCy, Stanford NLP, Open NLP, or Spark NLP. 
Experience with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud Platform services. 
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on applied research and product development. 
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.). 
Experience working with and creating data and ML models architectures. 
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, transfer learning, GAN) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. 
A drive to explore, research, learn, and master new technologies and techniques. 
Experience using web services: S3, Spark, MongoDB, Redshift, KEDA, Kafka, Flask, MLflow, Kubeflow, etc. NewWave HQ 20 days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Junior Data Scientist jobs in Remote Jobs at NewWave HQ in Remote Junior Data Scientist salaries in Remote Company Info Follow Get job updates from NewWave HQ Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
