
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist - Boston, MA - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Senior Data Scientist Pagaya Investments Boston, MA About Pagaya 
 
Help Shape the Future of Finance 
 
Pagaya is a financial technology company working to reshape the lending marketplace, for investors, by using machine learning, big data analytics, and sophisticated AI-driven risk analysis. With its current focus on consumer credit and real assets, PAGAYA’s proprietary suite of solutions and pipelines to banks, fin-tech lenders and others was created to actively find greater value for institutional investors. PAGAYA’s models create additional value to that pipeline as well, by increasing liquidity and, in turn, increasing opportunities for access to credit. 
 
We move fast and smart, identifying opportunities and building end-to-end solutions from AI models and unique data sources to new business partnerships and financial structures. Every PAGAYA team member is solving new challenges every day in a culture based on collaboration and community. We all make an impact regardless of title or position. 
 
Our Team 
 
The company was founded in 2016 by seasoned finance and technology professionals, and we are now 400+ strong in New York, Tel Aviv, and LA. The team manages over $4.5 billion in assets on behalf of institutional investors around the world. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams—people you can be proud to work with! 
 
Our Values 
 
 Continuous Learning : It’s okay to not know something yet, but have the desire to grow and improve. 
 Win for all:  We exist to make sure all participants in the system win, which in turn helps Pagaya win. 
 Debate and commit:  Share openly, question respectfully, and once a decision is made, commit to it fully. 
 The Pagaya way:  Use first principles thinking to support our needs, but is unique to Pagaya. 
 
 The Role 
 
We're looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our Research team. As a Senior Data Scientist, you have a unique opportunity to use your quantitative skills in statistics, machine learning, operations research, and/or economics on a highly innovative team. 
 
This role will give you access to field high impact questions, prototype algorithms, engage in large scale experimentation, and most importantly - drive business insights through data. You will work closely with our Global Research department, helping develop peers, mentor junior employees, and join one of our fastest growing business units. 
 
Key Responsibilities 
 
 Design solutions for the company’s core mission using Data Science methodologies from various domains 
 Take part in developing new cutting edge algorithms based on various Machine Learning techniques 
 Work in a short life-cycle research and development environment 
 Generate and test working hypotheses in unexplored territory 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor's degree, Masters degree, or 4+ years of experience in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Finance, Engineering, or Computer Science 
 2+ years of experience working as a data scientist or a similar role involving data extraction, analysis, and statistical modeling 
 Knowledgeable in applied statistics - distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. 
 Prior scripting and programming skills, preferably in Python 
 A blend of curiosity, analytical thinking, creativity, flexibility, adaptability, and relentlessness to drive projects to completion 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with evolving priorities 
 Creative and proactive thinker who actively seeks solutions and process improvements 
 Ability to work in a fluid environment while staying flexible, organized, and humble along the way 
 An affinity for machine learning, predictive modeling, optimization, risk and finance 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Generous paid time off policy 
 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance 
 When onsite: Unlimited snacks and beverages 
 Covid-compliant environment 
 A diverse and inclusive culture Pagaya Investments 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Data Scientist jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Pagaya Investments in Boston, MA Senior Data Scientist salaries in Boston, MA Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
