
 
 
 
 Research Analyst - Washington, DC 20005 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Research Analyst APCO Worldwide 54 reviews Washington, DC 20005 Full-time APCO Worldwide 54 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Please include cover letter.
 
 
APCO Insight®, the strategic research consultancy within global communication firm APCO Worldwide, is seeking a  Research Analyst  to join its team in Washington, D.C. 
 
APCO Insight® works with many of the world’s leading companies, associations, nonprofits and public-sector organizations on a diverse range of challenges. Our core research capabilities support reputation management, brand and campaign communications, issues and crisis management, message and creative development, thought leadership, and consumer and cultural trends. 
The Research Analyst will support APCO Insight team members in executing research assignments on behalf of the organization and clients. While this position is predominantly an opinion research position and focused on quantitative and qualitative methods, APCO Insight is increasingly involved in assignments employing secondary research techniques, digital and social media research, data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
Responsibilities 
Provide day-to-day support of quantitative and qualitative opinion research projects for various global clients 
Prepare and monitor quantitative data collection 
Prepare and manage qualitative research recruitment and focus group coordination 
Clean, code, and manage survey datasets 
Conduct data processing and analysis including frequencies, cross-tabulation, and significance testing 
Visualize data insights using charts, graphs and tables and develop reports in PowerPoint 
Ensure data and reporting quality 
Use digital research tools to analyze the conversation landscape and identify target audiences and influencers 
Write clearly to communicate with colleagues, research partners and clients 
Qualifications 
1-2 years of relevant experience 
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in a related field 
Excellent PowerPoint & Excel skills 
Proficient with SPSS, R or other comparable statistical programs 
Working knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics, strong analytical skills 
Familiarity with digital and social media research tools such as Quid, Affinio, Brandwatch, Talkwalker or other similar programs 
Able to multi-task, strong time management and organizational skills 
Excellent written and oral skills and the ability to communicate within an organization 
Furthermore, the ideal candidate will have an interest in working on research studies related to reputation management, corporate branding, thought leadership and/or public affairs issues management. 
Founded in 1984, APCO Worldwide is an award-winning, independently owned global communication and business strategy firm with offices in major cities throughout North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia. APCO combines a global perspective with local expertise to help clients around the world manage challenges, opportunities, perceptions and reputations. APCO clients include corporations and governments; industry associations and nonprofit organizations; and six of the top 10 companies on the Fortune 500. The firm is a majority women-owned business. 
APCO Worldwide, named “Public Affairs Agency of the Decade” by  The Holmes Report  and one of the “Top Places to Work in PR” by PRNews, offers a collegial work environment, countless training and development opportunities, and a competitive compensation and benefits package. 
 EOE M/F/V/D 
 Are you ready to challenge convention and challenge yourself? APCO Worldwide 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Research Analyst jobs in Washington, DC Jobs at APCO Worldwide in Washington, DC Research Analyst salaries in Washington, DC Company Info Follow Get job updates from APCO Worldwide APCO Worldwide 54 reviews APCO Worldwide is an independent global public affairs and strategic communications consultancy. With more than 600 employees in 35 world... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
