
 
 
 
 Post Doctoral Fellow in Medical Robotics - Boston, MA 02115 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Post Doctoral Fellow in Medical Robotics Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH) 1,021 reviews Boston, MA 02115 Full-time Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH) 1,021 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Post Doctoral Fellow in Medical Robotics 
 - (3169038) 
Post-doctoral fellow in Medical Robotics at Surgical Navigation and Robotics Laboratory (www.snrlab.org) 
 Image Guided Therapy Program, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical School, 75 Francis St, Boston, MA 02115 
 
 Laboratory Webstie 
 https://projects.iq.harvard.edu/snr 
 
 Twitter 
 https://twitter.com/snrlab?lang=en 
 
 Reporting to 
 Nobuhiko Hata, PhD 
 
 General Overview 
 Surgical Navigation and Robotics (SNR) Laboratory at Brigham and Women’s Hospital is recruiting candidates for a post-doctoral fellow position to information science to enhance medical robots for scientific research. SNR Laboratory is looking for strong, self-motivated individuals who are looking to explore new dimension of robotics in medicine in their career. A successful candidate will interact with scientists and clinicians at Harvard-affiliated research institution and deploy the developed robots to real clinical scenes, and learning post-doctoral training program outlined in https://postdoc.hms.harvard.edu/curriculum. 
 
 We are particularly interested in those who have track record of publications in the following domain. Medical Robotics, Surgical Navigation, Medical Device Instrumentation. 
Requirements: 
 Education: PhD in Biomedical Engineering, Robotics, Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent combination of training and experience 
 Academic Skill: Write logically sounds and focused scientific report in scientific journals and conferences. Report the progress and schedule in research management portal the laboratory provides. 
 All or subset of technical competency in the following area is expected among the successful candidates. CAD/CAM, 3D Printing, Circuit Design, Motion Control, Programming in MATLAB and ANSYS, Basic Understanding of Medical Image Analysis, Display, Handling. Basic understanding of Artificial Intelligence. 
 Professional abilities: Willingness to work in a hospital environment, putting emphasis of clinical deployment of technology. Ability to plan and run organized tests with medical robots. Good oral and written communication skills, team awareness, systems performance understanding, test preparation, results analysis, on-the-fly debugging are all required skills for this position. Excellent organizational, analytical, reasoning and problem-solving skills; Ability to maintain accurate and detailed records. Ability to understand and follow directions. Ability to report to a supervisor regularly and update the progress. 
 Employment condition: 
 Per Brigham and Women’s Hospital Post-doc fellow policy. 
 
 Application 
 Please submit one copy each of the following: 
 (1) CV in organized in similar forat to Harvard Medical School format (http://cv.hms.harvard.edu/) 
 (2) Narrative statement of research accomplishments (including a list of theses, monographs, academic papers, etc.), and academic and social services (activities in academic societies, committee work, etc.). The statement can be in the CV, or on a separate sheet. 
 (3) Reprints or photocopies of up to five major research papers or other publications. 
 (4) Names and contact information of three people who can be asked to provide references 
 
 The application documents should be sent as digital PDF copies to: 
 Nobuhiko Hata, PhD 
 Email: hata (at) bwh.harvard.edu 
 
EEO Statement 
BWH is an Affirmative Action Employer. By embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, sex, age, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, military service, genetic information, and/or other status protected under law. We will ensure that all individuals with a disability are provided a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. 
 
Primary Location  MA-Boston-BWH Boston Main Campus 
Work Locations  BWH Boston Main Campus 75 Francis St Boston 02115 
Job  MD/PHD/Fellows/ PostDocs 
Organization  Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH) 
Schedule  Full-time 
Standard Hours  40 
Shift  Day Job 
Employee Status  Regular 
Recruiting Department  BWH Radiology 
Job Posting  Sep 14, 2021 Mass General Brigham 1 day ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Post-doctoral Fellow jobs in Boston, MA Jobs at Brigham & Women's Hospital in Boston, MA Post-doctoral Fellow salaries in Boston, MA Company Info Follow Get job updates from Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH) Brigham & Women's Hospital(BWH) 1,021 reviews For over 150 years, Brigham and Women’s Hospital has been the birthplace of legendary medicine. A merger of three of Harvard’s most prest... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
