
 
 
 
 Sr. Principal Engineer-Machine Intelligence - Oshkosh, WI - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. Principal Engineer-Machine Intelligence Oshkosh Corporation 158 reviews Oshkosh, WI Full-time Oshkosh Corporation 158 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description At Oshkosh, we build, serve and protect people and communities around the world by designing and manufacturing some of the toughest specialty trucks and access equipment. We employ over 15,000 team members all united by a common purpose. Our engineering and product innovation help keep soldiers and firefighters safe, is critical in building and keeping communities clean and helps people do their jobs every day.
 Summary
 Assume responsibility of non-management position within a company and work within advanced engineering groups regarding development of intelligent products and on-board implementation of machine intelligence. The work encompasses development, verification and validation of artificial intelligence or machine learning algorithms, prescriptive and predictive analytics and applications to vehicle platforms or systems using embedded or edge computing hardware. The target platforms or systems include, but not limited to, conventional, hybrid or electric vehicle powertrains, advanced suspensions, material handling and other auxiliary equipment for on-road and off-road applications.
 ESSENTIAL DUTY AND RESPSONSIBILITY
 1. Conduct independent research and development on new technologies and establish requirements (resources, equipment, estimates, test plans, and milestones) according to the needs of a project related to real-time operating system (RTOS), Autosar, embedded systems, open-source tools, Internet of Things (IOT), edge computing and architecture virtualization.
 2. Carry out the technical aspects of advanced vehicle system controls research and development in the aspect of implementation using embedded software tools, version control and configuration management, verification and validation, DevOps and CI/CD software. 
 3. Work with internal and external project teams on advanced control development efforts independently with minimum supervision using embedded software and model-based development tool suites.
 4. Assist developing or integrating control strategies and implementation in a virtual simulation environment using modeling tools (such as AMESIM, Matlab/Simulink/Stateflow etc.) or hardware-in-the-loop simulators and transferring simulated strategies to vehicle testing and eventual production implementation.
 5. Conduct feasibility studies and project estimates (manpower, budget development, and timelines etc.) on proposed projects.
 Education and Experience
 Bachelor's degree in Computer or Electrical Engineering and 3-plus years related experience or Master’s degree in Computer or Electrical Engineering and 1-year related experience Work experience in electrical-electronics (E-E) system architecture design, real-time operating system, Linux, and embedded virtualization preferred. Embedded software development experiences using C/C++/C# or Python Automotive or heavy-duty vehicle background with vehicle control system experiences Work experience in automotive or heavy-duty vehicle CAN bus and architecture Work experience in Wind River Vxworks , Linux operating systems, drivers and peripheral handling, dSPACE or Vector tools
 Expectation
 Have essential controls/software education background and with in-depth work-related experiences Strong and efficient time management, communication and critical thinking skills Strong presentation skills and able to confidently interface internal or external customers. Solve technical hurdles and troubleshooting guidelines independently with clarity and assess the priorities based on business needs Strongly motivated in learning new technologies and skills in controls and artificial intelligence fields
 Oshkosh is committed to working with and offering reasonable accommodation to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to disability for any part of the employment process, please contact us at:  920-502-3009  or corporatetalentacquisition@oshkoshcorp.com.
 Oshkosh Corporation is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Information collected regarding categories as provided by law will in no way affect the decision regarding an employment application.
 Oshkosh Corporation will not discharge or in any manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Oshkosh Corporation's legal duty to furnish information.
 Certain positions with Oshkosh Corporation require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Administration Regulations. Applicants for these positions may need to be "U.S. Persons," as defined in these regulations. Generally, a "U.S. Person" is a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or an individual who has been admitted as a refugee or granted asylum. Oshkosh Corporation 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Principal Software Engineer jobs in Oshkosh, WI Jobs at Oshkosh Corporation in Oshkosh, WI Principal Software Engineer salaries in Oshkosh, WI Company Info Follow Get job updates from Oshkosh Corporation Oshkosh Corporation 158 reviews Human-inspired. Team-built. Will-powered. 

Oshkosh is a global company of over 14,000 team members, that designs and manufactures some... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
