
 
 
 
 Sales Development Specialist - Durham, NC - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Skip to main content Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Employers / Post Job Skip to main content Indeed Home Sign in Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Employers Create your resume Change country 🇺🇸 United States Help Center Start of main content 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sales Development Specialist NVIDIA 237 reviews Durham, NC NVIDIA 237 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job Company Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Would you like to be a part of one of the most exciting companies in Silicon Valley? NVIDIA the world leader in Visual and Accelerated Computing, is seeking a Sales Development Specialist for our inside sales organization. This role is tasked with creating a pipeline of opportunities for NVIDIA’s sales teams by executing lead management and demand generation activities. Thus, if you have a passion for how technology is driving dynamic changes in exciting segments like Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Cloud and Advanced Software Development, we'd like to talk with you! We have a real passion for helping customers innovate and realize the full benefits of the NVIDIA platform!
 What you'll be doing:
 Attain a minimum of 100% of quota attainment.
 Execute demand generation programs for install base and new business opportunities
 Maintain a high-volume of daily activity with prospects by phone, email, and chat
 Seek net new opportunities by calling leads from marketing activities including campaigns, events, webinars, referrals, and website inquiries.
 Triage inbound phone calls and chat
 Navigate social media and professional network websites for prospecting, as well as utilizing Salesforce.com to manage all lead activity and opportunity creation
 Build a pipeline of new opportunities for NVIDIA’s sales teams by identifying new prospects, qualifying the lead, and converting the lead to opportunity status
 Collaboration directly with the NVIDIA Marketing team, as well as Field, Inside, and Channel Sales
 Have an understanding and clear delivery of NVIDIA value proposition, key features, product messages, and positioning
 What we need to see:
 Bachelor’s degree required or equivalent work experience
 2+ years of inside sales and/or customer experience preferred
 Comfortable with performing a high volume of outbound calls to prospects
 Proficient with LinkedIn, Salesforce.com experience a plus
 Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to convey them over the phone
 Ability to conceptualize and convey complex technical concepts in a clear and concise manner
 Strong organizational and time management skills with high energy, drive, and a sense of urgency
 Creative and persistent in developing techniques to reach new prospects
 Positive attitude
 NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most talented people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
 NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
 #deeplearning NVIDIA 30+ days ago original job Report job Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Sales Specialist jobs in Durham, NC Jobs at NVIDIA in Durham, NC Sales Specialist salaries in Durham, NC Company Info Follow Get job updates from NVIDIA NVIDIA 237 reviews NVIDIA is like no place you’ve ever worked. You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to impr... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
