
 
 
 
 Sr. AI Scientist - Image-Guided Therapy - Princeton, NJ 08540 - Indeed.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Indeed Home Find jobs Company reviews Find salaries Upload your resume Sign in Sign in Employers / Post Job Start of main content   
 
 
 
 What Where Find Jobs Advanced Job Search Sr. AI Scientist - Image-Guided Therapy Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews Princeton, NJ 08540 Full-time Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews Read what people are saying about working here. Job details Job Type Full-time Full Job Description Now’s our time to inspire the future of healthcare together. 
Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company with over 170 years of experience and 18,000 patents. More than 48,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. We stand with our customers around the world to support them in delivering high quality care to their patients. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services. This is what truly matters to us. 
Join our team now at Siemens Healthineers as  Senior AI Scientist in Image-Guided Therapy (IGT) technologies , with focus on, but not limited to, AI approaches for real-time analysis and modeling of interventional images, computer vision, multi-modality image fusion, and medical robotics for minimally invasive interventions. 
You will be part of the Digital Technology and Innovation Center, the central hub for R&D in artificial intelligence and digital innovation of Siemens Healthineers. Our global footprint extends to USA (Princeton, NJ), China, India, and various countries within Europe. Our highly skilled AI experts specialize in using large data collections and powerful supercomputing infrastructure to build artificial intelligence solutions in close collaboration with government agencies, universities, and healthcare providers worldwide. You will have the opportunity to test your knowledge in a challenging problem-solving environment. You will be encouraged to think out-of-the-box, innovate and find solutions to real-life problems. Our team has a strong publication record in leading journals and conferences. 
This is a role well suited to an ambitious professional, looking for the next step in their career. As a Senior AI Scientist, you will be responsible for : You will research, design and implement AI algorithms and technology to support image-guided therapies, for instance for robust and fast image analysis (detection, tracking, multi-modality fusion) or AI systems for medical robotics (modeling and control). You will advance the state-of-the-art in the field, including generating patents and publications in top journals and conferences You will support the development of prototypes to demonstrate the performance of the algorithms you will research, from specification to implementation to validation. You will support feasibility studies, in collaboration with Siemens Healthineers business lines and clinical partners. You will work together with customers to understand their problems, requirements and deliver solutions. You will participate in the development of internal project proposals or government grants, from ideation to planning. 
This position may suit you best if you are familiar with what is below,   and would like to do develop your career with Healthineers You have completed a Ph.D. in interventional image computing, biomedical engineering, computer science, or related. You have strong background in artificial intelligence for image-guided therapy and/or medical robotics, and willing to learn about new algorithms, software, and hardware solutions. You are willing to accept challenges and responsibilities to advance the state of the art in real-time image analysis, multi-modality fusion and medical robotics, as demonstrated by a publication record and early developments to the level of working prototype. You have hands-on coding skills and can quickly prototype in python and C++. Experience with GPU, embedded system, and mechatronics is desired. Since you are interacting with international customers, outstanding written and verbal English skills are necessary, with very strong presentation skills. You show team orientation, can-do attitude, communication skills and customer orientation. You are willing to travel to meet business partners and clinical collaborators. 
Required skills to have for the success of this role Ph.D. degree or equivalent experience required 3-5+ years of experience (including Ph.D. study), with strong knowledge in artificial intelligence for image-guided therapy technologies and medical robotics Strong collaboration and communication skills Willing to travel up to 10% 
Siemens Healthineers has recently announced the next steps in our continued commitment to prioritize colleague health, comply with customer/business partner requirements, and help preserve our business continuity. Going forward, please be aware that Siemens Healthineers requires full vaccination for COVID-19 for our U.S. employees, contractors, and business partners, where local conditions allow, who: 
1) Are customer-facing (e.g., those required to visit a customer/business partner site or interact in-person with customers at any conference or meeting) OR 
2) Come on-site, whether regularly or occasionally, at any Siemens Healthineers location. 
(Note: Accommodations may be requested for certain medical or religious reasons) 
At Siemens Healthineers, we value those who dedicate their energy and passion to a greater cause. Our people make us unique as an employer in the med-tech industry. What unites and motivates our global team is the inspiration of our common purpose: To innovate for healthcare, building on our remarkable legacy of pioneering ideas that translate into even better healthcare products and services. We recognize that taking ownership of our work allows both us and the company to grow. We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment and the space to move beyond your comfort zone to grow both personally and professionally. 
If you want to join us in transforming the way healthcare is delivered, visit our career site at https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/careers 
If you wish to find out more about the specific before applying, please visit: https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/about 
As an equal-opportunity employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with disabilities. 
#LI-ES1 
Organization:  Siemens Healthineers 
Company:  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. 
Experience Level:  Experienced Professional 
Job Type:  Full-time 
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. 
 
 EEO is the Law 
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision 
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. 
 
 California Privacy Notice 
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. Siemens 30+ days ago original job Report job You must create an Indeed account before continuing to the company website to apply Apply Now Apply On Company Site Save this job Save this job Senior Scientist jobs in Princeton, NJ Jobs at Siemens Healthineers in Princeton, NJ Senior Scientist salaries in Princeton, NJ Company Info Follow Get job updates from Siemens Healthineers Siemens Healthineers 203 reviews At Siemens Healthineers USA, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards ... Let employers find you Thousands of employers search for candidates on Indeed Upload your resume 
 
 Hiring Lab Career Advice Browse Jobs Browse Companies Salaries Find Certifications Indeed Events Work at Indeed Countries About Help Center © 2021 Indeed Do Not Sell My Personal Information Accessibility at Indeed Privacy Center Cookies Privacy Terms Let Employers Find You Upload Your Resume 
 
 
 
 
 
